two computers in the investigation of princess diana 's cause of death
london , june 6
london daily reported that two records were recorded in the two records of the accident investigation data of princess diana in 1997 , and was stolen from the office of police chief of police in the past .
the report pointed out that the stolen property might have been suspected of being a confidential information that was led by sir 爵士 史蒂文森 , former former former chief of police chief of police .
however , a woman spokesman said that there was no sensitive information in the computer or the investigation of the relevant information .
sir edward 爵士 is the director of the 诺桑 , the director of the 警察局 , and his office is in the vicinity of the 泰恩河新堡 .
the report said that agents of 诺桑 were tracking two burglary cases in the past 10 days .
the second day of the week was the weekend , which took place on january 28 , and the second was that computers and cash were taken away last week .
the police also said there was no evidence to suggest that these two cases and 史 were related to the work of sir edward 爵士 .
the cause of death was not directly directed by the prince of wales princess .
the post of the royal post was ordered to investigate the evidence in 2004 .
princess diana died in a paris tunnel accident on august 31 , 1997 and her wife was killed and her husband was killed and the driver was killed .
after two years of investigation , the french police believed that the driver was drunk and taken after taking drugs and taking drugs , causing a loss of control .
sri lanka 's warring parties agree to negotiate in geneva
afp , 伦 , 7 th
norway , who has been mediating in the peace process , said that the sri lankan warring groups agreed to start negotiations on the 22 nd in geneva , switzerland , to resolve the deadlock in the negotiations that had been stalled for several decades .
the norwegian peace envoy , 索尔海姆 索尔海姆 , met with 巴拉辛汗 巴拉辛汗 , a member of the tiger liberation tigers , who was in london for a breakthrough .
the norwegian government , in a statement , said that the sri lankan government and the tiger tigers of tamil eelam ( ltte ) had been calling for the government to help the norwegian government to hold talks on february 22 for a two - day talks in geneva .
the agreement will focus on how to strengthen the cease - fire agreement which will come into effect on february 23 , 2002 , and the agreement has not been fully observed by the two sides .
the norwegian embassy pointed out that the two sides will discuss how to improve the cease - fire agreement and this is also the first time that the two sides have conducted face - to - face talks at such a high level in the past three years .
索尔海姆 said he would lead the norwegian team to participate in the negotiations , and the four representatives of the tiger tigers who were in the 解放 liberation team led by the sri lankan government led by the minister of health led the army .
he said that “ is a small step toward peace , but the process of negotiations is expected to be difficult .
the first round of talks in sri lanka on the settlement of ethnic conflicts was held in japan in march 2003 , but the tiger tigers who were in the 虎 liberation tigers were abolished in april 2003 .
south korea 's winter olympics opens to south korea
义 利杜林 , 十日
the 20 th winter olympic games opened today in dubai , the capital of south korea , and south korea and north korea , which were each other 's enemy .
south korean women 's speed skating player li 宝拉 , who is with north korea 's men 's skating star , is the head of the national team of the two countries , leading the south korean team to the winter olympic games hall , leading south korea 's north korean team to enter winter games .
this is the first time that the olympic team from south korea and north korea is working together in winter olympics .
in order to reflect the spirit of unity between the two sides over the past few years , the sydney summer olympic games and the athens summer olympics were all jointly joined by the north korea olympic games .
north korea did not attend the 19th winter olympic games held in salt lake city in the united states .
the korean peninsula was divided into a north korean and communism - based north korean north korean and south korean war during the 1950 - 1953 war .
the two sides had a good relationship after the summit meeting in 2000 , the leaders of the south korean peninsula 's north korean leader said after a peace summit in 2000 .
the greek delegation is the first country to enter the country , and the 80 - member south korea is the 22 nd country of the 22 nd national day .
the landlord 国义 代表队 is the last leg of the national team , and the event immediately burst into cheers and cheers when the italian team entered the stadium .
霍夫曼 药物 醒悟 to make a timely break to the performing arts
new york , april 16
the male chief of the 电影 主角 透露 , who was admitted to the oscar of the oscar for the oscar of the oscar , was admitted to the 演艺 and 酒 of the 演艺 .
霍夫曼 叹 , a 轻 , said in a press interview with cbs news magazine that during the period of the us cbs visit , it was really unscrupulous for the purpose of obtaining drugs and alcohol .
at that time , he was only 20 in the new york university , and entered the society of 五光十色 , and the daily life of his daily life was rapidly spinning , he was finally turned into a 头昏脑胀 , and lost control .
he entered the 勒 , 戒 , and 掉 , and stopped alcohol and drug medicine . it was the most frightening period of his life .
the 告白 颁奖 , a movie 颁奖 , is expected to be the best actor in the world , the 奥斯卡 : said .
before that , he had been able to affirm his superb acting skills , and he had won many awards , including the best male actor award .
the 38 - year - old actor said that if there was no 痛 to be determined to change the habit of being well - known before becoming famous , he might not have been nominated by an oscar .
he said he admired those beautiful actors who were in the age of 19 and suddenly became famous .
four european bird flu reports on bird flu
brussels , april 16
the avian flu virus has been kept in europe , causing anxiety .
the european commission adopted the re - establishment of a buffer zone to remove the region 's entire area into the management of the virus , and ban all poultry from the bird 's 生物 .
the epidemic has expanded to more chicken farms after the deadly virus was discovered in nigeria 's nigeria and nigeria , and signs of the outbreak have been expanded to more chicken farms .
egyptian officials are investigating the death of a chicken farm in a chicken farm in southern china , which is worrying that the virus might continue to spread .
the european union 's chicken market has affected the virus , a big decline , and the eu executive committee stressed that there was no reason to panic .
the executive committee is responsible for the safety of the public health and food safety council , said the executive committee of the executive committee , who is in charge of the matter , but it is not necessary to respond too much .
the european commission has also set new rules for the european union ( eu ) to set up a new zone for the discovery of the virus , which is located in the three kilometers of the surrounding areas and 10 km of alert areas .
a european eu official who declined to be named pointed out that everyone was very nervous and they were all suspected of having been in europe from various places in europe and suspected that the outbreak had already erupted .
ukraine and russia have been found in the territory of 乌克兰 , a country with austrian 、 德国 , austria , and ukraine , and the russian 领土 和 乌克兰 乌克兰 乌克兰 乌克兰 乌克兰 乌克兰 乌克兰 乌克兰 乌克兰 乌克兰 乌克兰 乌克兰 乌克兰 乌克兰 乌克兰 乌克兰 乌克兰 乌克兰 乌克兰 乌克兰 乌克兰 乌克兰 乌克兰 乌克兰 乌克兰 乌克兰 希腊 希腊 希腊 希腊 希腊 希腊 希腊 希腊 希腊 希腊 希腊 希腊 希腊 希腊 希腊 希腊 保加利亚 保加利亚 保加利亚 保加利亚 保加利亚 保加利亚 保加利亚 保加利亚 保加利亚 保加利亚 保加利亚 欧洲 欧洲 欧洲 欧洲 欧洲 欧洲 欧洲 欧洲 欧洲 欧洲 欧洲 欧洲 .
romania discovered 31 cases on 16 june , 斯洛维尼亚 、 , austria 's 、 , and germany 's 鲁根岛 , 希腊 , and germany .
the two ducks were found in the two ducks , which were the first wild swan virus in the european area .
the european union is now the most worried migratory birds .
nigeria is stepping up its efforts to prevent virus spread from the african continent .
the government announced that all poultry birds in the five kilometres of the infected farms were destroyed by the virus , no matter whether they were infected by the virus .
the japanese government has announced that the country has entered a state of alert and 提拨 million us dollars of emergency plans to monitor border borders and the border between nigeria and nigeria .
the newly established national emergency emergency committee said they received a report on the loose border between the two countries , and nearly 400 birds died in the border of the two countries .
new regulatory rules for china 's electronic banking business will come into force on march 1
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 6 ( reporter han jie xu 博 ) the reporter learned from the china banking regulatory commission that the " procedures for the management of electronic banking business " recently published by the cbrc and the " guidelines for evaluating electronic banking security " will come into effect on 1 march 2006 .
according to the regulations governing the management of foreign capital , the relevant procedures for foreign financial institutions ' approval of foreign banks will be submitted to the main report of the bank for examination and examination if they have to be allowed to go on line with the internet banking business .
in order to standardize commercial banks ' use of internet banking , the people 's bank of china promulgated the " provisional procedures for the management of banking business in the internet " in june 2001 .
the banking regulatory commission said that the provisional procedures have been unable to meet the requirements of the electronic banking risk supervision and control , and the cbrc has formulated two new regulations for the banking sector .
according to a cbrc spokesman , the cbrc is not an assessment of the qualifications of the regulatory institutions in the assessment of the qualifications of the security assessment institutions , the qualifications of the enterprises and the qualifications of enterprises for access to the business sector , and the necessary reference for the financial institutions to assess their own business .
if the safety assessment agency meets relevant requirements and requirements , even if the credit is not confirmed by the cbrc , the financial institutions may also employ their electronic banking safety assessments , but should manage the banking industry according to relevant regulations .
article 9 of the " procedures for managing electronic banking business " consists of nine chapters and nine articles , including nine parts of the general provisions of the general principles for the change of the system of management of the natural gas , the management of the 风险 , and the management of the management of 风险 .
the " guidelines for assessing the security of electronic banking " consist of five chapters and five articles , which are the management and supplementary provisions for the implementation of the safety assessment of the security assessment agency , 、 security assessment institution , which is a general general principles for safety assessment .
mao zedong , zhu shaoqi , zhu 德 , and deng xiaoping , published in the " study and research study " published ,
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 6 , " mao zedong , zhu shaoqi , zhu shaoqi , zhu rongji , and chen yun , a book research center editor , published a book recently from the central literature publishing house .
conducting investigations and studies in depth and persisting in integrating theory with reality , and from this is the basic experience and basic method of the cpc leading revolution to carry out and implement the correct line , principles , and policies .
mao zedong , mao zedong , liu shaoqi , deng xiaoping , deng xiaoping , and other revolutionaries of the older generation had made many important and incisive expositions on the investigation and study of the past - - - the - case study and wrote many reports on the study of the old generation .
the practice and results of the investigation and study have played an important role in guiding the cause of the party and the people and on the correct path .
mao zedong , zhu shaoqi , and deng xiaoping , a book entitled " study and research , " were divided into three parts : first , mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation , the analects of mao zedong , and chen yun 's 、 、 , the third part of the last century .
most of these reports were released for the first time .
in addition , two reports on the investigation and study of the central leaders ' recent central leaders ' investigation and study were also accompanied by two rounds of investigations .
russia reiterates adherence to one - china policy
xinhua news agency , moscow , february 6 , russian deputy foreign minister alexander alexeyev reiterated on 6 february that russia adheres to the one - china stance when meeting with chinese ambassador to russia liu guchang .
alekseyev said that russia has taken note of the recent remarks made by chen shui - bian on taiwan independence .
the russian government has consistently upheld the one - china principle and has firmly supported china 's efforts to realize the great cause of national reunification .
after the national people 's congress [ npc ] adopted the " anti - secession law " last year , russia was the first to openly express its support for it .
russia will soon release a statement to reiterate the one - china stand , and oppose the “ taiwan independence , he said .
third chinese compatriots kill south africa in two days
xinhua news agency , johannesburg , february 6 ( reporter chen ming ) chinese foreign nationals residing in fuqing , fujian province , were injured by local militants after their operation in the small hours of the 酒吧 , and died on the morning of the 6 th at the 医院 hospital of south africa .
the incident occurred in a bar in 韦尔科姆市 , 130 kilometers northwest of the northwest of the country , said feng yang , president of the chinese federation of chinese people 's federation .
at that time , the proprietor lin 义兴 was removed from the inside , and was prepared to end the day of business .
at this time , three customers were also sent to the shop , one of them pulled out of the gun , and the robbers were robbed .
lin 义兴 , a 40 - year - old man , fought against the ruffians , and the burglar fired a shot and fled afterwards .
the local people who rushed to the scene to receive lin 义兴 were sent to hospital for treatment , because lin 义兴 was 弥漫 blood 渗 of the body of “ 血管 , and died from blood 渗 on 6 february , at 3 : 30 a. m . on february 6 .
on 6 february , chinese consulate general xu zhongtian and vice chairman of the south african association of fujian fellow hui changming drove to 布隆方丹 , and the other side of the association of southeast asian nations ( cpaffc ) , which was in charge of handling the aftermath of the incident , was to help the family of the deceased to handle the aftermath .
lin 义兴 was the third chinese who was shot by the robbers within 36 hours , and at the same time , he was also the fourth chinese who was killed in south africa this year .
( newspaper clippings ) shanghai : - - - - - - - - - - graduates and graduates from colleges and universities become the main force for the hour - long work
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 7 , shanghai 's labor and social security bureau issued a new year 's salary note for 2006 , with the number of posts reaching 120 , up 11 percent over the previous year , with the original post - graduate salary rise 降 .
according to a relevant expert from the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau , shanghai 's current - hour work of workers has exceeded 1 million .
according to a report by zhongguo qingnian bao , college graduates and part - time personnel are the main components of the working team for hours .
over half of the direct investigation by the two sides was part of the number of people who had been directly investigated and over half of the total number of workers were part - time .
the cultural level of part - time workers is generally higher , mainly engaged in technical work , such as translation posts , part - time personnel and the number of fitness personnel , and the number of fitness categories is as high as 81.7% .
high income is one of the major reasons for many people to engage in jobs for hours .
it is understood that individual jobs may reach tens of thousands of dollars per month , and it is difficult to ask for a monthly salary of more than 2,000 hours , and the monthly income of the job - related jobs can be more than 2,000 .
the reason is that the expansion of their personal interests is an important reason for the time - old work - time work of the whole - time working hours .
mr. gu , who is manager of the human resources department of a certain enterprise , will take several hours to handle a certain financial account of a foreign representative office every week .
mr. gu believes that the biggest income of part - time is to keep abreast of the new knowledge , and that the income of the other one is also attractive to the other areas , and of course , each month is also attractive .
because of the low employment threshold of some hours , the flexible and freely free work forms are gradually being favored by many graduates who are seeking jobs , and 14% are secondary school graduates who are now working in the past three years .
i did not want to do a job for the hour , but i did not think a few months later , i felt that it was better to work in the evening of the 9 th , the 9 th , the 9 th .
after graduating from college , he was not satisfied with the work , and finally put the name of a famous piano music to the scene .
“ , i am quite satisfied with the current work , one hour , the environment is good , i 'm now doing a few hours of work , i 'm going to find several hours of work .
it is understood that the hour - long work has become an important way to accumulate experience in working experience and to improve communication skills with the work of job - seekers .
the graduates are mainly engaged in the work of knowledge and skills , such as highly professional translation posts , and the significant performing arts in the times , and the proportion of the performing arts in the age of 22.1% and 26.8% .
some jobs are not high enough for the hours of work , such as the sales of food marketing agents , and the unemployed personnel who can be selected through simple training .
data showed that the proportion of workers employed in the work of the workers was 39% , of which the proportion of the unemployed in the retail sector reached 68.4% , and the proportion of food and clothing in the catering industry was 58.7% , an important channel for unemployed personnel to employment .
wu bangguo inspects anhui province
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 8 , the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) standing committee , which is standing committee member of the political bureau of the cpc central committee , stressed the need to take the scientific development concept into consideration in the light of the overall situation , in light of the local situation , and to implement the scientific development concept in concrete work .
from 6 to 8 february , wu bangguo went to the 芜湖 county in 合肥 , 马鞍山 city , ma on shan , to go deep into the 企业 township in the rural areas of the 企业 township , 企业 township , and to inspect the research and study of colleges and universities in the rural areas .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui has an advantage in the east and west of the east , and is an important agricultural area , rich natural resources , relatively good industrial foundation , relatively strong cultural strength , and great development potential .
anhui should firmly seize the major opportunity of promoting the rise of central china , unswervingly carry out the central policy , closely integrate the central authorities ' principles and policies , and carry out the work in a creative manner in concrete work .
we should sum up practical experiences in a timely manner , rely on the masses of the people , vigorously support reform and innovation , and constantly open up new vistas for anhui 's work .
we should actively promote the building of a harmonious society , persist in making good use of the fundamental interests of the overwhelming majority of the people , and actively create conditions for the work of the masses , gradually gradually change the relationship between the two sides , and ensure that all the people share the fruits of reform and development and safeguard and realize social equity and justice .
wu bangguo stressed : china has already reached a historical stage of relying more on its ability to innovate independently and to improve the quality of laborers . only by vigorously promoting scientific and technological progress and innovation can we achieve a leap in the quality of productive forces and promote economic and social development .
we should establish and perfect a system of favorable conditions for innovation , increase investment in science and technology , encourage patent inventions , develop famous brand names , speed up the transformation of scientific and technological achievements into real productive forces , and strengthen the contribution of scientific and technological achievements to economic growth .
we should support and encourage technological elements to participate in distribution , establish and perfect a statistical indices for reflecting the independent innovation capability , study and formulate the policy of supporting and formulating financial and taxation , and government procurement , and create a policy system that encourages independent innovation .
we should cultivate innovative awareness in society , vigorously advocate the spirit of daring to innovate , and strive to create a good atmosphere for talented people to make up talent .
wu bangguo pointed out : the people 's congress has played an increasingly important role in the process of building a socialist country ruled by law in accordance with the law .
first , in the new situation , the work of the people 's congresses in the new situation should be upheld , and the road of the socialist political development with chinese characteristics should be unswervingly followed .
second , closely centering around the overall situation of the party 's work and the state 's work , closely centering on the hot and difficult problems of the masses of the people , focusing on the hot and difficult issues of reform and development , and constantly enhancing the work of the npc work .
third , we should give play to the characteristics and advantages of the npc work , uphold democratic centralism , and act according to the law in accordance with the law and collectively decide on the issue .
we should persist in taking the mass line , use people as the foundation , use the power for the people , and work for the people , and work for the people .
china proposes major scientific research plan for next 15 years
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 9 ( reporter li xing ) to enhance china 's international competitiveness , the state council issued four major scientific research plans on the 9th , and the " outline for the development of medium and long - term scientific and technological development plan " issued by the state council on the 9th .
the four major scientific plans are protein research research 、 纳米 research and development and development and reproductive research .
the outline points out that protein science is the high ground of life of the developed countries in the field of the fierce contention for the current developed countries .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on research on protein protein biology , biological biology , biological biology , biological biology , biological biology , biological biology , biological biology , and biological biology .
the outline also holds that the quantum readjustment research is a clear - looking and forward - looking impact , and it may have an inestimable impact on the economic development of human society after 30 - 30 years .
china should focus on research on the carrier of quantum telecommunications , the principles of regulation and control , the quantum effect of quantum computing , restricted quantum structure , and the new principles and new technologies for measuring the quantum quantum power system .
in addition , the outline points out that nanotechnology has become a strategic choice for many countries to upgrade their core competitiveness and also one of the areas that china can achieve by leaps and bounds .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on the application of 纳米 , 制备 , 电子学 , 电子学 biology , 表征 biology , 表征 and nanotechnology , and nanotechnology and nanotechnology , and nanotechnology and nanotechnology .
the growth of china 's population is large , the birth rate is too many , and the serious shortage of organ transplant is imminent . the aging peak is soon coming to a new level .
according to the outline , china will focus on research on stem cells and the structural adjustment of the 受精 and 调控 of 干细胞 , which will be a 成熟 and 退 , and the 安全 and 干细胞 of the 受精 .
shanghai 's housing prices fall by 7 percentage points in 2003
shanghai , february 9 , xinhua ( reporter huang 庭钧 ) the state policy on macro regulation and control in the real estate industry in 2005 has been marked by remarkable results in shanghai .
according to the latest data released , the overall index of the real estate industry in shanghai has dropped or a slowdown in the previous year .
the value of domestic exports increased by 6.6 percentage points over the previous year , down by 6.6 percent from the previous year .
the shanghai municipal statistics bureau , director of the shanghai municipal statistics bureau , said at a press conference that the average sales price of shanghai 's commodity residential housing in 2005 was 6698 - billion yuan / square meters , up 31.3 yuan from 2004 .
the price of residential residential sales rose by 6.6 percent in the year , up 6.6 percentage points over the previous year .
the added value of the real estate industry was 670.23亿 billion yuan , down by 4.1% percent over the previous year .
in the balance of loans of financial institutions , the balance of personal housing loans was 2644.94亿 billion yuan , and the new year - only - year loans increased by only 元 billion yuan , with the new amount of loans increased by 728.09亿 billion yuan .
pan jianxin said : judging from the sales price of shanghai 's real estate market in the whole year , sales prices of commercial housing are 稳中有降 .
statistics also show that in 2005 , the price increase in real estate prices in shanghai dropped somewhat , and residential housing prices were sold at 6698 - trillion yuan , up 31.3 yuan from 2004 .
the price level of housing sales in 2005 was 9.7% percent higher than the previous year , a drop of 6.2 percentage points over the previous year .
according to his briefing , last year shanghai completed the real estate development investment of 1246.86亿 billion yuan , an increase of 6.1% percent over the previous year .
the sales area was 3158.87万 square meters , down 9.5% percent .
sales of commercial housing totaled 2161.3亿 billion yuan , down 4.5% percent over the previous year .
two light aircraft crash crash in new zealand
xinhua news agency , wellington , february 9 , two new zealand light airplanes collided with a 惠灵 area of 惠灵 kilometers north of wellington , capital of the capital city of wellington , and crashed in the air , killing two students of the two aviation institutes .
according to a relevant official of the local civil aviation department , both pilots of the two planes were students of the university 's flight academy , and they were still receiving training and not obtaining a flight license .
when the incident occurred , two planes were in the non - air control zone , and the pilot was in charge of the flight and security of the aircraft in such a region .
a witness at the scene of the incident told new zealand media that he heard a huge explosion when the plane collided with the plane , and saw the rapid fall of the plane .
eyewitnesses also confirmed that before the plane crashed , it was heard that the explosion was heard and saw the debris falling into the plane .
the reason for the crash of the plane is not clear , and the local civil aviation department will conduct an investigation into this .
argentina 's overseas chinese strongly condemn chen shui - bian 's remarks on taiwan independence
buenos aires , february 8 ( xinhua ) the argentine china association for promoting peaceful reunification , founded on 8 february , issued a solemn statement strongly condemning chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence and opposition to any attempt to separate taiwan from china .
the statement said that chen shui - bian declared in his speech on 29 january that the abolition of the nuc and the nug and 国 were another step forward toward taiwan independence .
the compatriots on both sides of the strait will face a severe challenge for the hope of peace and stability in taiwan compatriots seeking peace and stability .
the statement pointed out that the separatist activities of opposing and containing taiwan independence in the taiwan strait are still the most urgent tasks of the compatriots on both sides of the strait and the chinese society of the world .
the statement stressed that the council of the council for promoting peaceful reunification of china is willing to unite with all chinese nationals residing in the two sides of the strait to uphold the one - china principle and resolutely oppose the “ taiwan independence taiwan independence and actively promote china 's peaceful reunification .
chinese experts : us advocacy of military threat to china
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 9 ( reporter li 宣良 ) the us pentagon recently submitted the first " defense evaluation report " to congress officially , which was called the first time that china was a new major power that could pose a military challenge to the united states .
experts believe that this is unreasonable criticism of china 's normal national defense construction , and the 渲染 of the 威胁论 china military threat theory is an interference in china 's internal affairs .
the " four - year defense evaluation report " is the new national defense guidance document of the pentagon .
the 92 - page report has three paragraphs of china 's military power and countermeasures that should be taken by the united states , which has been directly raised to the two terms of china , which is the main and new power of china , and the united states is very likely to develop its destructive military technology .
yao 云竹 , a research fellow at the world military research department of the chinese academy of military sciences , said that although senior us officials have repeatedly expressed similar views on the first time , this is the first time that the united states has proposed a new major power in the united states ' strategic report on national defense strategy .
the first time this report explicitly defines russia 's 、 , india , as a new strategic opponent , and is particularly concerned about the so - called ‘ china military threat theory .
major general peng guangqian , research fellow of the chinese academy of military sciences ,
what merits attention is that on the same day on the same day when the " defense evaluation report " was formally submitted to the congress , us president bush also submitted the fiscal year 2007 government budget to the congress , of which the defense budget was $ 4393亿 billion .
if the budget for military actions in iraq and afghanistan added to the additional budget for iraq and afghanistan , the us defense budget for fiscal 2007 will exceed $ 500 - billion , and the us budget for fiscal 2007 will be a record high , and ” , 彭 , is almost the sum of the military expenditure of all other countries in the world .
peng guangqian believes that the trick of the united states ' 威胁论 of the threat of other countries reflects the consistent style of the pentagon 's 制造 of the enemy 's ” , and its real purpose is to strive for more national defense spending , to reap more profits for the us huge arms industry .
experts say that compared with the huge military spending of the united states , china 's defense spending is quite limited .
deng 红洲 , who has participated in the drafting of the national defense white paper on many occasions , said : since the 1990 s , along with economic development , china 's national defense expenditures have increased , but the proportion of national financial expenditure in the same period has declined .
according to official data , compared with 1979 , china 's national defense expenditures have dropped by nearly 10 percentage points over the same period in 2004 .
china 's defense spending in 2005 is 2446.56亿 billion yuan , only about one - 14 - 14 , and the per capita military spending of the people is only about one - third of the us , and the per capita military spending of military personnel is about one - third .
the us land area and the land area of china are roughly quite large . the difference between military spending and the difference in military spending is so huge that no one is self - defense . this is self - evident .
peng guangqian said .
teng jianqun , director of the research department of the china arms control and disarmament association , said that the us side should objectively evaluate china 's military construction , and china 's peaceful development does not mean that china and the united states will become rivals militarily .
the white paper on china 's national defense in 2004 says china has firmly followed the path of peaceful development and adopted a defensive national defense policy .
china has not yet been a threat to any country in the past and now , and it will not pose a threat to any country .
china has not established military bases in other countries , nor has it sent a single soldier to other countries , and the united states has over 100,000 military bases overseas , and deployed more than 100,000 troops in asia alone .
professor zhu feng of the institute of international relations of beijing university said that china and the united states should increase communication and exchanges through the existing channels to enhance understanding and mutual trust , promote the constructive and cooperative relations between the two countries in a comprehensive way , and jointly promote the world peace and development .
( winter olympics ) winter games open in turin
xinhua news agency , turin , february 9 ( reporter ding ying ) the opening ceremony of the 20th winter olympic games will be officially opened at 点 olympic sports stadium on the evening of 10 february local time .
on 9 september , the organizing committee of turin winter olympic games disclosed to reporters the opening ceremony of the opening ceremony .
the opening ceremony of the opening ceremony was full of the top - notch euro - zone and the top - notch italian people .
he said that the evening of 10 july will be unforgettable , and the audience and the 全世界 audience in the world - - - around 2 - 2 television audience will be able to see the opening ceremony of the great passion of the people of the whole world .
the 导演 , a 白鸽 of the 冬奥会 , will be the first to show the passion of the italian people for the new year 's olympics .
famous italian designers 阿玛尼 阿玛尼 specially designed clothes for the opening ceremony , and the famous italian fashion brand 莫斯基诺 will provide dress dress for the athletes who are attending the ceremony .
however , the famous italian tenor 帕瓦罗蒂 will sing a song at the opening ceremony , and the organizing committee will place this suspense in the end .
the eight - meter - long flame - burning athlete ” ” , who could be 头 with flame , said that the burning passion would be used to 穿梭 the 激情 of the 场内 .
the organizing committee held that this was the most satisfactory creation of the opening ceremony .
on how to ignite the main torch , the organizing committee did not reveal the details ahead of schedule , but the 主 - meter torch will light the residents of turin and the 山上 on the 山上 hill .
white house announces bush 's plan to visit pakistan in march
xinhua news agency , washington , february 9 ( reporter zhao yi ) at a news conference , white house spokesman mcclellan said that although the cartoon incident in the 漫画 of islam has aroused strong protests in islamic world , president bush will continue to visit pakistan and india in accordance with the plan .
mcclellan said bush is looking forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he also said that he is making arrangements for this visit .
the statement was held in some areas of pakistan , which protested against the 亵渎 of the islamic cartoons .
in january this year , when meeting with pakistani prime minister aziz , the two sides expressed that they would strengthen their cooperation in cracking down on terrorism , which harms the security of the two countries .
bush also said that he would visit pakistan and india in march and india at the invitation of the pakistani and indian governments .
( international observation ) hamas seeks to break new cabinet
xinhua news agency , ramallah , february 9 , the hamas cabinet is seeking breakthrough in the cabinet .
xinhua news agency reporter , wang hao , huang min
after the election victory of the palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) won victory , how the new government has drawn up a blueprint for the new government is the focus of attention of the current international community .
the new policy of hamas will directly affect the direction of the next step of the relevant parties in the peace process .
at the same time , the resistance attitude of the united states and israel has added variables to the prospects of hamas .
the palestinian side is now stepping up consultations on the issue of forming a cabinet , and actively seeking breakthroughs in the future development of the cabinet .
premier : premier 's post - graduate posts
after hamas won the cabinet , some people outside the world worried that hamas prime minister ” may have differences with the current highest leader mahmud abbas .
moreover , hamas leader 马沙尔 , who is visiting egypt , stressed that hamas led by hamas will not recognize israel , which has also aggravated international anxiety .
the united states and israel clearly stated that they would not accept the hamas government that possesses real power , and threatened to cut off economic aid to palestine and transfer tax payments to palestine .
however , this does not hinder hamas from making flexible strategic adjustments , and the election is a compromise policy .
in order to maximize the maximum recognition of the international recognition , the leaders of the hamas and foreign leaders who have been in egypt decided to elect 贾迈勒.胡达里 贾迈勒.胡达里 , chairman of the board of directors of the hamas and foreign leaders , to replace the chairman of the new prime minister .
this move has not been responded to by the relevant parties .
the prime minister said that the prime minister 's choice of the prime minister is to minimize hamas 's tough 色彩 color , and only thus can it guarantee the success of the cabinet .
how should the power of power be distributed ?
in the past , the biggest challenge to hamas is that it lacks sufficient experience in governance .
an article on the palestinian " daily daily " article said that hamas has been able to keep the popularity of the public through the social welfare project , but in the aspect of governance , it lacks experience , and the palestinian national liberation movement with the experience of ruling the country is the best policy .
hamas has been working with fatah to establish a political partnership with fatah after the election , and the fatah government has not responded positively to the issue .
the fatah faction has different views on the cabinet , which advocates participation in the new government , and the other faction has been able to do something and have a positive opposition to hamas .
the informed source pointed out that under the persuasion of abbas , fatah gradually tends to join the new government .
even so , hamas and fatah will also bargain over the distribution of cabinet positions .
besides , another way is to set up a cabinet of the legislative yuan outside the framework of the legislative council to break away from the party 's nature .
it is reported that hamas has also designed a type of expert - type government , but the specific list is unknown .
in view of the attitude of the united states and israel , the technical experts are also a form of cabinet to reduce external pressure .
according to the provisions of the basic law of palestine , the nomination of prime minister and cabinet members will be completed within three weeks after the new legislative council assumes office on 16 march .
what should be done in the armed forces ?
the weapons in the hands of hamas are another thorny problem facing the formation of a new government .
the us and israel 's attitude is very tough , and they resolutely demand hamas to abandon violence and reject the armed forces ' participation in the military .
hamas leader 马沙尔 stressed on 9 september that armed resistance is a strategic choice of the organization 's strategic choice .
the armed forces are in the same position as the united states , but the united states has been a member of the un .
the united states has been able to win the first - ever victory of the palestinian national assembly , which is a political system that has been established in the united states .
hamas has proposed to send all factions to the palestinian people 's army , the palestinian national authority , but it has not received extensive responses , and also met with criticism from the islamic holy war organization ( holy war ) of palestine .
the palestinian side has a total of 26,000 security organizations , and the overwhelming majority of them are the fatah camp .
moreover , fatah also has some subordinate factions , which are loose subordinate to the 组织关系 , such as abu 法塔赫 , the abu aqsa 阿克萨 , 法塔赫 、 , 法塔赫 烈士 , and 等 法塔赫 .
hamas , which is responsible for forming a cabinet , must be in line with abbas on how to manage the armed forces in their own ways and rationally distribute security powers .
according to local media reports , abbas intends to take charge of security and intelligence , and the police and civil defense departments are subordinate to the new government .
however , the parties still hold consultations on this sensitive issue so far there is no follow - up .
china releases polar survey report for first time
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 10 , china 's national oceanic administration ( soa ) has issued a report on china 's polar exploration in 2005 , the first issue since the launch of the polar scientific expedition in china over 20 years ago , said the chinese state oceanic administration ( soa ) .
the report fully reflects the progress of china 's polar scientific research and research activities in the polar science research and logistics support system in 2005 , and the results of the study .
according to the record of the " report , " the chinese antarctic expedition team , which was successfully inspected by the chinese antarctic inland icecap , was successfully hit by the ice cap of the antarctic inland icecap on january 9 , 2005 , and the ice - dome peak was set at 1415 meters on january 18 ( beijing time ) .
on the international stage of competition in polar exploration , chinese 昇 will be brave in opening up new fields and successfully achieving a success in the antarctic icecap , and successfully achieve a dream of the antarctic icecap .
sun zhihui , director of the state oceanic administration ;
the " report " shows that the 21 st antarctic expedition team in china successfully fulfilled its mission and returned to shanghai on 24 march , and this inspection lasted 151 days .
on 18 november of the same year , china 's 22 nd antarctic expedition team left shanghai , leaving the antarctica for scientific research activities , and will leave the zhongshan station via australia by the end of february 2006 .
as china 's first report on polar exploration published by china was published , the china polar survey report , " china polar survey report 2005 , " also reviewed and summed up the initial stage of china 's polar exploration undertaking in the early 1980 s .
in 1983 , china formally joined the antarctic treaty , becoming the antarctic treaty organization and has successively become the 理事会 council of the antarctic science research council , which has been the first to be the antarctic science research committee in the antarctic .
in 1997 , china became a member of the arctic science committee and won the right and decisionmaking power in international polar affairs .
the " report " has been in the past 20 years and more since china began to develop its polar exploration and research system , and has developed a 船 arctic scientific inspection system in the south , which was established in february 1985 .
statistics show that by the end of 2005 , china organized 22 arctic expeditions in arctic arctic arctic arctic exploration , which is carrying out two arctic expeditions , and the two sides have already conducted more than 3,000 人次 in the arctic arctic .
at present , we are working on the third antarctic inspection station , and is also the first research station in china 's antarctic inland to conduct research and study .
sun said .
china 's polar exploration undertaking has a great potential in polar exploration in the world , but it is still lagging behind other countries in polar exploration , but we must catch up with other major polar countries .
he said .
sun said china will publish the polar exploration report annually .
castro meets with chinese vice - premier
xinhua news agency , havana , february 10 ( reporter : zhou 矗 ) cuban state council president fidel castro met with visiting chinese state councilor chen zhili on 10 february , expressing the willingness to continuously strengthen mutually beneficial cooperation in education and science and technology .
president castro warmly welcomed state councilor chen zhili for visiting cuba .
he said that cuba and china have enjoyed a very friendly relationship , high - level exchange visits have been frequent , and they have effectively promoted and strengthened bilateral friendship and mutual understanding , and hoped that the two countries will continue to deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in education and science and technology .
chen said cuba is a country with important influence in latin america and the caribbean .
the friendly exchanges between the chinese and cuban peoples date back to ancient times .
cuba is the first latin american country to establish diplomatic relations with china .
after the new century , the two countries ' political mutual trust has deepened , and the scope of cooperation has been expanded continuously , and the friendly relations and cooperation between china and cuba have entered a new period of comprehensive development .
she believed that with the joint efforts of both sides , the friendly cooperation between china and cuba will produce more fruitful results .
chen zhili also pointed out that the chinese government has always attached importance to exchanges and cooperation with cuba in the educational field .
in recent years , the two countries have become increasingly close and close contacts between their personnel .
china actively supports the international conference held by the cuban side and sent delegations to attend the previous world higher education conference and the elimination of illiteracy at the 2005 session of the world .
the basic education level of cuba is very high , and hopes to further strengthen relevant experience in the future .
chen said that china and cuba have advantages in scientific and technological research and development , and can achieve mutually beneficial win - win results through cooperation in various fields .
the chinese side hopes that the chinese side will play a positive role in the development of the country 's science and technology , and to promote the development of the country 's economic and social development .
she also briefed castro on china 's strategy of rejuvenating the country with science and education and the national science and technology conference .
chen zhili arrived in havana on 9 february at the invitation of the cuban government , beginning his visit to cuba .
during the meeting , chen met with cuban minister of foreign affairs 高教部 维西诺 and inspected the 中学 中学 middle school and 小学 elementary school of 哈瓦那 university in havana .
closure of waste oil leakage in beijing
xinhua news agency , harbin , february 11 ( reporter liang 书斌 ) a traffic accident occurred at 23时 kilometers in beijing , and a oil tanker was leaked out at 23时 km on february 10 , causing some sections of the road to be closed .
according to a police officer from the city 's public security bureau , three vehicles collided with three vehicles on 10 april , a car truck , a truck truck , a truck truck , and a tanker truck collided with the oil tanker .
it is understood that waste waste oil from the oil tanker is loaded with coke .
the explosion was caused by a very high waste of waste waste , and at the same time , the relevant departments have been closed to the scene .
harbin is closed to the two cities , and many vehicles are closed .
at present , the relevant departments are screening the site and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) hutchison whampoa announces 延期 to postpone listing of italian “
xinhua news agency , hong kong , february 11 , hutchison whampoa , the hutchison whampoa company announced on 11 february that the plan to postpone the implementation of the 3G telecommunications business company , which was under the flag of the flag - raising system , was planned .
mr fok , who is also general manager of the group , said that although the “ has been approved by the regulatory bodies , the process of the prospectus is too hasty in the coming weeks .
at the same time , the sluggish market conditions in europe are weak , and the market may not be able to estimate the value of a listed market in italy at this moment .
in view of the fact that the interest of shareholders is considered the greatest interest , the decision to defer the listing is therefore made .
as for when the stock market is listed , sheng said that it depends on the market situation in the future european telecommunications market .
he said that from now until further , the 意大利 - 意大利 - 意大利 , italy , needs to conduct extensive investment activities in the world , so as to enable global telecommunications investment to better understand the strong performance and favorable prospects of italy 's ” .
according to the media report , the investment bank of “ , one of the world 's 意大利 全球 , agreed with 4.2亿 - 欧元 , italy , and italy to hold 10% - 股权 shares by the end of march , and the transaction is expected to be completed by the end of march this year .
china , myanmar enjoy good development momentum in economic , trade relations
xinhua news agency , yangon , february 12 , chinese ambassador to myanmar 管木 和 and economic and trade counselor tang hai - hai said here on the eve of his visit to myanmar that the economic and trade relations between china and myanmar are developing in a variety of forms and are developing in a healthy manner .
the chinese government has been willing to strengthen cooperation with myanmar in the fields of the five principles of peaceful coexistence , the chinese ambassador said .
tang hai - hai said that the high - level exchanges between the two countries have been maintained , and the two countries have effectively promoted the development of bilateral economic and trade cooperation .
during the two - state high - level exchange of visits 2004 , the two sides signed 33 documents on economic and trade cooperation , and most of them are carrying out and implementing the agreements .
he said : in 2004 , $ 11.4亿 billion was in the year 2004 , of which $ 12.09亿 billion was exported by 2005 , of which $ 9.35亿 billion was exported , and imports amounted to $ 2.74亿 billion .
in the bilateral trade , trade between china and burma reached $ 6.3亿 billion last year , up 14.6% percent over the previous year .
the myanmar government has become one of the major markets in china 's enterprises , which include the power station , the 电站 bridge and the factory of the plant ( 如 mill , 如 mill , 纺织厂 纺织厂 , 纺织厂 纺织厂 , 纺织厂 纺织厂 , 纺织厂 纺织厂 , 纺织厂 纺织厂 , 。 纺织厂 , 。 纺织厂 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 , .
the chinese enterprises have launched engineering operations in myanmar , which has led to the export of all kinds of complete sets of machinery and electronic products in china , and myanmar has become one of china 's major markets for export of complete sets of equipment and machinery and electrical products .
according to statistics from the chinese customs , the export of electromechanical products in china has accounted for about 45% percent of china 's total exports .
tang said myanmar 's resources are rich and china has begun to invest in the development of the mineral gas and gas industry , and the development of sino - myanmar economic and trade cooperation has great potential .
he hoped that chinese enterprises would have a long - term vision , learn from risks , and make good use of the project , and should ensure that the image of enterprises is completed as scheduled and to be completed in good quality for the country .
the ambassador and consul general of the chinese navy all believe that soe win will soon pay a visit to china , which is significant for promoting bilateral relations , promoting mutual political trust , promoting bilateral cooperation , and promoting the further development of sino - burmese good - neighborly relations .
the two sides will sign a number of agreements on economic and trade cooperation during the visit .
world bank to reduce debt to poorest countries
xinhua news agency , moscow , february 11 , world bank president wolfowitz said in moscow on 11 february that the world bank will completely exempt the debts of the poorest countries before the middle of this year .
wolfowitz held talks with the finance ministers of various countries attending the g8 meeting in moscow on the same day .
the statement issued after the meeting said that the world bank will implement a debt reduction and exemption plan before july 1 this year , which is now completing all technical work .
last year , the world bank donated a total of 28 countries to the debts owed by 28 countries , and said that they would fill the funds for the trust funds .
the amount of creditor 's rights in the international monetary fund is rather small , and the organization has been reduced and reduced from the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz welcomed russia 's decision to exempt 16 african countries from debt .
hdtv tv becomes mainstream in us
xinhua news agency , new york , february 12 ( reporter fan xiaolin ) with the constant decline in the price of a high resolution ( HDTV ) , the us television transmission organization has also stepped up its efforts to introduce a corresponding hdtv program .
the us “ ” , which just fell behind , has become a warm - up warm - up of the american broadcasting industry to the us broadcasting industry .
according to a recent report by caijing shibao , the us congress recently passed a bill stipulating that the american broadcasting industry must stop broadcasting the existing analogue television signals on 17 february , and can only broadcast digital signals .
this means that the comprehensive digitization of us television programs has already been a clear timetable .
on the one hand , the popularization of high - resolution digital television calls for purchasing television sets , while on the other hand , it depends on the production of a high - definition program .
although the number of people who have been repeatedly mentioned in the past few years has been repeatedly mentioned , they have never become reality .
this problem has taken a turn for the better this year .
according to the forecast of the us consumer electronics association , digital television sets this year will exceed the traditional television sets for the first time in the united states , and the number of digital tv sets will be high - resolution products .
japanese researchers develop new - type highly - efficient man - made kidney
xinhua news agency , tokyo , february 13 ( reporter qian zheng ) research personnel in japan 's east china sea research institute have developed a 代谢 - 代谢 肾 , which is also the same as the same 人类 , and also has the function of retaining the 成分 of the 成分 , and is likely to bring good luck to the patients in the light of the 肾病 .
according to a recent report by the " nikkei news , " the new development of biological - man kidney was mainly composed of two parts , which were 过滤 元 of 代谢 waste and water from blood in the blood , and the other was 细 尿 of the 中将 and 返回 of the 血液 .
人 人 and 人 尿 of “ 尿 were made from the 丝线 丝线 , and 人 人 尿 细胞 细胞 细胞 细胞 cells .
这种 淀粉 变性 淀粉 淀粉 淀粉 淀粉 淀粉 淀粉 淀粉 淀粉 淀粉 淀粉 淀粉 淀粉 , , 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 .
the liver drain is not completely removed and the functions of the 成分 are not readily available to the blood - 中 of the 血液 .
researchers used goats to carry out biological - man transplantation experiments in 山羊 , and the 中空 of the 中空 丝线 , which was used by man - made 肾 , was used .
two weeks later , researchers confirmed that man - made kidney had been able to function .
at present , they are developing biological - man - made kidney , which is currently in use , and will begin clinical research after verification .
china 's power safety production remains grim
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 13 ( reporter : 安 ) the state power supervision and management commission said on 13 february that although the power safety production situation remained stable in 2005 , the production safety of electricity still faced severe challenges .
the power safety of china 's electricity industry was stable , and the power supply was basically ensured , the national power safety and safety commission said .
however , he pointed out that with the changes in the situation of power supply and demand and the operation of a large number of new generating units , the power safety production will face new challenges .
the situation of electricity supply is still not effective , and the power supply system is still in a serious situation .
shi 玉波 said that with the deepening of the reform of the power system , many deep - seated contradictions will continuously expose the situation , and how to maintain the stability of the contingent of workers will become a new problem facing the workers .
the ministry of communications said that the power supply system should be further strengthened and improved , and the safety of power grids should be strengthened .
it is understood that the new situation in electric power safety management will be revised and improved this year . at the same time , the safety of the dam power plant and the two systems of the power generation system will be successively issued .
china 's total electricity consumption in 2005 reached 24689亿 - trillion kilowatt - hours , up 13.45% percent over the same period last year .
in the face of the situation of power supply and demand , the situation of coal , electricity , oil , and transportation has been conspicuous , and all power enterprises have earnestly adopted effective measures to strengthen equipment management , and the whole country has not yet made an extraordinarily serious equipment accident in the whole year .
the number of accidents was 74 times that of the power grid , with a total of 12.7 cases of accidents , a drop of 12.7 times from the previous year .
south africa envoy says south africa does not have any 组织 in 组织
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 13th , envoy d'affaires ad interim ( 使馆 亚琳 ) of south africa , minister of the south african embassy in china , said in an exclusive interview with xinhua on tuesday that there is no “ in the 南非 of south africa .
he said that the south african government will do its best to crack down on all forms of crime in the south african government .
he said that the south african government hopes to reduce the crime rate to zero , and hopes that the lives and property of every expatriate country in south africa will be fully protected by the local laws and the full protection of the citizens .
since 2006 , four chinese citizens have been killed in south africa , and the chinese world has expressed widespread concern over this .
the chinese foreign ministry has made representations to south africa on this issue and reminded the chinese citizens of south africa to further enhance their awareness of security precautions , strengthen unity among overseas chinese , and cooperate with police in cracking down on crimes .
“ expressed the deepest sympathy and condolences to the victims ' families .
“ said that we are sorry for this , and please also ask the chinese people to believe that the south african government is seriously investigating every case involving china .
according to the chinese embassy in south africa , south african police have successfully cracked a case in which chen 建青 , a woman in southern africa , was killed by a suspect in south africa on 5 february .
the police are hunting for another suspect .
according to the south african embassy in china , the criminal suspects who were suspected of shooting hong kong businessmen in january this year were arrested by south african police and the property of the victims was recovered .
when talking about the impact of chinese citizens ' murder , shen kang believes that these incidents are indeed a negative impact on trade between the two countries and other fields , but from a long - term perspective , the impact should not be big .
according to the south african embassy in south africa , the embassy was granted a visa to more than 2,000 chinese people in the first 15 days of this year .
according to the official statistics of the chinese government , south africa continues to maintain china 's position as china 's largest trading partner in africa by 2005 .
the bilateral trade volume reached $ 72.7亿 billion , up 23% percent over the same period last year .
however , the tourist circles believe that the incident of chinese citizens ' murder in 2004 has had a clear impact on china 's tourist arrivals .
according to statistics from south africa 's tourism bureau , chinese tourists from south africa to south africa were 20331 million in the first half of 2005 , down 14.9% percent compared with the same period last year .
there are 200,000 chinese living in south africa at present , and there are about 200,000 towns in south africa .
analysts here believe that the gap between the rich and the poor in the south is a big gap , the unemployment rate is high , and the flood of guns is not a deterrent , so the crime rate remains high .
because many chinese do not understand english , they have cash and family houses , and it is easier to become the target of criminal elements plotting to commit financial attacks .
hk to promote workplace english learning and training
xinhua news agency , hong kong , february 13 , the new scheme , launched by the hong kong special administrative region government , was launched on 13 february to enhance the standard of english in english .
this programme is a programme of learning english , a rich life and a rich life , including a series of publicity activities to promote the learning and training of english , and to further understand how to help employees improve their english standards .
as of now , the scheme has already supported nearly 2.5万 people to complete the workplace english training courses so that they can reach the benchmarks of the workplace english benchmarks .
the hong kong jockey club campaign was launched by the hong kong special administrative region government in 2000 .
an important project for workplace english training is the provision of workplace english training funding .
the scheme aims to help employees in the workplace to use english , to take part in the professional english proficiency level of the relevant categories of work , to meet the required occupations .
aids prevention in hebei province starts free of charge
xinhua news agency , shijiazhuang , february 14 , hebei province 's health department recently issued a " plan for the implementation of the hebei aids voluntary consultation and testing work plan " ( trial ) , which clearly stipulates the principle of free - and - confidential self - sufficiency in hiv - infected areas and the prevention of the disease .
the " plan " has provided the relevant follow - up service for hiv antibody testing and consultation , hiv antibody testing and voluntary consultation , and the protection of the legitimate rights and interests of hiv - infected patients .
the " plan " requires that the aids advisory and testing points be set up in the locations of convenient consulting personnel , and to protect the privacy of the consulting personnel , and to conduct one - on - one consultation .
the selection of the 选择 should be fully considered in the light of factors such as personal quality , knowledge of knowledge , and ability to exchange and exchange .
to protect the privacy of the consultant , the code or number of the code can be registered or registered .
the " plan " also requires the health administration departments at and above county level to release the list of medical and health organizations in the region to provide free medical examination and service for aids prevention and treatment of aids , and to facilitate the masses to understand the relevant information .
public security ministry 's confession of torture still remains focus of work
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 14 ( reporter meng na ) the ministry of public security 's deputy director of the public security bureau , zheng 百岗 , said at a press conference on the 14th that the so - called “ was not allowed to admit the crime of committing crimes in a way that was not suitable for criminal suspects .
the focus of the work of inspectors is to prevent these problems from happening .
he also pointed out that some international organizations have not completely 、 the chinese police 's understanding of the law enforcement situation in china .
the latest information provided by the ministry of public security on 14 june shows that the ministry of public security successively issued the " regulations on the application of the public security organs for the registration of public security organs " in 2004 , which ensured that the public security organs at the grass - roots level applied for the application of the measures for interrogation .
the police force , police inspector , and public security supervision and control center , and public security supervision and control centers , have been alerted and reminded to stop the crime of preventing the safety of the police .
in order to prevent the occurrence of law - enforcement problems at the source , police departments further extended their enforcement of the law enforcement law on the handling of the case of 传唤 , 110 , and 机动车 , and the information data on the case of 传唤 机动车 were investigated and checked .
sun yun - suan dies of illness in taipei
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 15 , sun yun - suan , honorary chairman of the taiwan strait exchange foundation , died in taipei early on the morning of 15 march because of acute acute respiratory failure and his failure .
on 11 november , sun yun - hsuan was born in 1913年 , shandong , and graduated from the electrical department of the harbin industrial and university electrical and mechanical university .
the meeting was presided over by 、 、 , the presidium of the 10 - 13 th central committee of the kuomintang , the 11th central standing committee of the 12th central committee of the cpc , and the presidium of the 15 th central committee of the cpc central committee .
he was appointed minister of transportation and transportation of the taiwan authorities , ” 经济部长 , minister of transportation , and minister of transportation , transportation , and transportation ” 、 .
heilongjiang to promote environmental impact assessment and countermeasures in songhua river pollution
xinhua news agency , harbin , february 16 ( reporter : tao tao ) to do a good job in the follow - up monitoring and control of the songhua river , the province will actively carry out the work of evaluating the ecological environment of the songhua river and implementing measures to assess the ecological environment .
the environmental protection and environmental impact assessment project , which is the first of all , has been completed in three stages , according to the provincial environmental protection bureau 's environmental protection bureau 's environmental protection bureau 's report on the ecological environment of the songhua river , which is organized by the state environmental protection administration .
at present , there are altogether 60 research institutes in heilongjiang province , with more than 60 research tasks being undertaken .
according to presentations , environmental protection departments and relevant scientific research institutions will work hard to solve the problems of the masses in an environment of emergency response to the emergency environment assessment and countermeasures .
the ministry of water and water , the songhua river , and the 消融 river , the songhua river , and the 消融 river , are studying the law on water supply and water supply in the songhua river .
heilongjiang province 's environmental protection department will also intensify the environmental monitoring of the songhua river and severely investigate and deal with environmental incidents causing serious pollution and illegal construction .
heilongjiang will dispatch an environment law enforcement personnel to urge the local authorities to supervise the comprehensive improvement of the environment of small river valleys and improve the environmental management system of 阿 汤 , which is a 呼 of the 流域 river .
beijing university set up mourning hall for wang xuan
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 15 ( reporter li 江涛 ) after several days of intense preparation , the mourning hall for the 100 th anniversary of beijing university was officially opened at 0900 on 15 february . as of noon on the 15 th , hundreds of people had come to the embassy to offer condolences .
at 8时 hours , the mourning time has not yet been opened , and dozens of people have been lined up outside the hall .
in a memorial hall commemorating the centennial anniversary of the centennial of beijing university , the reporter saw the black streamers hanging on the walls of the hall : “ deep mourning , “ 沉痛 .
the banner was a huge portrait of wang xuan , a dozen square meters , with a 遗像 of a 眼镜 , and a graceful and elegant temperament .
on both sides of the portrait , several hundred dragons were placed on both sides of the portrait .
one of the 挽联 couplets wrote : “ , a 奠基 of the chinese 巧 , sent off a blueprint for the contemporary bi - 毕 and bid farewell to the new era .
the mourning hall was filled with a musical background and a solemn atmosphere was filled with a heavy atmosphere .
among those who mourned the memorial , the friends of the beijing university and the teachers and students , and the 朋友 , 同事 , and others , were also present at the meeting .
some of them waved flowers and some flowers , and some of them wore a flower basket , wearing small bamboo bags , and walking slowly to the portrait of wang xuan 's portrait .
many people could not help but shed tears in tears .
zhang wenbin , who once served as director of the national cultural heritage bureau , was a veteran alumnus of beijing university , he told reporters that he was still working in henan province more than 10 years ago , and asked professor wang to report on scientific and technological innovation to the provincial party committee .
the 院士 of the “ , who is a person in the 选 , is a model for us to learn from , and he has made great contributions to the country and society .
professor kim ruilin of the law school of beijing university and professor wang xuan were old neighbors who were old friends for more than 40 years .
he was just discharged a few days ago and today , he insisted on making farewell to old friends .
when mr. jin wrote messages on his message , he checked his grief and tears on many occasions , with tears of his eyes .
he told this reporter that wang xuan 's life was very simple , and tong tong 's garden was already a professor . he had already been a professor , but he had already been very small in a small house .
later he moved to the place where he was 泽园 , and stayed in a place where he stayed in the 70 s and 70 s .
beijing university has given him a large house building at 蓝旗营 , 140 square meters , and he does not want to be a high - level housing , he does not want to be a senior housing .
mr. jin recalled with deep feeling that during his visit abroad , he offered a very high degree of treatment to foreign countries , but he was resolutely refused to be relieved .
at first , he insisted on not applying for an academician , and he went through the transfer of mr. zhou 培源 after several times of the exercise .
mr. wang , the 感触 is a very profound attitude toward cultivating young people , he has repeatedly emphasized that he has made many achievements , but now i am still looking at what i am doing , but we should rely on cultivating young people .
mr. jin said that when he was 50 years old , wang chose to foster young people , he stressed that he wanted to lay down the road , and he wanted to give up the young people to give way to the young people .
“ , a scientist , is very hard to say , ” .
reporters learned from the news center of the beijing university that from 9 am on 15 february to noon on 15 february , the mourning hall of the wang xuan group was open to the public for the public to offer condolences to the public .
wang xuan , academician of the chinese academy of sciences , who was praised as vice chairman of the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] , who was hailed as the vice chairman of the chinese academy of sciences , was born at 协和 hospital in beijing on 13 february at the age of 70 .
china to establish exchanges mechanism with chilean parliament
wu bangguo attends signing ceremony and signed agreement
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 15 , chinese vice - premier wu bangguo attended a ceremony to sign a political dialogue between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament on the afternoon of 15 february , and signed the agreement on the agreement on the establishment of political dialogue between the chinese people 's national congress and the chilean parliament .
the exchange mechanism between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament has been established .
it is understood that 罗梅罗 , president of the senate senate , and speaker of the house of representatives 阿森西奥 阿森西奥 have signed the agreement in santiago , chile .
according to the agreement , the two sides will establish a dialogue committee on the basis of the principles set forth in the sino - chilean joint communique on establishing diplomatic relations , establishing a dialogue committee between the two countries , and holding a dialogue committee in the two countries ' non - regular meetings .
chilean ambassador to china 卡夫 卡夫 and others attended the signing ceremony .
china to introduce regulations on protecting information network
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 15 , many websites , including reporters , have been quoted by a large number of news reports , including the news reports on the subscription of newspapers and magazines , but no fees for the copyright bureau , the copyright department of the state copyright bureau , and the state council 's copyright department .
wang ziqiang said that according to the existing laws and regulations , papers and periodicals published in newspapers and periodicals are not allowed to use the written statements of the author , and the state copyright bureau shall make a special effort to make the use of the works in accordance with the law .
however , according to the current law , the newspaper has the right to legally permit this legal permission , and the right to the internet is not entitled to the right to legally permit this .
the use of the legal system is to be used to provide a legal guarantee for the use of the internet .
but because of the judicial interpretation , the amount of the work was not paid in the internet , and the internet was not paid .
the “ of the internet is not applicable to the legal permission of the internet , and it is also necessary to determine the legal level of the use of these works .
wang ziqiang said : whether or not the “ has included it in the scope defined by the law , and the protection of the right to spread the information network , the regulations on the dissemination of information network to be promulgated this year have been affirmed .
russian military says georgian parliament 's resolution not to affect russian peace - keeping actions
xinhua news agency , moscow , february 15 ( reporter song 世益 ) russian defense ministry spokesman 谢多夫 谈话 told the media on 15 february that georgia 's parliament would not affect the peacekeeping operations of russian soldiers in the short term , and russian troops will continue to carry out peacekeeping missions in the southern ossetia region .
科科 科科 , chairman of the russian state duma affairs commission , said on the same day that georgia 's resolution would undermine the stability of the situation in the region and would have an adverse impact on russian - georgian relations .
he stressed that the resolution of georgia 's parliament has further moved the relations between the two countries to the direction of the deterioration of the relations .
he believes that georgia 's accusations against russia are absurd .
the georgian parliament passed a resolution on the same day demanding that russia 's peacekeeping forces stop their peacekeeping operations in yugoslavia 's 奥 , but no specific deadline for russia 's peacekeeping forces to withdraw from the 撤出 .
georgia 's parliament accused russian peacekeepers of failing to fulfill their obligations and regarded russia as a “ in the conflict in the conflict area .
the georgian parliament demanded that the government take active actions to take into account the current situation in the south ossetia conflict in the south ossetia region to replace the peacekeeping operations in the region .
the georgian parliament also instructed the government to revise relevant agreements on the stationing of russian peacekeeping personnel in the conflict area .
yugoslavia 's 梯 梯 is a autonomous prefecture of georgia , bordering the north ossetia republic of russia .
after the disintegration of the former soviet union , it declared independence and had a long - term confrontation with the central government of georgia .
at present , russia has a peacekeeping camp in the region .
this unit was stationed in the agreement on stationing the 四方 四方 四方 四方 四方 四方 四方 四方 四方 , the north ossetia of russia 's 、 、 .
four persons charged with major accident in hospital
xinhua news agency , changchun , february 16 ( reporter zhou 立权 ) after the extraordinarily serious fire in downtown jilin province , the accident investigation group confirmed 11 persons , including zhang 殿坤 , head of the hospital 's industrial utility squad , and others who were suspected of serious negligence .
on 15 december 2005 , a fire broke out at the hospital 's ━━ hospital , which was the largest hospital in 辽源市 county , causing 39 deaths .
in this fire , the area of fire was over 5,000 square meters .
it is understood that this is the largest fire accident in the country since the founding of new china .
according to investigation , at around 1600 hours on the day of the accident , the hospital suddenly collapsed , and if the power station was designed to make a decision , the power gates would be automatically transferred to the deputy gate .
at that time , the underground cables on the ground were 线 , and a dozen or so cable lines were wrapped together , and they were put in a neat and neat manner , and they should be set up to fire fire - prevention layers .
the retired officer , mr 赵 赵 , who was the head of the 57 - year - old textile company , was hired by the retired worker of the electric power bureau of the 电业 电业 电业 电业 医院 医院 医院 医院 医院 医院 医院 医院 医院 。 。 。 .
china 's village tourism in guizhou , guizhou , 贵州
guiyang , february 16 ( xinhua ) a young child of 天龙 village , 平 county , guizhou province , was wearing holiday best in the morning of 16 february , with a smile on his face .
at 10 : 30 am , the 五谷 - 年 activities ended after the end of the year 's old age , and the 80 - year - old old man , who wore the 青色 长衫 , sounded the first 锣 in china 's village tourism .
the 天龙 village is a typical representative and a typical demonstration of the tourist destination for village tours in guizhou .
as the offspring of the ming dynasty during the ming dynasty , more than 600 years have passed since the 后裔 屯 人 人 人 屯 .
here , people can see the blue long sleeves , a person with a long beard , a ancient han dynasty culture and costumes , and preserved in the castle peak village in tuen mun .
it is understood that 天龙 village has developed the cultural tourism of village culture from 2002 to the end of 2005 , with only nt $ 380万 - billion in 2005 , and the peasants ' per capita income has been increased from over 1,300 yuan in 2002 to 2640 yuan by 2005 .
the new 风尚 , which is the theme of the new 农村 , will be held in guizhou province this year , according to the report .
so far , over 130 villages have carried out various rural tourist projects , and the province has passed the development of more than 600,000 households by 2005 through developing tourism .
housing prices in 70 cities in january rise in shanghai , housing prices continued to decline
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 16 , housing prices in 70 large and medium cities in the country rose by 5.5% percent in january , up 0.7 percentage points from the previous month .
shanghai 's housing prices continue to slide .
the nbs said the prices of most of the 70 large and medium cities rose slightly in january , with the rise in the city 's 、 , the largest increase in the year , and the price of the shanghai housing market fell by 0.4% percent .
according to statistics , the price of shanghai 's housing sales in the first quarter of last year rose by 19.1% percent , and that of the second half of last year showed a downward trend , showing a slight decline in the second half of last year .
the price of newly built residential housing in 70 large and medium cities rose by 0.2 percentage points in january compared with the same period last year .
the new housing housing , which is a higher increase in the number of new houses , is a 下降 - million - year - old 北京 北京 北京 北京 北京 , 大连 呼和浩特 , 大连 呼和浩特 , 大连 city , 大连 city , shanghai .
the central organization department urged further supervision over the work of selecting , appointing , and appointing leading cadres
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 16 , the central organization department recently issued a series of opinions on strengthening cadre supervision .
the party organizations at all levels should set up a mechanism for supervising and inspecting cadres and the selection and appointment of cadres in accordance with the law .
the main task of the organization departments is to supervise the leading bodies and leading cadres , and the focus is to strengthen supervision over leading bodies , and to supervise and inspect the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres in the party and government and to carry out the " regulations on selecting and appointing party and government leading cadres " .
in supervising the leading bodies and leading cadres , they should make unremitting efforts to educate and promote education in ideals and convictions , to educate and supervise the education , and to guide and supervise leading cadres to cultivate their party spirit and moral defense .
when making a speech on the cadres who are newly promoted , they should set clear requirements on their self - discipline .
we should urge leading bodies at all levels to uphold democratic centralism , establish and improve rules and procedures for making decisions on the basis of discussing affairs , and conscientiously implement the system of combining collective leadership with individual responsibilities .
we should give prominence to the supervision of leading bodies of leading bodies , and responsible persons of the organization ( personnel ) departments , and should talk to the leading bodies of the next level to understand the situation in their ideological work and other aspects .
we should establish and improve the system of routine management of leading cadres , and conduct regular understanding and analysis of the ideological style of leading cadres and put forward the views and measures of solving problems .
the system of admonitory education and correspondence and correspondence between leading cadres and the system of persuasion and admonition should be found in timely fashion .
we should seriously investigate and understand the conspicuous problems that the masses have reflected , and should give criticism to the relevant organizations , such as the transfer of discipline , the corresponding situation , and the corresponding organizational handling of the cases .
at the same time , we should combine strengthening supervision with encouraging cadres to boldly explore and innovate in the field of innovation and innovation , and to pay attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the opinions require that all levels of organization ( personnel ) departments should earnestly strengthen supervision over the selection and appointment of leading party and government cadres .
we should further improve the supervision measures for recommending and recommending nominations for cadres , and to strictly handle the selection and appointment of cadres , to ensure that the cadres are reliable in their work of political integrity , and to provide strong support to the leading posts of the masses in their work .
we should strengthen inspection of the regulations on appointing cadres , and strictly investigate and deal with violations of the regulations on appointing cadres and resolutely check unhealthy trends and corrupt phenomena in the personnel appointments .
the system of supervision and inspection of the problem of serious violation of regulations and regulations should be implemented , and the supervision and inspection of the problem should be intensified .
we should establish and perfect a system for affixing responsibility for the work of selecting and appointing cadres , and scientifically define the responsibility of the responsibility of selecting and appointing cadres in various links in the work of selecting , appointing , and appointing cadres , and to make them more effective in investigating and affixing the responsibility .
and give full play to the role of the masses in supervising and establishing a mechanism for reporting the highly efficient and efficient safety of the “ .
we should give full play to the role of supervision by public opinion , and timely inform the media about the relevant situation in selecting and appointing cadres and accept supervision by public opinion .
the opinions put forward the need to further improve the mechanism of coordination of cadres ' supervision work .
the organization department of the organization ( personnel ) departments should strengthen cooperation with discipline inspection organs , establish a system of contact and management with the discipline inspection organs in the aspect of improving party style and clean government , and strengthen the supervision and coordination of the work of the discipline inspection organs .
in conjunction with discipline inspection organs , the inspection organs should meticulously carry out inspection work , improve inspection methods , improve inspection systems , and improve the quality of inspection .
in conjunction with auditing organs , the auditing organs should conscientiously implement the system of auditing the economic responsibilities of leading cadres .
and improve the internal supervisory mechanism for the cadre departments and cadres .
taiwan authorities punish high - tech leading enterprises with illegal investments
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 16 ( reporter chen 键兴 ) the taiwan authorities ' economic affairs department decided on 15 february to punish the new taiwan dollar , one of the 雄 - 雄 - 雄 , and the new taiwan dollar , which was 500万 million yuan , for the purpose of building a 舰 in the mainland .
taiwan 's " chung - kuo shih - pao " reported that this is chen shui - bian 's first case of the " taiwan independence " policy that has been put out by chen shui - bian and the taiwan authorities have imposed fines on taiwan businessmen investing in the mainland .
according to reports , the 人士 , a 人士 , said that the joint wire was fined by the 受罚 , which was a violation of the provisions of the regulations on investment or technological cooperation between the people of the two sides of the strait .
in the future , “ , a “ , will also be fined by the chairman of the board of directors of the couplet , robert tsao , former chairman of the board of directors of the couplet .
the ” , ” , started its raid on the house of 检 , which was launched by the taiwan prosecutors office in february 2005 , and called joint electricity and human resources 涉嫌 技术 technology and human resources .
tsao , then chairman of lianhe broadcasting board , openly stated that joint electricity - telecom does not violate any regulations of the taiwan authorities , and combined electricity from the ship technology to the ship 's technology is to provide a long - term interest in the mainland market .
after that , the taiwan authorities ' financial supervision and management committee was ordered to impose new nt $ 3 - million on the new taiwan dollar under the pretext of violating the relevant commercial information disclosure regulations .
on january 9 , 2006 , the board of directors of the joint cable service board accepted robert tsao 's resignation , robert tsao was formally indicted for the suspected investment in the mainland several hours later .
the joint power and taiwan - based electronics electronics company ( 简称 ) said taiwan 's “ 雄 ” is a high - tech leading enterprise on the island .
the series of actions that the taiwan authorities have made in the past year have been paid close attention by all circles on the island to the investigation and handling of the issue of the couplet .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) china 's second largest “ essay contest in the world
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 17 ( reporter li kun ) the organizing committee of the second “ 我 大赛 大赛 , the second “ , announced in beijing on 17 march that the chinese people 's writing of “ works in the hearts of the chinese people in the world is subject to the theme of the " “ " in the hearts of the chinese people .
the essays were jointly sponsored by the macao foundation and the literary and art publishing house , which was jointly sponsored by the macao foundation and the hundred flowers and flowers publishing house , and chen meritorious , vice chairman of the chinese writers association .
in 2004 , the first “ 大赛 大赛 大赛 , the first “ of macao , held an exhibition of the 澳门 essays in the motherland , which was actively responded to the organizing committee 's award .
the macao sar government 's executive committee , which is in the world 's cultural heritage site , has been listed as a 传承 and 发展 , and the chinese government has decided to set up a new world cultural heritage year in macao , the macao sar government said in a press briefing on 17 july .
wu said that the " 海外版 " , the " 海外版 " and the " 散文 " , which was the second largest in the world , have been decided to cooperate with the macao sar in the new era .
according to presentations , the draft of the competition this september will be the draft of the " 海外版 overseas edition " and will open a special column on the column of the column .
after the selection results were announced , the award presentation ceremony will be held in the macao special administrative region early 2007 .
shandong successfully implemented an example of maternal heart transplant operation
xinhua news agency , jinan , february 17 ( zhang yuqing ) the 研究所 - cardiovascular disease research institute of the jinan military region has recently successfully carried out a child transplant operation .
in the intensive care room on 17 july , reporters saw that the 51 - day infant face was 红润 , all monitoring and inspection indexes were normal , and the operation was smoothly tested in the critical period of the operation .
according to a doctor at 接诊 , the children from 泰安 village in 泰安 county , shandong province were sent to the hospital to be patient and breathe , and they were diagnosed with congenital congenital heart disease , with the disease being diagnosed with congenital heart disease .
the heart of the heart is the most complicated operation in heart surgery , the most complex operation of heart surgery .
in particular , the liver transplant operation under one year under age is still void .
the 济南 medical institute of the jinan military region organized experts to repeatedly appraise the operation and the operation plan , and made independent innovations in the form of the operation and the animal - based 监护 .
at 8 : 00 a. m . on 28 december 2005 , the operation officially began .
the baby was killed by a baby who had died of respiratory handicap .
the operation was in line with six blood vessels , and 510 of the 针 were 针 , and each 一针针 was not over 3 mm .
the operation was a complete success for 29.5 minutes later .
major accidents in coal mine , coal mine , coal mine , coal mine
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 17 , the situation in the past year has been a major task of the national security supervision work , which has been a major task of the national security supervision work .
the reporter learned from the state administration of safety production supervision that it is necessary to really check the large - scale accidents involving coal mine and other major accidents , and the coal mines are the most important of them .
the state administration of coal mine safety will pay close attention to the following three issues this year :
the 。 continued to fight tough battles .
the gas management will be put in a prominent position this year .
if the mine pits are not implemented before the mine is put into practice , it will be ordered to immediately stop immediately after the mine is withdrawn .
the ―― continued to fight tough battles and closed down the battle .
it is necessary to make public a public notice of 个 , and more than 700 coal mine pits that have recently been reported to the public .
we should regard closing close to the close of work as a regular work , constantly closing down coal mines that undermine the environment of pollution , and do not have safety conditions .
the coal mine safety foundation should be strengthened .
we should immediately correct the establishment of standardized safety management systems for small mines that are in charge of the management of small state - owned mines and to guide and manage poorly - managed state - owned mines .
in particular , we must pay attention to state - owned key coal mines , and absolutely not allow excess overload of the workforce to produce more than the upper - level staff .
the number of accidents in production safety in this year is 3% percent , down from 3% percent in the previous year .
the major accidents that have been killed and more than 10 people have dropped by 5% percent , of which the coal mine dropped by 7% percent .
these control targets have already been assigned to the provincial people 's governments and various localities are divided into various levels and are divided into the grass - roots units and enterprises .
statistics show that the coal mine accident in the country in 2005 was 5986 , down 0.7% percent compared with the same period last year .
however , the number of people killed and more than 10 people was raised to the surface , and the number of deaths was 66.6% .
barroso calls for compromise in kosovo 's future
xinhua news agency , belgrade , february 17th ( reporter he yi ) news from pristina : president of the european commission , jose manuel barroso , said in pristina , capital of kosovo , he hoped that the parties concerned would make preparations for the future process of the future negotiations in kosovo and to make efforts to eventually build a democratic and multi - ethnic integration .
the president said that the kosovo parties should be tolerant and multi - ethnic and the kosovo issue should be recognized by the international community .
he also stressed that the european commission will do its best to help kosovo develop .
barroso also expressed his concern over the difficulties faced by kosovo in the eight standards of democracy , which is currently being implemented by the united nations .
he believes that the implementation of these standards is the key factor affecting the integration of kosovo and europe .
he also called on all serbian people in kosovo to join the kosovo organization to make positive contributions to the realization of democracy and the integration of the ethnic groups .
barroso arrived in pristina , capital of kosovo , for a one - day visit .
prior to this , barroso visited croatia and serbia and montenegro , and he will also visit macedonia and bosnia - herzegovina .
( the winter olympics ) news analysis : the dispatch of yan yan is likely to end up
xinhua news agency , turin , february 17 , news analysis : the dispatch of yan yan to the incident may not end up leaving the case
xinhua news agency , gao ying , ding ying ,
even though italy repeatedly said that the olympic winter games were found to be in prison during the winter olympics , the 运动员 of the olympic games was likely to face the 灾 of “ , the first 兴奋剂 of the current olympic games , and the 主角 运动员 运动员 运动员 , the first stimulant of the olympic games .
the first stimulant scandal in turin 's winter games was exposed on 16 july , and the 奥.派列娃 was found to have banned drug use .
the international olympic committee announced the following day that the 列娃 had been expelled from the winter olympics , and the 银牌 women , a woman , won the silver medal in the olympic games 15 kilometers away from the winter olympics .
the international alliance of 联盟 , the international union of 冬季两项 , made a decision on the prohibition of the ban on the ban on the ban on children for two years .
the ioc has been required to have the olympic games be used in the olympic games , and will be stripped of its results and was stripped of its qualification , but it is not subject to legal sanctions .
the french law is a criminal act , which is a criminal act , which is a criminal act .
the international olympic committee and the italian government finally agreed to reach an agreement after a year of 讨价还价 bargaining , and the two sides agreed to deal with the doping incident in accordance with italy 's law .
the italian side made a concession in four days before the opening of the olympic games , promised that police would not enter the olympic village in the olympic village , but the doping test will still be accepted by the italian prosecutors .
the italian government has been handing over 列娃 doping events to turin prosecutors , said the official .
however , the international olympic committee and the 佩斯坎特 have yet to confirm this .
the russian 冬季两项 队 透露 , a russian 队 , disclosed at noon on 17 november that the dispatch of 列娃 has left turin and returned home .
chinese sports officials who have worked in the world anti - doping agency for years , said the incident would end up without delay , and this matter could be left unsolved without delay .
shi said that the international olympic committee and the italian government have never completely resolved the problem of doping in the winter olympics , and even if the italian prosecutors are involved in this matter , it is hard to say that the results are also hard to come .
according to the penalties imposed by italy on the use of stimulants in the past , the maximum penalty for banned drugs was only two years reprieve .
therefore , senior italian 记者 社 said that the possibility of sending 列娃 to jail is very slim , and it is at most a fine at most .
皮埃里 also said that although the italian court could not be tried in a absent trial , italian police could not send the 列娃 to the jail for their sentences .
if the italian side refuses to accept the verdict , the italian side will not have any way to do it .
new sars outbreak continues to occur in all countries
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 18 , xinhua news agency , a reporter from the xinhua news agency , reported that the avian flu spread further in the african continent .
the world health organization confirmed on 17 march that egypt had three bird flu cases in three areas of egypt .
in europe , france has also discovered the 禽流感 bird flu virus , and europe 's high degree of vigilance against the disease has strengthened the prevention of epidemic disease .
the world health organization ( who ) has discovered bird flu virus in egypt 's central 中部 and three southern areas in southern egypt , the who said in a press release on sunday .
the experts pointed out that egypt is an important route for migratory birds in the middle east and north africa to bring the virus into hong kong .
egypt has announced that it will ban imports of live poultry from abroad and strengthen quarantine at border ports .
the 。 chicken farm in the capital of yaounde was killed in a week of more than 800 chickens in the past week .
cameroon has decided to suspend all poultry and pork from nigeria , which is the first bird flu epidemic , to suspend the quarantine of poultry and related products in the border markets of the two countries .
the government has also set up a monitoring network covering a whole country within a short period of time , the 巴斯德 center and the state 兽医学 laboratory in the country , and is in the state of emergency for the laboratory to conduct laboratory tests on the H5N1 virus .
in europe , denmark , sweden and sweden , the outbreak was initially ruled out on 17 july .
swedish veterinary institute released the test results of the dead swan that discovered wednesday that the swedish swan virus had not been infected with bird flu .
the danish veterinary authority confirmed that the three dead swans found in the country were not infected with bird flu virus , the veterinary authority said in a preliminary report .
however , the agricultural sector said that denmark still cannot take it lightly .
romania has already been infected with bird flu in the past three years , and it is likely that the danube delta will be threatened by bird flu in the next three years or five years , he said .
in bangladesh , the government has taken all necessary measures to prevent avian flu .
the government has provided relevant information on prevention of avian influenza and organized poultry farmers to train the poultry .
( newspaper clippings ) china 's first sharing of blood information management system completed in zhejiang
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 18 , china 's first sharing of blood information management control network has been officially completed and put into use in the center , according to the provincial blood center .
the blood center in zhejiang province said that it would be a unique code of blood for any citizen in zhejiang to donate blood for blood in any county in zhejiang province .
the responsible person further explained that if the relevant code of data is not available , the system will be kept in line with the blood conditions of the time , and it will be inappropriate to make blood this time .
this is not only a way to protect the health of the 献血者 itself but also to protect the health and safety of the 者 .
in addition , when the blood supply is tense , the number of people having priority in the 献血者 and their families will be able to show the 信息 of the message , and it is convenient to show that it is convenient to be able to get the information .
according to hangzhou 's " morning news " today , this information system has been put into use in all 36 blood organizations in the province , and blood resources for blood collection organizations throughout the province can also be displayed real - time and achieved data sharing .
11 villages evacuated in 11 villages in the philippines
xinhua news agency , manila , february 18 , philippine eastern philippines , 11 villages in eastern philippines , said the philippines urgently evacuated from the mountain landslide incident in 11 villages .
官员 官员 , a south - south official , said that the village of the village of 滑坡 , which occurred on the 17th , is similar to that of the mountain city on the 17th .
residents of 11 villages left out will be placed in seven evacuated centers .
the government ordered the residents to evacuate from the village yesterday , but they also sent people to check the villages because some people did not want their homes to leave their homes , 莱里亚斯 said .
on the 17th , the mountain landslide occurred in a village in southern 莱特省 town of 莱特省 town in southern 莱特省 town , southern 莱特省 , from footage on television . it was only seen that the entire village was buried in the 泥土 and rocks .
the 。 of the 泥土 is a very strong and 。 , .
at present , 109 people have been killed and 57 were rescued .
according to estimates , the death toll caused by this accident may reach 1,800 people .
( overseas chinese ) , fujian 's hometown of overseas chinese , quanzhou , fujian province , january exports up 35.2% percent year on year
fuzhou , february 19 , xinhua ( reporter : guo yu ) the province 's foreign trade export continued to grow at a high rate of high - speed growth in january this year .
according to customs statistics , in january january , quanzhou was exported to 3.3亿 billion us dollars , making the best record in history , up 35.2% percent over the same period last year , higher than the average growth rate of the whole province .
according to the analysis of the quanzhou city foreign trade bureau , the reason for the high growth in foreign trade in january january was mainly attributed to the high - tech export support of quanzhou , and the brisk operation of the economy , and the rapid and smooth development environment of the enterprise .
