two laptop computers in the coroner 's cause of death investigation
london , june 6
the london daily daily pointed out that two records of the two records recorded in the accident of the death of princess diana in 1997 were stolen from the office of police chief of police in the past .
the report pointed out that this burglary triggered a confidential information from the former chief of police general sir sir sir 爵士 .
however , a spokesman for a police station said that there was no sensitive information in the computer or related information .
sir edward 爵士 is the director of the 诺桑 of the united kingdom , and his office is located in the 一带 area .
the report said that agents from the asia - pacific bureau had been tracking two burglary cases over the past 10 days .
it took place on january 28 to 29 , including computers and cash , and the second case occurred last week .
the police also said there was no evidence indicating that the two cases were related to the work of sir 文生 .
史蒂文生 has been investigating the cause of the death of princess diana .
a post - mortem was conducted in 2004 to continue tracing the evidence .
princess diana died in a paris tunnel accident on august 31 , 1997 , and she was also killed and her wife fayed and driver .
after two years of investigation , the french police believed that the driver was drunk after driving and taking drugs , causing a loss of control .
sri lankan warring warring parties agree to negotiate in geneva
afp , 伦 .
norway said that the sri lankan warring groups agreed to start negotiations in geneva , switzerland on the 22 nd to resolve the impasse in the negotiations between the parties to seek the end of several decades of racial bloodshed .
norway 's special envoy for peace , 索尔海姆 索尔海姆 , met with 巴拉辛汗 巴拉辛汗 , a member of the tiger liberation tigers in london , after the meeting .
in a statement in a statement , the norwegian government said that the sri lankan government and the tigers of tamil eelam ( ltte ) had demanded that the norwegian government help to hold talks in geneva on february 22 for a two - day talks .
the two - day talks will focus on how to strengthen the cease - fire agreement which came into effect on february 23 , 2002 .
the norwegian embassy pointed out that the two sides will discuss how to improve the cease - fire agreement , which is also the first time for the two sides to conduct face - to - face talks at such a high level in three years .
索尔海姆 said he would lead the norwegian team to take part in the negotiations , and the four representatives of the tigers of tamil eelam ( ltte ) led by the sri lankan government led by the minister of health led the sri lankan government .
he said that “ is a small step toward peace , but the process of negotiations is expected to be difficult .
the first face - to - face talks between sri lanka and sri lanka were held in japan in march 2003 , but the 虎 tigers , which were originally scheduled to be held in thailand for the seventh round of talks in april 2003 , were abolished .
south korea and south korea join hands in winter olympics
seoul , jan 10 , 2007
the 20 th winter olympic games opened today in dubai , capital of south korea , and south korea and north korea .
south korea 's women 's speed skating player li 宝拉 , with the north korean men 's popularity skating team skating athlete han 政仁 , served as the head of the two countries ' teams and led south korea 's north korean team to enter the winter olympic games stadium .
this is the first time for south korea and north korea to join the olympic games .
in order to reflect the spirit of unity between the two sides over the past few years , the sydney summer olympic games and the athens summer olympic games held in athens were all together .
north korea did not attend the 19 th winter olympic games held in salt lake city in the united states .
the korean peninsula was split into a north korean and communism in 1948 , and the two sides hostile to each other during the 1950 - 1953 war .
after the summit meeting of leaders of the north and south korean leaders in 2000 , the relations between the two sides became better .
according to the tradition , the greek delegation is the first country to enter the country , and the 80 - member south korea is the 22 nd country of the north korean country .
the landlord 国义 代表队 is the last leg of the event . when the italian team entered the stadium , the event burst into thunderous cheers and cheers .
霍夫曼 , who has been indulged in a good time for the performing arts ,
new york , april 16
公认 , who was recognized as the most hopeful winner of this year 's oscar - winning film , revealed that he had been addicted to drugs and alcohol in the year of 轻狂 . fortunately , he could not extricate himself from drug and wine .
霍夫曼 said during his interview with 哥伦比亚 分钟 , a press magazine of cbs , that during the period of the period , it was really unscrupulous to get drugs and wine .
at that time , he was only 20 years old , just graduated from the drama department of the new york university , entered the society of 五光十色 , and moved fast in daily life .
when he entered the age of 22 when he was 22 years old , he stopped the alcohol and smoked drug , and was the most fearful period of his life .
in the oscar presentation ceremony for the next month , 霍夫曼 诠释 , a movie player from the united states , said that the white paper on the role of american writer ” ” was considered the best actor .
before that , his superb acting acting had been affirmed by many awards , including the best male actor award .
the 38 - year - old actor said that if no one was determined to change the habit of being well - known before becoming famous , he might not have been nominated by an oscar .
he said he was envious of those beautiful actors who were in the age of 19 .
four days of bird flu in europe
brussels , april 16
the avian flu virus has been kept in europe , causing anxiety .
the european commission ( eu ) executive committee adopted a re - establishment of the “ buffer zone to bring all the regions of the virus into management , and ban all of the birds from all the birds .
on the eighth day of the deadly virus discovered in nigeria , nigeria has expanded to more chicken farms , showing signs that it has crossed the northern border into nepal .
egyptian officials are investigating the killing of a chicken farm in a chicken farm in southern china , which is worrying that the virus might continue to spread .
the european union 's chicken market has been affected by the virus .
the executive committee of the executive committee of the executive committee said that the public is very concerned about this matter , but it is not necessary to respond too much to the matter .
the eu executive committee also gave new regulations to the european union ( eu ) and the european union ( eu ) , the european union ( eu ) and the european union .
an eu official who declined to be named pointed out that everyone was very nervous , and they were handling the news from various european countries and suspected that the epidemic had broken out .
ukraine and russia have found traces of 病毒 virus , almost all of the wild swans found in the european territory of 克罗埃西亚 , greece , and ukraine , 奥地利 希腊 斯洛维尼亚 乌克兰 乌克兰 乌克兰 乌克兰 乌克兰 乌克兰 乌克兰 乌克兰 乌克兰 乌克兰 乌克兰 乌克兰 希腊 希腊 希腊 希腊 希腊 希腊 希腊 希腊 希腊 希腊 希腊 希腊 希腊 希腊 希腊 保加利亚 保加利亚 保加利亚 保加利亚 保加利亚 保加利亚 保加利亚 保加利亚 保加利亚 保加利亚 保加利亚 保加利亚 .
romania discovered 31 cases on 16 june , 斯洛维尼亚 、 , austria 's 、 , and germany 's 鲁根岛 鲁根岛 .
in the southern part of italy , the virus was found in two ducks , which was the first wild swan virus in the european area .
the eu officials are most worried about the upcoming migratory birds .
nigeria is stepping up its efforts to prevent virus transmission from the african continent .
nigerian government announced that all poultry birds within five kilometres of the infected farms were destroyed by the virus , no matter whether they were threatened by virus .
the japanese government has announced that the country has entered a state of alert and 提拨 million us dollars of emergency plans to monitor border borders with nigeria .
the newly established national emergency emergency committee said they received reports from the two countries , and nearly 400 birds were killed and nearly 400 birds died .
new regulation on china 's electronic banking business will come into force on march 1
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 6 ( reporter han jie xu 博 ) the reporter learned from the china banking regulatory commission on 6 february that the " procedures for the management of electronic banking business " recently issued by the cbrc and the " guidelines for evaluating electronic banking security " will come into effect on 1 march 2006 .
a spokesman for the cbrc said that in accordance with the provisions of the management procedures , the relevant examination and approval methods of foreign financial institutions are basically unchanged , that is , foreign banks are allowed to apply for a new online banking business , which should be submitted to the main report of the bank for examination .
in order to standardize the use of the internet by commercial banks , the people 's bank of china promulgated the " provisional procedures for the management of internet banking business " in june 2001 .
the banking regulatory commission said that with the continuous development of commercial banks ' e - banking business , the provisional procedures could not meet the demands of the electronic banking risk supervision , and the cbrc formulated two new regulations .
according to a spokesman for the cbrc , the banking regulatory commission 's confirmation of the qualifications of the safety assessment institutions is not a necessary condition for evaluating the safety of the electronic banking industry , which is not an assessment of the organization of the banking sector , as a reference for the financial institutions .
as long as the security assessment agency meets the relevant requirements and requirements , even if it has not been confirmed by the cbrc , the financial institutions can also employ their electronic banking safety assessments , but they should manage them according to relevant regulations .
article 9 of the " procedures for the management of electronic banking business " consists of nine chapters and nine articles , including nine parts of the general provisions of the general provisions , including the management of the management of 风险 , the management of 风险 , and the management of the management of 风险 .
the " guidelines for assessing the security of electronic banking " consist of five chapters and five articles , which are the management and supplementary provisions for the implementation of the safety assessment and supplementary provisions of the security assessment organization of 、 security assessment agencies .
" mao zedong , zhu shaoqi , zhu 德 , and deng xiaoping " published the publication of publication and research
xinhua news agency , beijing , 6 february ( xinhua ) -- in the book " mao zedong , deng xiaoping , mao zedong , and deng xiaoping , " editor - in - charge of the literature research center of the cpc central committee , published a book recently published by the central literature publishing house .
carrying out investigations and studies in depth and persisting in integrating theory with reality , and from this is the basic experience and basic method of the cpc leading revolution to carry out and implement the correct line , principles , and policies .
mao zedong , mao zedong , liu shaoqi , deng xiaoping , deng xiaoping , and other revolutionaries of the older generation made many important and incisive expositions on the investigation and study of the problems of the older generation , and they also frequently conducted social surveys at the grassroots level .
the practice and results of the investigation and study have played an important role in guiding the cause of the party and the people .
" mao zedong , zhu shaoqi , mao zedong , deng xiaoping , and chen yun wrote a book entitled " the analects of mao zedong , the analects of mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation , " and the third part was mao zedong , mao zedong , and deng xiaoping .
most of these reports were made public for the first time .
in addition , there were two reports on the investigation and study conducted by central leaders of the central leaders in the 1950 s and 1960 s .
russia reiterates adherence to one - china policy
xinhua news agency , moscow , february 6 , russian deputy foreign minister alexander alexeyev reiterated on 6 february that russia adheres to the one - china policy .
alekseyev said that russia has taken note of chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence .
the russian government has consistently adhered to the one - china principle and has firmly supported china 's efforts to realize the great cause of national reunification .
last year , after china 's national people 's congress adopted the " anti - secession law , " russia took the lead in openly expressing its support for it .
he said that the russian foreign ministry will issue a statement as soon as possible to reiterate the one - china stand and oppose taiwan independence .
third chinese compatriot killed in south africa
xinhua news agency , johannesburg , february 6 ( reporter chen ming ) chinese foreign nationals residing in fuqing , china 's fujian province , were injured by local militants after their operation on the morning of 5 february local time , and died on the morning of the 6 th at the 医院 hospital in south africa .
according to feng yang , president of the chinese federation of the chinese people 's federation , the incident occurred at a bar of more than 130 kilometers northwest of the northwest .
at that time , the shop owner , lin 义兴 , was cleaned up inside the house and prepared to end his business day .
at that time , there were three customers in the shop , one of the customers pulled out of the gun , and the robbery was carried out .
lin 义兴 , a 40 - year - old man , fought a battle with the ruffians , and the culprits fired a shot and fled afterwards .
the local people , who rushed to the scene , rushed to the hospital to treat lin 义兴 and died of blood 渗 from the 全身 blood vessel , which was 弥漫 on the morning of 6 february .
on 6 february , xu zhongtian , chinese consulate general in 约堡 , and lin changming , vice chairman of the south africa association of south africa , rushed to 布隆方丹 county to assist the families of the deceased to handle the aftermath of the incident .
lin 义兴 was the third chinese who was gunned down by the robbers within 36 hours , and was also the fourth chinese who was killed in south africa this year .
( newspaper clippings ) shanghai : part - time personnel and college graduates become the main force of work for hours
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 7 , the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau ( 局 ) issued the latest policy on the first half of 2006 , with a number of 120 jobs , up 11 percent over the previous year .
according to a relevant expert from the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau , shanghai 's industrial workers have already exceeded one million .
according to a report by zhongguo qingnian bao , college graduates and part - time personnel are the main components of an hour - long work force .
through direct investigation of nearly 8,000 hours of work , half of them were part - time personnel and their ratio reached 51.1% .
the cultural level of part - time workers is generally higher , mainly engaged in technical work , such as interpreters , part - time personnel , and 健身 - million people .
high income is one of the major reasons for many people to engage in jobs for hours .
it is understood that the monthly income of individual posts can reach tens of thousands of yuan , and it will be difficult to ask for a monthly salary of more than 2,000 hours .
it is also an important reason why to satisfy the individual 's interest in expanding its knowledge .
mr. gu , who is manager of the human resources department of a certain enterprise , will take several hours to handle the financial account of a foreign representative office every week .
mr. gu believes that the biggest gain in part is to continuously update their knowledge and have the opportunity to deal with another area , and of course , the income of each month is also attractive .
because of the low employment threshold for some hours , the flexible and freely free work forms are gradually being favored by many graduates who are seeking jobs , and 14% are secondary school graduates .
at the beginning , i did not want to make an hour - long work , but i felt that it was better for the dprk to work in the evening of the 9 th .
after graduating from university , huang graduated from the university .
“ , i am quite satisfied with the current work , one hour is 100 yuan , and the environment is good , i want to find several hours of work .
it has been learned that the hour - long work has become an important way for some graduates who are working hard to accumulate jobs and improve their communication skills .
the number of graduates is mainly concentrated in the knowledge of knowledge and skills , such as highly professional translation posts , such as highly professional translation posts , 浓厚 performing performing arts , and 比例 respectively .
some of the post - secondary jobs are not high enough , such as the sales of food marketing agents , and the unemployed personnel who can be selected through simple training .
data showed that the proportion of the unemployed workers was 39% , of which the proportion of the unemployed in the retail sector was as high as 68.4% , and the proportion of food and clothing was 58.7% , an important channel for unemployed personnel to employment .
wu bangguo inspects anhui work
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 8 , wu bangguo , standing committee member of the political bureau of the cpc central committee and member of the standing committee of the political bureau of the cpc central committee , stressed the need to take the scientific development concept as the guide to guide the overall situation in economic and social development in light of the local situation and to implement the scientific development concept .
from 6 to 8 february , wu bangguo went to 马鞍山 county , 马鞍山 county , ma on shan , to go deep into the rural areas of 企业 township , 企业 county , to inspect and inspect the research institutes and institutions of higher learning .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui has the advantage of linking the east to the west with the south and the north . it is an important agricultural zone in china , rich natural resources , relatively good industrial foundation , relatively strong cultural resources , and great development potential .
anhui should firmly seize the important opportunity of promoting the rise of central china , unswervingly adhere to the central policy , closely integrate the central authorities ' principles and policies with the actual situation in anhui , and carry out the scientific development concept in concrete work .
it is necessary to sum up practical experiences in a timely manner , rely on the masses of the people , vigorously support reform and innovation , and constantly open up a new situation in anhui 's work .
it is necessary to actively promote the building of a harmonious society , uphold the fundamental interests of the overwhelming majority of the people as the starting point and end - result of all our work , actively create conditions , gradually improve the relations between the masses , and ensure social fairness and justice .
wu bangguo stressed : china has already reached a historical stage of relying more on its ability to rely on innovation and improving the quality of laborers to promote economic and social development . only by vigorously promoting scientific and technological progress and innovation can we achieve a leap in the quality of productive forces .
it is necessary to establish and improve a system mechanism conducive to innovation as soon as possible , increase investment in science and technology , encourage patent invention , develop well - known brand names , speed up the transformation of scientific and technological achievements into real productive forces , and constantly enhance the contribution of science and technology to economic growth .
it is necessary to support and encourage technological elements to participate in distribution , establish and perfect a statistical indices for reflecting their own independent innovation capability , study and formulate the policy of supporting and formulating fiscal and taxation , and government procurement , and form a policy system encouraging independent innovation .
it is necessary to cultivate innovative awareness throughout society , vigorously advocate the spirit of daring to make innovations , and strive to create a good atmosphere in which people of talent are in great numbers .
wu bangguo pointed out : the people 's congress has played an increasingly important role in the process of building a socialist country ruled by law .
in order to do a good job in the work of people 's congresses under the new situation , first , we should adhere to the correct political direction , unswervingly follow the road of socialist political development with chinese characteristics , and organically integrate the party 's leadership with the rule of law .
second , closely revolving around the overall situation of the work of the party and the state , closely revolving around the hot and difficult problems of the masses of the people , focusing on the hot and difficult issues of reform , development , and stability , we should continuously strengthen the work of the npc work .
third , it is necessary to give play to the characteristics and advantages of the npc work , adhere to democratic centralism , strictly handle affairs according to the law , and collectively decide problems .
we should adhere to the mass line , use people as the foundation , use the power for the people , and work for the people and work for the people .
china proposes major scientific research plan for next 15 years
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 9 ( reporter li xing ) to enhance china 's international competitiveness , the state council issued four major scientific research plans on the 9 th .
the four major scientific plans are protein research research 、 纳米 research and development and development and reproductive research .
the outline points out that protein science is the high ground of life in which the developed countries are keen to compete .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on research on protein biology , biological biology , biological biology , biological biology , biological biology , biological biology , biological biology , biological biology and biological biology .
the outline also holds that the research on quantum regulation and control has a clear perspective , and it may have an inestimable impact on human society 's economic development after 30 - 30 years .
china should focus on research on the carrier of quantum telecommunications , the principle of regulation and control , the quantum effect of quantum computing , restricted quantum structure of small quantum systems , and the new principles and new technology foundation for measuring small quantum systems .
in addition , the outline points out that nanotechnology has become a strategic choice for many countries to upgrade their core competitiveness , as well as one of the areas that china can achieve by leaps and bounds .
in the next 15 years , china 's key research in this field will include preparation for producing 、 , 功能 , 电子学 biology , 、 biology , nanometer biology , nanotechnology and nanotechnology , and nanotechnology and nanotechnology .
china has a large population growth , a large number of birth defects , serious shortage of organ transplants , aging peak of aging , and an aging peak .
according to the outline , china will focus its research on research on stem - cell 增殖 and regulation and control of stem cells , 成熟 and 成熟 , and 衰退 , 人体 and 干细胞 .
shanghai 's housing prices rise by nearly 7 percentage points
xinhua news agency , shanghai , february 9 ( reporter huang 庭钧 ) the state policy on macro regulation and control in the real estate industry in 2005 has achieved remarkable results in shanghai .
according to the latest data released , the various indexes of shanghai 's real estate industry last year had a marked decline or a slowdown in growth .
in the first half of this year , commodity prices increased by 6.6 percentage points over the previous year .
at the news conference , pan jian , director of the shanghai municipal bureau of statistics , said at a news conference that the average sales price of shanghai 's commercial residential units in 2005 was 6698 - billion yuan / square meters , up 31.3 yuan from 2004 .
the price of residential residential sales rose by 6.6 percent year - on - year to a year - on - year rate of 6.6 percent .
the added value of the real estate industry for the whole year was 670.23亿 billion yuan , down 4.1% percent over the previous year .
in the balance of loans of financial institutions , the balance of personal housing loans was 2644.94亿 billion yuan , which was only nt $ 199.4亿 billion , while loans for 2004 reached 728.09亿 billion yuan .
pan jianxin said : looking at the sales price of shanghai 's real estate , the price of commercial housing sales was 稳中有降 .
statistics also show that in 2005 , shanghai 's real estate price increased somewhat , with the average sales price of residential housing sold at 6698 billion yuan / square meters , up 31.3 yuan from 2004 .
the price level of housing sales in 2005 was 9.7% percent higher than the previous year , a drop of 6.2 percentage points over the previous year .
according to his briefing , last year shanghai completed a total investment of 1246.86亿 billion yuan , an increase of 6.1% percent over the previous year .
the sales area was 3158.87万 square meters , down 9.5% percent .
sales of commercial housing totaled 2161.3亿 billion yuan , down 4.5% percent over the previous year .
two light plane crashes in new zealand
xinhua news agency , wellington , february 9 , two new zealand light airplanes collided in wellington , capital of the capital city of wellington , and crashed in the city of wellington , capital of the capital city of wellington .
according to a relevant official of the local civil aviation department , both pilots of the two planes were students of the university of 马西 university , and they were still receiving training and had not obtained any flight license .
at the time of the incident , two planes were in the non - air control zone , according to the regulations , the pilots should be responsible for the flight and security conditions of the aircraft .
a witness at the scene of the incident told new zealand media that when the plane collided with the plane , he heard a huge explosion , and saw the rapid fall of the plane .
eyewitnesses also confirmed that a huge explosion was heard before the plane crashed and saw the falling fragments of airplanes .
the local civil aviation department will investigate the cause of the collision .
argentine overseas chinese strongly condemn chen shui - bian 's remarks on taiwan independence
buenos aires , february 8 , xinhua ( reporter cao yu ) the china association for promoting peaceful reunification set up by overseas chinese in argentina issued a solemn statement on 8 august strongly condemning chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence , opposing any attempt to separate taiwan from china .
the statement said that in his speech delivered on 29 january , chen shui - bian declared that he would abolish the national unification council [ nuc ] and the national unification guidelines , and take another step toward taiwan independence .
the compatriots on both sides of the strait will face a severe challenge for the hope of peace , and taiwan compatriots seeking peace and stability .
the statement pointed out that the separatist activities of opposing and containing taiwan independence and safeguarding peace in the taiwan strait are still the most urgent tasks of the compatriots on both sides of the strait and the chinese community at present .
the statement stressed that the council of the council for promoting peaceful reunification of china is willing to unite with all overseas chinese and ethnic chinese living in the two sides of the strait to uphold the one - china principle and resolutely oppose any form of taiwan independence taiwan independence .
chinese experts : us advocacy of military threat to china
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 9 ( reporter li 宣良 ) the us pentagon recently officially submitted the " four - year defense evaluation report " submitted by the pentagon to the congress for the first time , saying that china is a new major power that may pose a military challenge to the united states .
experts believe that this is an unreasonable criticism against china 's normal national defense construction , playing up the “ of china 's military threat , and an interference in china 's internal affairs .
the " defense evaluation report " is the pentagon 's new national defense guidance document .
this 92 - page report uses three paragraphs to discuss the issue of china 's military strength and the countermeasures that the united states should deal with . the report says that the united states has the potential to develop its destructive military technology , and china is very likely to develop its destructive military technology .
yao 云竹 , a research fellow at the world military research department of the chinese academy of military sciences , said that although senior us officials had expressed similar views on many occasions , this was the first time that the united states proposed a new major power in the national defense strategy report , which was the most likely challenge to the united states .
“ , the first time in this report , explicitly designated russia as a newly emerging strategic opponent , and , in particular , paid more attention to the so - called ‘ china military threat theory .
major general peng guangqian , research fellow of the chinese academy of military sciences ;
what merits attention is that on the same day on the day of the " four - year defense evaluation report , " us president bush also submitted to congress the government budget for fiscal year 2007 , of which the national defense budget reached $ 4393亿 billion .
if the budget for military actions in iraq and afghanistan added to the additional budget for iraq and afghanistan , the us defense budget for fiscal 2007 will exceed $ 500 - billion , setting a record high of $ 500 - billion .
peng guangqian believes that the trick of the united states to fabricate the theory of the threat of other countries reflects the consistent style of the pentagon in creating an enemy , and its real purpose is to strive for more national defense spending , to reap more profits for the united states .
experts say that compared with the huge military spending of the united states , china 's defense spending is quite limited .
deng 红洲 , a military expert who has participated in china 's national defense white paper , said : since the 1990 s , along with economic development , china 's national defense expenditures have increased , but the proportion of national financial expenditure in the same period has declined .
according to official data , compared with 1979 , china 's national defense expenditures dropped by nearly 10 percentage points over the same period in 2004 .
china 's defense spending in 2005 is 2446.56亿 billion yuan , only about one - 14th of the us , and its per capita military spending is only about one - third of the us .
the land area of the united states and china 's land area is roughly quite large , but the difference in military spending is so huge that the military strength is far beyond normal defense needs .
peng guangqian said .
teng jianqun , director of the research department of the china arms control and disarmament association , said that the united states should objectively assess the situation of china 's military construction , and china 's peaceful development does not mean that china and the united states will become rivals militarily .
the white paper " 2004 china 's national defense " says that china has firmly followed the path of peaceful development and adopted a defensive national defense policy .
in the past , china did not pose a threat to any country in the past .
so far , china has not established military bases in other countries , nor has it sent a single soldier to other countries , while the united states has deployed over 100,000 military bases overseas in asia alone .
professor zhu feng of the institute of international relations of beijing university said that china and the united states should increase communication and exchanges , enhance mutual understanding and trust , and comprehensively promote the constructive and cooperative relations between the two countries in the new century .
( winter olympics ) opening of turin winter winter games
xinhua news agency , turin , february 9 ( reporter ding ying ) the opening ceremony of the 20th winter olympic games will be officially opened at 点 olympic sports stadium on the evening of 10 february local time .
on 9 september , the organizing committee of turin winter olympic games disclosed to reporters the opening ceremony of the opening ceremony .
he said that the opening ceremony of the opening ceremony has cost 10 million euros ( about 10 million us dollars ) at the opening ceremony .
he said that the evening will be unforgettable on the 10 th , and the audience in the conference hall and the world - class television audience of 2 - billion viewers will see the opening ceremony of the great hall of the people with passion .
the white house , which is composed of 激情 and 奶牛 , will be able to show its strong vitality and the spirit of peace in italy .
well - known italian designers 阿玛尼 阿玛尼 specially designed clothes for the opening ceremony , and the famous italian fashion brand 莫斯基诺 will provide dress dress for the athletes .
however , the famous italian tenor 帕瓦罗蒂 will sing a song at the opening ceremony , and the organizing committee will place this suspense in the end .
the eight - meter - long flame hockey athlete , who could lead the flame to flame , said that the burning passion would be used at a time of 70 kilometers , and they would be able to shuttle around the venue .
the organizing committee held that this was the most satisfactory creation in the opening ceremony .
on the question of how to ignite the main torch , the organizing committee did not reveal earlier that the main torch of the 57 - meter - long torch will light the residents of turin and the british columbia on that day .
white house announces bush 's plan to visit pakistan in march
xinhua news agency , washington , february 9 ( reporter zhao yi ) us white house spokesman mcclellan said at a news conference on 9 february that although the prophet incident in the islamic world has aroused strong protests in islamic world , president bush will still visit pakistan and india in march .
mcclellan said bush is looking forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he also said that he is making arrangements for this visit .
mcclellan was holding various demonstrations in some areas in pakistan to protest against the release of the above remarks given by the islamic prophet mohammed .
in his meeting with pakistani prime minister shaukat aziz in the white house in january this year , the two sides indicated that they would step up their cooperation in cracking down on terrorism that harms the security of the two countries .
bush also said that at the invitation of the pakistani and indian governments , he will visit pakistan and india in march .
( international observation ) hamas seeks to break new cabinet
xinhua news agency , ramallah , february 9 ( international observation ) hamas seeks to break through cabinet
xinhua news agency reporter , wang hao , huang min
after the election victory of the palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) won the victory of the legislative yuan , how to draw a new government blueprint is the focus of international attention .
what kind of new policy will hamas adopt to directly affect the relevant policy direction of the parties concerned in the next step ?
at the same time , the resistance attitude of the united states and israel has added variables to the future of hamas .
at present , all parties in palestine are stepping up consultation , and they are actively seeking breakthroughs in the development of the cabinet in the future .
premier of the premier leaves for posts
after hamas won the power of forming a cabinet , some people outside the world worry that hamas prime minister ” may have differences with the current highest leader mahmud abbas .
in addition , hamas leader 马沙尔 , who is visiting egypt , stressed that hamas led by hamas will not recognize israel , and this tough signal has intensified international anxiety .
the united states and israel clearly stated that they would not accept the hamas government that possesses real power and threatened to cut off economic aid to palestine and transfer taxes to palestine .
however , this does not prevent hamas from making flexible strategic adjustments , and an independent candidate is a compromise policy .
according to reports , in order to maximize the maximum recognition of the international recognition , the leaders of the hamas and foreign leaders in egypt recently decided to elect 贾迈勒.胡达里 贾迈勒.胡达里 , chairman of the board of directors of the palestinian people 's liberation army , to become new prime minister .
this move has not received responses from the relevant parties .
the prime minister said that the prime minister should be able to play down the hamas 's hard - line soft color as far as possible .
how to distribute power
as far as the internal situation is concerned , the biggest challenge facing hamas is that it lacks sufficient experience in governance .
an article by palestine 's " daily newspaper " an article said : hamas has been using social welfare projects to capture people , but in the aspect of ruling the country , it lacks experience , and cooperation with the palestinian national liberation movement ( fatah ) is the best policy .
hamas has set up a political partnership with fatah after the election .
in the cabinet , fatah is divided into the cabinet , which advocates participation in the new government , so as to do something worthwhile . another faction refuses to invite hamas .
informed sources pointed out that under the persuasion of abbas , fatah gradually tends to join the new government .
even so , hamas and fatah will also bargain over the distribution of cabinet positions .
in addition , the other way is to set up a cabinet outside the framework of the legislative council to break away from party affiliation .
it is reported that hamas has also designed an expert type of government , but the specific list is unknown .
in view of the attitude of the united states and israel , technical experts are also a form of forming a form of cabinet reduction .
according to the provisions of the " basic law " of palestine , the nomination of prime minister will be completed within three weeks after the new legislative council assumes office on 16 march .
what should be done ?
the weapons in the hands of hamas are another thorny problem facing the formation of a new government .
the attitude of the united states and israel is very tough , and they resolutely demand that hamas abandon violence and refuse to take armed political participation .
hamas leader 马沙尔 stressed on 9 september that armed resistance is a strategic choice of the organization of the organization .
the issue of arming the armed forces includes the issue of the legitimacy of weapons and the ownership of the armed forces .
in the past , hamas , which has been elected as a member of the political bureau of the communist party of china ( cpc ) , has been elected by the government .
hamas has proposed that the armed forces of various factions be divided into the ” people 's army of the palestinian national authority , but they have not received extensive responses , and they are also criticized by the islamic jihad of palestine ( holy war ) .
at present , there are 60,000 security organizations in palestine , and the overwhelming majority are the fatah camp .
moreover , fatah also has some subordinate factions which have loose ties with their subordinate factions , such as the abu sayyaf al-aqsa martyrs brigade , the abu sayyaf al-aqsa martyrs brigade .
hamas , which is responsible for forming the cabinet , must reach a consensus with abbas on how to manage these armed forces in their own ways and rationally distribute security powers .
according to local media reports , abbas intends to take charge of security and intelligence , and the police and civil defense departments are subordinate to the new government .
however , the parties still hold consultations on this sensitive issue so far .
china publishes report on polar exploration
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 10 ( reporter li jianmin ) china 's state oceanic administration recently issued the " china polar survey report " for more than 20 years .
the " report " fully reflects the major progress and results of china 's polar scientific research activities in 2005 and its achievements in polar exploration .
according to the records of the " report , " at 1415 on 9 january 2005 ( beijing time ) , the expedition team of china 's antarctic inland icecap expedition team successfully landed in the 地区 area of the highest level of ice cap in the antarctic inland icecap and reached 4093 meters in january ( beijing time ) .
on the international stage of competition in the international polar field , the chinese people have a strong will and a fearless spirit , and they have been bold in opening up a new realm of the antarctic icecap and achieving success in the antarctic icecap .
sun zhihui , director of the state oceanic administration ;
the " report " shows that on 24 march 2005 , china 's 21 st antarctic expedition team successfully completed its mission to shanghai , and this inspection lasted 151 days , and the voyage was 151 nautical miles .
on 18 november of the same year , china 's 22 nd antarctic expedition team left shanghai and went to the antarctica to carry out scientific research activities , and will leave the zhongshan station via australia by the end of february 2006 .
as china 's first report on polar exploration was published , the " china polar survey report " also reviewed and summed up and summed up china 's polar exploration undertaking in the early 1980 s .
according to the " report , " in 1983 , china formally joined the " antarctic treaty , " becoming a member of the antarctic treaty organization , and successively became the council member of the antarctic science research council of the antarctic treaty .
in 1997 , china became a member of the arctic science committee and won the right and decisionmaking power in international polar affairs .
the " report " pointed out that over the past 20 - odd years , china 's polar exploration has developed from scratch , has developed in an initial scale , and has formed a 船 arctic scientific inspection system established in february 1985 .
according to statistics , as at the end of 2005 , china organized 22 arctic arctic expeditions in the arctic ocean , which was carried out by 22 antarctic scientific expeditions , two batches of arctic arctic expeditions in the arctic ocean .
at present , we are working for the establishment of the third antarctic inspection station , and is also the first research station in china 's antarctic inland .
sun said .
after more than 20 years of efforts , china 's polar exploration undertaking has a place in polar exploration in the world , but there is still a relatively big gap between china and other major polar countries .
he said .
sun said china will publish a report on polar exploration annually .
castro meets with chinese vice - premier
havana , february 10 ( xinhua ) fidel castro , president of the cuban council of state , met with visiting chinese state councilor chen zhili on 10 february at the meeting with visiting chinese state councilor chen zhili .
president castro warmly welcomed state councilor chen zhili to visit cuba .
he said that the cuban - chinese relations have been very friendly and high - level visits have been frequent , which has effectively promoted and strengthened friendship and mutual understanding between the two sides , and hoped that the two countries will continue to deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in education and science and technology .
he said that cuba is a country with important influence in latin america and the caribbean .
friendly exchanges between the chinese and cuban peoples date back to ancient times .
cuba is the first latin american country to establish diplomatic relations with china .
since the beginning of the new century , the two countries ' political mutual trust has deepened , and cooperation in the fields of international affairs has been expanding , and the friendly relations and cooperation between china and cuba have entered a new period of comprehensive development .
she believed that with the joint efforts of both sides , the friendly cooperation between china and cuba will produce more fruitful results .
chen zhili also pointed out that the chinese government has always attached importance to exchanges and cooperation with cuba in the educational field .
in recent years , education exchanges between the two countries have become closer and closer .
china actively supports the international conference held by the cuban side , and has sent delegations to attend the previous world higher education conference and the elimination of illiteracy in illiteracy .
cuba 's basic education level is very high , and hopes to further strengthen relevant exchanges in the future .
chen said china and cuba have advantages in science and technology research and development , and they can achieve a win - win situation through cooperation in various fields .
the chinese side hopes to play a positive role in the scientific research and production of cuba .
she also briefed castro on china 's strategy of invigorating the country with science and education and the national science and technology conference .
chen zhili arrived in havana on 9 february at the invitation of the cuban government and began his visit to cuba .
during the meeting , chen met with 古巴 维西诺 , cuban minister of foreign affairs , and inspected the 中学 中学 middle school and 小学 elementary school of 哈瓦那 university in havana .
closure of waste oil leakage in beijing
xinhua news agency , harbin , february 11 ( reporter liang 书斌 ) a traffic accident occurred at 23时 km of the beijing highway on 10 february , causing leakage of some sections of the oil tanker .
according to the police traffic police brigade of the city 's public security bureau , at 2300 on 10 july , three vehicles collided with three vehicles in the beijing highway . a car truck and a truck truck collided with the oil tanker .
it has been learned that oil waste from the oil tanker is loaded with coke .
because of the dense waste of waste waste , at the same time , it was afraid that sparks were caused by sparks in the past , and the relevant departments had closed the road of the accident .
harbin is closed to the two cities , and many vehicles are closed .
at present , the relevant departments are screening the site and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) hutchison whampoa announces off - listing of italian “
xinhua news agency , hong kong , february 11 ( xinhua ) hutchison whampoa announced on 11 february that it planned to postpone the listing of “ , italy 's ” telecommunications business company , with the implementation of the national flag .
huo sheng - sheng , general manager of the yellow group , said that although “ has been approved by all relevant regulatory bodies , it is too hastily to complete the process in the next few weeks .
at the same time , the sluggish market conditions in europe are weak , and the market may not be able to estimate the estimated valuation valuation value in italy at this moment .
in view of the interests of shareholders , they decided to defer the listing .
with regard to the timing of the ipo , mr fok said that it would depend on the market volatility in the future european telecommunications market .
he believed that from now until next time , “ , italy 's ” needs to carry out wide - ranging educational activities , so as to enable global telecommunications investment to better understand the strong performance and favorable prospects of italy 's ” .
according to the media report , the investment bank of “ , one of the world 's 意大利 全球 , agreed with 4.2亿 - 欧元 , italy , and italy through private placing in the form of private allotment .
china , myanmar enjoy good development in economic relations
xinhua news agency , yangon , february 12th ( reporter zhang yunfei ) chinese ambassador to myanmar 管木 和 and economic and trade counselor tang hai - hai said on the eve of his visit to myanmar that the economic and trade relations between china and myanmar are developing in a variety of forms , which are mutually beneficial and mutually beneficial .
the friendly relations between the two countries have been consolidated and developed on the basis of the five principles of peaceful coexistence in recent years , and exchanges and cooperation in various fields have expanded and deepened , the ambassador said .
counselor tang hoi - hai said that the high - level exchange of visits between the two countries has effectively promoted the development of economic and trade cooperation between the two countries .
during the exchange of high - level visits between the two countries in 2004 , the two sides signed 33 documents on economic and trade cooperation , and most of them are carrying out and implementing the agreements .
he said : in 2004 , it was $ 11.4亿 billion , with $ 12.09亿 billion in 2005 , of which 美元 billion us dollars were exported , and imports amounted to $ 2.74亿 billion .
in bilateral trade last year , trade between china and burma ( including border trade ) reached $ 6.3亿 billion , an increase of 14.6% percent over the previous year .
tang said myanmar has become one of the major markets in china 's enterprises .
china 's enterprises have carried out engineering operations in myanmar , which has led to the export of all kinds of complete sets of machinery and electronic products in china , and myanmar has become one of the major markets for china 's complete sets of equipment and electrical and mechanical products .
according to statistics from the chinese customs , the export of electromechanical products in china has accounted for about 45% percent of china 's total exports .
tang also said that myanmar 's resources are rich and the chinese companies have begun to invest in the development of mineral oil and gas , and the development of sino - myanmar economic and trade cooperation has great potential .
he expressed the hope that chinese enterprises will have a long - term vision to learn from risks , make prudent decisions , and ensure that the image of enterprises should be completed as scheduled .
the ambassador and counselor tang hoi - hai maintained that soe win will soon pay an official visit to china , which is a major event in bilateral relations this year .
the two sides will sign a number of agreements on economic and trade cooperation during the visit .
world bank to reduce debt to poorest countries
xinhua news agency , moscow , february 11 , world bank president wolfowitz said in moscow on 11 february that the world bank will completely exempt the debts of the poorest countries by the middle of this year .
on the same day , wolfowitz held talks with the finance ministers of various countries attending the g - 8 meeting in moscow .
in a statement issued after the meeting , he said that the world bank will implement the debt reduction and exemption plan before 1 july this year , and that the world bank is now completing all technical work .
last year , the world bank donated a total of 28 debts owed by 28 countries and indicated that it would fill the funds for the trust fund .
the amount of creditor 's rights in the international monetary fund is rather small , and the organization has started to reduce or exempt debts by the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz welcomed russia 's decision to exempt 16 african countries from debts .
hdtv tv becomes mainstream in us
xinhua news agency , new york , february 12 ( reporter fan xiaolin ) with the constant decline in the price of television sets ( HDTV ) and the continuous expansion of the market , the us television transmission organization has also stepped up the introduction of corresponding hdtv programs .
the us “ ” , which has just started the curtain , has become a warm - up warm - up of the american broadcasting industry by the american broadcasting industry .
according to a recent report by caijing shibao , the us congress recently passed a bill stipulating that the american broadcasting industry must stop broadcasting the existing simulated television signals on 17 february .
this means that the comprehensive digitization of us television programs has a clear timetable .
on the one hand , the popularization of high - resolution digital television calls on consumers to purchase television sets , while on the other hand , they should rely on the production organs to make hdtv programs .
although the figures have been repeatedly mentioned in the past few years , they have never become reality .
this problem has taken a turn for the better this year .
according to the forecast of the consumer electronics association of the united states , digital television sets this year will surpass the traditional television sets for the first time in the united states , while the number of digital tv sets is high - resolution products .
japanese researchers develop new high - efficiency man - made kidney
xinhua news agency , tokyo , february 13 ( reporter qian zheng ) research personnel in japan 's east china sea research institute have developed a 代谢 - 代谢 肾 , which is also the same as that of human kidneys , and also has the function of retaining the substance of the 肾病 .
according to a recent report by the " nikkei news , " the new development of biological - man kidney was mainly composed of two parts . some of the 人 of 代谢 waste and water from the blood were extracted from the 血液 of blood , and some of them returned to the blood “ for blood .
人 人 and 人 尿 of “ 尿 were made by the chinese and the air 丝线 , and the 人 of 人 had been covered with 分解 废物 .
这种 淀粉 变性 淀粉 淀粉 淀粉 淀粉 淀粉 淀粉 淀粉 淀粉 淀粉 淀粉 淀粉 淀粉 , , 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 .
in the past , 人造 waste was used to filter out the metabolic waste , and it could not be completely removed and the function of the 氨基酸 could not be recovered .
the researchers used the goat to carry out biological - man transplantation experiments in the biological 肾 , and the 中空 cells of man - made 肾 were used in the 中空 .
two weeks later , researchers confirmed that man - made kidney had been able to function .
at present , they are developing biological - man 肾 of human kidney cells and will start clinical research after verification .
china 's power safety is still facing severe challenges
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 13 ( reporter : 安 ) , a responsible person of the state power supervision and control commission said on 13 february that despite the overall stable situation in production safety in 2005 , power safety is still facing severe challenges .
china 's electricity safety production was generally stable in 2005 , according to the national commission for electricity safety ( nbs ) .
however , he pointed out that with the changes in the situation of power supply and demand and the operation of a large number of new generating units , electricity safety production will face new challenges .
the situation of electricity supply in some parts of the country is still relatively tight .
shi 玉波 said : with the deepening of the reform of the power system , many deep - seated contradictions will continually expose the situation , and how to maintain the stability of the contingent of workers and ensure normal production order will become a new problem facing them .
it is necessary to further strengthen the management of power safety , improve the management mechanism for emergency response , and ensure the safety of the power grids .
it has been learned that the new situation of electric power safety management will be revised and improved this year to amend and improve the " provisional regulations on the investigation of the power production accident , " and at the same time , the security of the dam power plant and the two systems of the power generation system will be successively issued .
in 2005 , china 's total electricity consumption reached 24689亿 - trillion kilowatt - hours , an increase of 13.45% percent over the same period last year .
in the face of the situation in which power supply and demand is still on the loose , the problem of coal , electricity , oil , and transportation has been conspicuous , and all power enterprises have earnestly adopted effective measures to strengthen the management of equipment .
there were 74 accidents involving a power grid , 12.7 times less than that of the same period last year .
south africa 's envoy to china says south africa does not have an organized crime of 组织
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 13 ( reporter wang gang , hao 建刚 , hao 亚琳 , hao 亚琳 ) , minister of the south african embassy in china , said in an exclusive interview with xinhua on 13 february that south africa does not have a ” - ” criminal act against chinese citizens .
he said that the south african government will do its best to crack down on all forms of criminal activities .
he said that the south african government hopes to reduce the crime rate to zero , and hopes that the life and property safety of foreigners in south africa will be fully protected by the local laws and the full protection of their citizens .
since 2006 , four chinese citizens have been killed in south africa , and the chinese world has expressed widespread concern over this .
the chinese foreign ministry has made representations to south africa on this issue and urged the chinese citizens in south china to further enhance their awareness of security precautions , strengthen unity among overseas chinese , and cooperate with police in cracking down on crimes .
“ expressed the deepest sympathy and condolences to the victims ' families .
we are sorry for this , and invite the chinese people to believe that the south african government is seriously investigating every case involving china .
according to a briefing by the chinese embassy in south africa , south african police have successfully cracked a case in southern africa on 5 february , and a suspect was arrested .
at present , police are hunting for another suspect .
meanwhile , according to the south african embassy in china , criminal suspects who were suspected of shooting hong kong businessmen in january this year were arrested by south african police .
when talking about the impact of chinese citizens on the murder of chinese citizens , shen kang - kang believes that these incidents will have a negative impact on the trade between the two countries and other fields , but from a long - term point of view , the impact should not be big .
according to the south african embassy in south africa , the embassy was granted a visa to more than 2,000 chinese people in the first 15 days of this year .
according to chinese official statistics , south africa continues to maintain china 's position as china 's largest trading partner in africa by 2005 .
the bilateral trade volume reached $ 72.7亿 billion , an increase of 23% percent over the same period last year .
however , people in the tourism circles believe that the incident of chinese citizens ' murder in 2004 has a clear impact on china 's tourist arrivals .
according to statistics from south africa 's tourism bureau , chinese tourists who went to south africa in the first half of 2005 were 人 people , a decrease of 14.9% percent over the same period last year .
there are 200,000 chinese living in south africa at present , and there are about 200,000 towns in south africa .
analysts here believe that the gap between the rich and the poor in south africa is high , the unemployment rate is high , and the flood of guns is not a deterrent .
because many chinese do not understand english , have cash , and have cash , it is easier to become the target for criminal elements to seek financial attacks .
( hong kong , macau , taiwan ) hong kong promotes english learning and training
xinhua news agency , hong kong , february 13th , the english - language workplace english campaign launched by the government of the hong kong special administrative region ( hksar ) was launched on 13 february aimed at raising the standard of english .
this is the theme of a series of programmes aimed at satisfactorily studying english and a rich life , including a series of promotional activities to promote the learning and training of workplace english and to further understand how to help employees improve their english standards .
up to now , the scheme has already supported the completion of the workplace english training programme , which has enabled them to reach the benchmarks of hong kong workplace english .
the hong kong jockey club campaign was launched in 2000 .
an important project for the workplace english campaign is to provide funding for workplace english training .
the scheme aims at helping employees in the workplace to use english , through participating in training and participation in international commercial english examinations , to meet the required workplace english standards .
hebei 's hiv testing practice free of charge free of charge
xinhua news agency , shijiazhuang , february 14 ( reporter dong 智永 ) hebei provincial health department recently issued a " plan for the implementation of a voluntary consultation on aids prevention and testing of hebei province " ( trial ) , which clearly stipulates the principle of free and strict protection of hiv / aids .
the " plan " has provided the relevant follow - up services for hiv antibody testing and consultation , hiv antibody testing and voluntary consultation , and the protection of the legitimate rights and interests of aids patients .
the " plan " demands that the aids advisory and testing point be located in the location of the convenient consulting and to provide a single room for the protection of the privacy of the pollsters .
the choice of the individual should give full consideration to factors such as personal quality , sense of responsibility , and ability to exchange knowledge .
in order to protect the privacy of the consultant , the inspection can be conducted or registered .
the " plan " also requires the public health administrative departments at and above the county level to announce the list of medical and health organizations in the area of voluntary testing of aids free of charge .
ministry of public security is still working on a confession of torture
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 14 ( reporter meng na ) in answering a question raised by foreign reporters at a news conference held by the ministry of public security on 14 february , zheng 百岗 , deputy director of the public security bureau of the ministry of public security , said that the so - called “ was not allowed to admit the crime of committing crimes .
the focus of the work of inspectors is to prevent these problems from happening .
he also pointed out that some international organizations do not have a correct understanding of the law enforcement situation in china 's police .
the latest information provided by the ministry of public security on the 14th shows that the ministry of public security successively issued the " regulations on the application of the public security organs for the registration of public security organs " in 2004 , and ensured that public security organs at the grass - roots level applied for the application of the measures for interrogation according to law .
in 1997 , police officers from public security organs of the public security organs of the whole country insisted in going deep into the bud to prevent the safety of public security .
in order to prevent the occurrence of law - enforcement problems at the source , police department departments further extended the supervision and inspection of law enforcement officers ' 触角 , 加大 , 110 , and 财物 , and took part in the investigation and inspection of criminal cases involving 110 接处警 .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) sun yun - suan dies in taipei
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 15 , sun yun - suan [ sun yun - suan ] , honorary chairman of the taiwan strait exchange foundation , died of illness in taipei early on the morning of 15 march because of acute acute heart failure and severe acute respiratory failure .
on 11 november , sun yun - hsuan was born on 11 november , and graduated from the electrical department of the shandong 蓬莱 industrial university .
he was the presidium member of the 10 - 13 th central committee of the kmt , the 11th central standing committee member of the 11th central committee of the cpc central committee , and the presidium of the 15 th central committee appraisal committee .
任 经济部长 , minister of transportation and transportation of the taiwan authorities , 等 经济部长 , minister of transportation and transportation of the taiwan authorities .
heilongjiang accelerates environmental impact assessment and countermeasures on songhua river pollution
xinhua news agency , harbin , february 16 ( reporter : zheng tao ) to do a good job in carrying out the follow - up monitoring and control of the songhua river 's ice - melting process and ice melting , heilongjiang province will actively promote the assessment and countermeasures of the songhua river 's ecological environment .
according to the provincial environmental protection bureau 's environmental protection bureau , the ecological environment of the songhua river , which is organized by the state environmental protection administration , has a total of 15 special topics , which is divided into three stages .
at present , a total of more than 60 research institutes in heilongjiang province have undertaken a total of more than 60 technical research tasks .
according to presentations , environmental protection departments and relevant scientific research institutes will work hard to solve the problems of the masses who are eager to be concerned about the environment of emergency environmental protection and countermeasures .
the ministry of water supply and water for the songhua river , the songhua river and the songhua river , began to study the law on water pollution and water pollution in the songhua river .
heilongjiang 's environmental protection department will also intensify the environmental monitoring of the songhua river along the songhua river and seriously investigate and deal with environmental incidents causing serious pollution and illegal construction .
heilongjiang will dispatch an environment law enforcement personnel to urge the 、 to give guidance to the comprehensive improvement of the environment of the small river valleys , and to improve the environmental management system such as 呼 , 呼 and 旺河 .
beijing university set up mourning hall
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 15 ( reporter li 江涛 ) after several days of intense preparation , the mourning hall for the 100 th anniversary of beijing university was officially opened on the morning of 15 february . as of noon on the 15 th , hundreds of people had come to pay condolences .
at 0800 hours on the morning of the mourning hall , several dozens of people lined up outside the hall .
in a memorial hall commemorating the 100 th anniversary of the beijing university , the reporter saw a black scroll hanging on the walls of the hall : “ deep mourning .
on the bottom of the banner , the portrait of wang xuan , a 10 - square - meter - long portrait of wang xuan , was wearing glasses , smiling and elegant .
on both sides of the portrait of the portrait , several dozens of wreaths broke out on both sides of the portrait .
the elegiac elegiac couplets written in the wreath wrote : in the qin dynasty , “ was the foundation stone for the chinese 中华 , sending off a call to lead a call to lead the time of the times .
in the mourning hall , the funeral hall was filled with an atmosphere of solemnity and a heavy atmosphere .
同事 学生 , leader of the beijing university leaders and teachers and students , and his wife , 、 , and others , were also present at the meeting .
some of them gave fresh flowers , some of them carried a bouquet of flowers , and each of them wore small bamboo bags and walked slowly to the portrait of wang xuan 's portrait .
many people could not help but shed tears in tears .
zhang wenbin , who once served as director of the state cultural relics bureau , was an old alumnus of beijing university . he told this reporter that he was still working in henan province more than 10 years ago . he asked professor wang to make a report on scientific and technological innovation .
wang xuan , who is an academician of the “ , is a model for us to learn from . he has made great contributions to the country and society , and the people will never forget him .
professor jin ruilin of the law school of beijing university and professor wang xuan were old neighbors who were old friends for more than 40 years .
he was just discharged a few days ago , and today , he insisted on making farewell to old friends .
when mr. jin made a message on his message , he checked the sad tears of his grief many times .
he told this reporter that wang xuan 's life was very simple . tong tong 's garden was already a professor , and he had already made very great achievements , but he was still living in a very small house for many years .
later he moved to a place where he was 泽园 , and lived in a place where he was 70 square meters , and was also a dozen or so years .
the university of peking university gave him more than 140 square meters of large house buildings , with more than 140 square meters of high - level housing , and he did not want the high - level housing .
mr. jin recalled with deep feeling that during his visit abroad , he offered a very high degree of treatment to foreign countries , but he resolutely declined .
at first , he insisted that he did not apply for an academician . after he had mobilized mr. zhou 培源 on several occasions , he went to complete the completion of the exercise .
mr. wang is deeply impressed by the attitude of wang xuan to train young people . he has repeatedly emphasized that he has made many achievements , and he should depend on the cultivation of young people .
mr. jin said : at the age of 50 , wang xuan started to pay attention to cultivating young people , he always stressed that he wanted to pave the way for the young people to give up his career and give way to young people .
this is very difficult for a scientist who has made a great achievement .
reporters learned from the news center of the beijing university that from 9 : 00 a. m . on 15 february to noon on 15 february , the mourning hall of academician wang xuan was open to the public for the public to express condolences .
wang xuan , academician of the chinese academy of sciences ( cas ) , who was praised as vice chairman of the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference ( cppcc ) , was born at 3分 hospital in beijing on 13 february .
china , chile establish exchange mechanism
wu bangguo attends signing ceremony
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 15 ( reporter rong yan ) on the afternoon of 15 february , wu bangguo , chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) , attended the signing ceremony of a political dialogue between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament in the great hall of the people .
the exchange mechanism between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament is officially established .
it has been learned that 罗梅罗 , speaker of the chilean parliament , has signed the agreement in santiago , chile , in the chilean capital of santiago .
according to the agreement , the two sides will establish a dialogue committee between the npc and the chilean parliament in accordance with the principles set forth in the communique on establishing diplomatic relations between china and chile .
卡夫 卡夫 , chilean ambassador to china , attended the signing ceremony .
china to enact regulations to protect information network
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 15 ( reporter zhou wei ) at present , many websites have relied on a large number of news reports on newspapers and magazines to increase the rate of hits , but many of them have not been authorized to pay the fees .
wang ziqiang said that according to the existing laws and regulations , papers and periodicals published in newspapers and periodicals should not be used by the author , and the newspaper shall not be allowed to use the works in accordance with the law .
however , according to the current law , the newspaper has the right to legally permit this statutory permission , and currently the right of the internet is not entitled to the right to legally permit this .
according to the relevant judicial explanations made by the supreme people 's court , the use of the legal license can apply to the internet , that is , newspapers and periodicals published by newspapers and periodicals on the internet are not allowed to make use of the statement , and the internet can not be used for use .
however , because the judicial interpretations have not stipulated stipulations on remuneration standards , they have not paid remuneration in real terms .
the “ on the internet is not applicable to the legal permission of the internet .
wang ziqiang said : whether or not “ has incorporated it into the scope defined by the law , and the protection of the right to spread the information network to be promulgated this year , ” has been confirmed .
russian military says georgian parliament will not affect russian peacekeeping operations
xinhua news agency , moscow , february 15 ( reporter song 世益 ) russian defense ministry spokesman 谢多夫 谈话 told the media on 15 february that georgia 's parliament would not affect russian soldiers ' peacekeeping operations in the near future , and russian troops will continue to carry out peacekeeping missions in the south ossetia region .
科科 科科 , chairman of the russian state duma affairs commission , said on the same day that georgia 's resolution would undermine the stability of the situation in the region and adversely affect russia 's relations with georgia .
he stressed that the resolution of georgia 's parliament has made the relations between russia and georgia further deteriorate .
he believes georgia 's accusations against russia are absurd .
on the same day , the georgian parliament passed a resolution demanding that russia 's peacekeeping forces stop their peacekeeping operations in yugoslavia 's 奥 , but no specific deadline for the withdrawal of russian peacekeeping troops from the withdrawal .
the georgian parliament accused russian peacekeepers of failing to fulfill their obligations and regarded russia as an attempt to try to swallow georgia 's territory in the conflict area .
the georgian parliament demanded that the government take active actions to take into account the current situation in the south ossetia conflict in the south ossetia region to replace the current peacekeeping operations in the region .
the georgian parliament also instructed the government to revise relevant agreements on the stationing of russian peacekeepers in the region .
south ossetia is a autonomous prefecture of georgia , bordering north ossetia in russia .
after the disintegration of the former soviet union , it declared independence and had a long - term confrontation with the central government of georgia .
at present , russia has a peacekeeping camp stationed in the region .
this unit was stationed in the agreement on entering and entering the 四方 - 四方 梯 四方 四方 四方 , the north ossetia of georgia in 1992 .
four persons charged with major accident in hospital
xinhua news agency , changchun , february 16 ( reporter zhou 立权 ) after the extraordinarily serious fire occurred in downtown 辽源 city in jilin province , the accident investigation team confirmed 11 persons , including zhang 殿坤 , head of the hospital utility squad of the hospital , and was charged with serious negligence of responsibility .
on 15 december 2005 , a fire broke out at 医院 hospital at 辽源市 hospital in 辽源市 county , causing 39 deaths .
in this fire , more than 5,000 square meters were used .
it is understood that this is the largest fire accident in the country since the founding of new china .
according to investigation , at around 1600 hours on the day of the accident , the hospital was suddenly shut down , according to the hospital 's circuit circuit design , and the power gates of the power station would automatically jump to the deputy gate .
at that time , the underground cables on the ground , a dozen or so cable lines were tied together together , and such cables should be placed in a neat and neat manner .
因此 纺织 , the 57 - year - old ceo of the 纺织 textile company , was hired by the retired worker of the electrical and mechanical services department ( senior engineer ) , mr sun 永春 , who was also charged with heavy responsibility for the accident .
china 's village tourism to be held in sw china
guiyang , february 16 , xinhua ( reporter shi 新荣 ) on the morning of 16 february , an adult child of 天龙 village , 平 county , guizhou province , wore a holiday best in the holiday best , with a smile on his face .
at 10 : 30 a. m . on the morning of the same day , after the end of the festival , the 80 - year - old old man named zheng 培勤 , aged 80 , sounded the first 锣 in china 's rural tourism .
colin powell is a typical representative and demonstration model for guizhou village tourism development .
as a descendant of the ming dynasty during the ming dynasty era , more than 600 years have passed since the 后裔 屯 in tuen mun .
here , people can see a person who is seen wearing a bright blue long sleeves , a native of the ancient han dynasty , and the ancient han culture and costumes .
it has been learned that by relying on the advantage of this cultural tradition , colin powell has developed rural cultural tourism in 2002 , with only nt $ 380万 - billion in 2005 , and the peasants ' per capita income has been increased from over 1,300 yuan in 2002 to 2640 yuan by 2005 .
according to director of the guizhou provincial tourism bureau , after the first tour of 天龙 堡 , the new practice of 旅游 new tourism in 农村 city in guizhou province will be held this year .
so far , over 130 villages in guizhou have carried out various kinds of rural tourism projects . by 2005 , the province 's population of over 600,000 households through development has extricated themselves from poverty .
housing prices in 70 cities across the country rise by 5.5% percent in january
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 16 , housing prices in 70 large and medium cities in the country rose by 5.5% percent in january compared with the same period last year .
shanghai 's housing price continues to slide .
among the 70 large and medium cities , the prices of most of the 70 large and medium cities rose slightly in january , compared with the same period of last year , the national bureau of statistics ( nbs ) said today .
according to statistics , in the first quarter of last year , shanghai 's housing sale prices rose by 19.1% percent over the same period last year . since then , there has been a turn for the better in the past year .
in january this year , the prices of newly built residential housing in 70 large and medium cities rose by 0.2 percentage points over the same period last year .
the newly built commodity housing , which is up to a higher rate of increase in the city of 18.9% , 北京 , 呼和浩特 city , 大连 city , 大连 city , shanghai , has dropped by 3.1% .
the central organization department urged further supervision over the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres and cadres .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 16 , the organization department of the cpc central committee recently issued the opinion on strengthening cadre supervision .
the party organizations at all levels should proceed from strict management and care and care for cadres , carry out the supervision and examination of cadres ' work in selecting and appointing cadres , and establish and improve the work mechanism for preventing and appointing cadres in a timely manner .
the main task of the organization department is to supervise the leading bodies and leading cadres , to strengthen supervision over leading bodies , and to supervise and inspect the work of selecting and appointing leading party and government cadres .
on the supervision of leading bodies and leading cadres , we should make unremitting efforts to conduct education on ideals and convictions and education in combating corruption and promoting clean government , so as to guide and supervise leading cadres in the training , selection , and management of cadres .
when making a speech to the newly promoted cadres , they should set clear requirements on their honesty and self - discipline .
it is necessary to urge leading bodies at all levels to uphold democratic centralism , establish and improve rules and procedures for making decisions and making decisions , and conscientiously implement the system of combining collective leadership with individual responsibilities .
it is necessary to give prominence to the supervision of the principal responsible persons of the leading bodies , and responsible persons of the organization ( personnel ) departments of the organization ( personnel ) departments should talk to the principal responsible persons of the next level to understand the situation of their ideological and political work .
we should establish and improve the system of daily management and supervision of leading cadres , understand and analyze the ideological style of leading cadres regularly , and put forward opinions and measures on solving problems .
in implementing the system of persuasion and admonition by leading cadres , the system of admonitory education should be found in a timely manner , and admonitory talks should be conducted in a timely manner .
it is necessary to seriously investigate and understand the conspicuous problems that the masses have reflected , and they should be criticized and educated in light of the situation .
at the same time , we should combine strengthening supervision with encouraging cadres to make bold explorations and innovations , and to pay attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the opinion demands that organizations ( personnel ) departments at all levels earnestly strengthen supervision over the work of selecting and appointing party and government leading cadres .
it is necessary to further improve the supervision measures for recommending and recommending nominations for cadres .
it is necessary to step up inspection of the regulations on appointing cadres , strictly investigate and deal with violations of the regulations on appointing cadres , and resolutely check unhealthy trends and corrupt phenomena in personnel appointments .
it is necessary to implement a system of supervision and inspection of the problem of serious violations of the law and regulations , and increase the intensity of supervision and investigation .
we should establish and perfect a system for affixing responsibility for the work of selecting , appointing , and appointing cadres , and scientifically define the responsibility of selecting , appointing , and appointing cadres in various links in the work of selecting , appointing , and appointing cadres .
it is necessary to give full play to the role of the masses in supervision , and establish and improve a mechanism for reporting the highly efficient and efficient safety of “ .
it is necessary to give full play to the role of supervision by public opinion and timely inform the media about the relevant situation in selecting and appointing cadres and accept public opinion supervision .
the opinions put forward the need to further improve the mechanism for coordinating cadres ' supervision work .
the organization department of the organization ( personnel ) departments should strengthen cooperation with discipline inspection organs , establish a system of contact with the discipline inspection organs , and establish a system of contact with the discipline - inspection organs in relation to the work of improving the party 's work style , building a clean and honest government , and enhancing supervision .
in conjunction with discipline inspection organs , it is necessary to conscientiously carry out inspection work , improve inspection methods , improve inspection systems , and improve inspection quality .
in conjunction with auditing organs , the auditing organs should conscientiously carry out the auditing system for leading cadres .
it is necessary to improve the internal supervision mechanism for the work of selecting and appointing cadres .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) taiwan authorities punish high - tech leading enterprises with illegal investments
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 16 ( reporter chen 键兴 ) the economic affairs department of the taiwan authorities decided on 15 february to punish the new taiwan dollar ( 有限公司 ) , one of the 雄 - 雄 雄 , and the new taiwan dollar .
taiwan 's " chung - kuo shih - pao " report says that this is chen shui - bian 's first case of punishing taiwan businessmen investing in the mainland after chen shui - bian 's active management of the cross - strait economic and trade policy of “ and 开放 .
according to reports , 人士 人士 , a member of the economic affairs commission of taiwan 's ministry of economy and trade , was fined $ ” for violating the regulations on investment or technological cooperation between the people on both sides of the strait .
in the future , “ and ” will also impose fines on former chairman of the board of directors of the federation , robert tsao .
the ” - ” case started in february 2005 , which was launched by the taiwan prosecutors investigation department in february 2005 .
robert tsao , then chairman of the joint wire board , openly stated that joint electric power did not violate any regulations of the taiwan authorities , combined electricity to the ships and technology , and provided assistance to the united microelectronics industry as soon as possible .
after that , the 当局 financial supervision and management committee of the taiwan authorities imposed a new nt $ 3 - million new taiwan dollar on the excuse of violating relevant commercial information disclosure regulations .
on january 9 , 2006 , the board of the board of directors accepted robert tsao 's resignation , robert tsao was formally indicted in several hours for suspected investment in the mainland .
the united microelectronics corp . and the taiwan stock electronics corporation ( 体 ) said that taiwan 's “ 圆 ” is a high - tech leading enterprise on the island .
the series of actions that the taiwan authorities have taken over the past year have received great attention from various circles on the island .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) china 's second “ 大赛 essay contest to be held in the world
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 17 ( reporter li kun ) the organizing committee on macao 's ” ” , the second in my heart , announced in beijing on 17 march that it will join the world in drawing up an essays on the theme of 澳门 in the hearts of the chinese people in the world .
this essay contest was jointly sponsored by the macao foundation and the literary and art publishing house , and chen meritorious , vice chairman of the china writers association .
on the occasion of the fifth anniversary of the return of macao to the motherland in 2004 , the 澳门 essays competition in the first “ of the first “ of macao was held in the hearts of the people at home and abroad .
in a news briefing on the 17 th , wu 志良 , a member of the macao foundation administrative committee , said that the 历史 district of macao was listed in the world cultural heritage list .
wu 志良 said that the " 海外版 overseas edition " of the macao foundation and the cultural and art publishing house of the macao foundation decided to co - operate in the second “ 散文 in macao .
according to presentations , the draft of the competition will be held on 1 september this year , and the " 海外版 overseas edition " will open up a special column for competition .
the results of the selection ceremony will be held in the macao sar in early 2007 .
shandong successfully carried out a child transplant operation for a child
xinhua news agency , jinan , february 17 ( zhang yuqing , shen yuqing , 沈 瑶琴 ) the institute of cardiovascular diseases of the jinan military region has recently successfully carried out a child transplant operation .
the reporter saw on the 17th in the intensive care room that the 50 - day infant 's face , all monitoring and inspection indexes were normal , and the operation was smoothly tested in the critical period of the operation .
according to a doctor 's briefing on the same day , the baby girl from 泰安 village in 泰安 county , shandong province was sent to the hospital for a whole body of respiratory tract , respiratory tract disease , respiratory tract disease , and 检查 congenital heart disease .
the heart of heart transplant is the most complicated operation in heart surgery .
in particular , there is still a blank in the heart transplant operation of infants under the age of 1 .
the institute of cardiovascular diseases of the jinan military region organized experts to repeatedly demonstrate that the operation and operation plan had been carefully designed , and the animal was developed independently .
the operation officially began at 8 : 00 a. m . on 28 december 2005 .
a baby who was breathing with congenital lung development due to congenital lung development has died .
the operation was in line with six blood vessels , with more than 510 sharp 针 , and each 一针针 was less than 3 mm .
forty - two minutes later , the operation achieved a complete success .
china 's top priority to curb coal mine accidents
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 17 ( reporter liu zheng ) there have been four serious accidents in the past year in which the situation of safe production of coal mines in the whole country has turned out to be the top priority of the national security supervision work .
the reporter learned from the state administration of safe production and supervision that it is necessary to really curb major accidents such as coal mine , and the coal mine is the most important task .
in this year 's coal mine safety , the state administration of industry and commerce will pay close attention to the following three things :
―― continued to fight a tough battle to harness gas .
in this year 's gas control , it is necessary to put “ in a prominent position .
if the gas mine is not put into practice , it will be ordered to immediately halt production according to law .
he continued to do a good job in rectifying and closing tough battles .
it is necessary to make a public notice of 个 , plus more than 700 coal mine pits that have recently been reported by various localities .
it is necessary to shut down close - to - close work as regular work , and constantly close down coal mines that undermine the environment of the pollution of natural resources .
the safety of coal mines should be strengthened .
it is necessary to immediately correct the establishment of a standardized safety management system for the small mines that have been put in order to stop a small number of large - scale state - owned coal mine management and to guide management in a disorderly manner .
in particular , it is necessary to pay attention to state - owned key coal mines , and absolutely not allow ultra - high - level personnel to produce more than 定员 .
in this year 's safety production quotas , the number of accidents in various types of accidents in the whole country has dropped by 3% percent over last year .
the number of extraordinarily serious accidents involving more than 10 people has been reduced , and the number of coal mines dropped by 7% percent .
these control targets have already been assigned to the provincial people 's governments at various levels , and various localities are divided into the grass - roots level and enterprises .
statistics show that the coal mine accident in the country in 2005 was 5986 million , a decrease of 0.7% percent compared with the same period last year .
however , a total of more than 10 people were killed and more than 10 people were killed in the accident .
barroso calls for compromise in kosovo 's future
xinhua news agency , belgrade , february 17th ( reporter he yi ) according to information from the european commission , president barroso of the european commission , in pristina , capital of kosovo , expressed the hope that the parties concerned would make a compromise in the process of the future process of kosovo 's future negotiations and strive for a democratic and multi - ethnic integration .
on the same day , barroso said that the kosovo parties should adopt a tolerant attitude to establish a democratic and multi - ethnic alliance , which is recognized by the international community .
he also stressed that the european commission will do its best to help kosovo develop .
barroso also expressed his concern over the difficulties faced by kosovo in the eight criteria adopted by the united nations .
he believes that the implementation of these standards is the key factor affecting the integration of kosovo and europe .
he also called on all serbs in kosovo to join the kosovo organization to make positive contributions to the realization of democracy and multi - ethnic integration .
barroso arrived in pristina , capital of kosovo , for a one - day visit .
prior to this , barroso visited croatia and serbia and montenegro , and he will also visit macedonia and bosnia - herzegovina .
( the winter olympics ) news analysis : the dispatch of yan yan is possible
xinhua news agency , turin , february 17 , news analysis : the dispatch of yan yan to the incident may not end out
xinhua news agency reporter , gao ying ,
despite repeated warnings from italy , the turin olympic winter games were found to face “ in prison , but at present , it is not very likely to take the lead in the first doping scandal in the winter olympics .
since the opening of turin winter olympic games on 16 july , the first stimulant scandal in turin was uncovered , and 奥.派列娃 was found using banned drugs .
the international olympic committee announced the following day that the 列娃 had been expelled from the winter olympics , and she was also stripped of the 银牌 women 's 15 - kilometer silver medal in the winter olympics .
on the same day , the international 冬季两项 league made a decision on banning the ban on the ban on children .
all along , the ioc has stipulated that athletes were found to have used stimulants at the olympic games , and they were stripped of their results and were stripped of their qualification .
however , in accordance with italy 's law , athletes carrying and using stimulants are criminal acts . the judiciary has the right to directly arrest and investigate athletes who have been using stimulants , and they are still facing three to three years of imprisonment .
in december last year , the international olympic committee and the italian government finally reached an agreement after a year of long - term bargaining , and the two sides agreed to deal with the doping incident in accordance with italy 's law .
with the unremitting efforts of the international olympic committee , italy made concessions four days before the opening of the olympic games , promised that the police would not enter the olympic village , but the doping test will still be accepted by the italian prosecutors .
according to reports , the italian government 's supervision over the winter olympic games in turin was handed over to the prosecutor 's office in turin .
however , the international olympic committee and the 佩斯坎特 have yet to confirm this .
队医 安.德米托夫 , russia 's 冬季两项 , disclosed at noon on 17 november that the dispatch of 列娃 has left turin and returned home .
chinese sports officials who had worked in the world anti - doping agency for many years believed that the matter would end up without delay , and that the matter could end without delay .
shi said that the international olympic committee and the italian government have never been completely resolved on the anti - doping issue of the olympic games .
according to the penalties imposed by italy on the use of stimulants in the past , the maximum penalty for banning banned drugs was only two years reprieve .
for this reason , senior italian journalist 皮埃里 表示 said that the possibility of sending 列娃 to jail is very slim , and it is at most a fine .
皮埃里 also said that although the italian court could be absent from trial , the italian police could not go to foreign countries to get back to jail .
if the italian side refuses to accept the verdict , the italian side will have no alternative .
all countries in the world strictly guard against fan
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 18 , xinhua news agency reported that bird flu has spread further in the african continent .
the world health organization confirmed on 17 march that egypt had three bird flu cases in three areas .
in europe , france has also discovered the 禽流感 bird flu virus for the first time , and europe 's high degree of vigilance against the disease is strengthened .
the world health organization ( who ) has discovered bird flu virus in cairo , egypt and three areas in southern egypt , the world health organization ( who ) said on tuesday .
the experts pointed out that egypt is an important channel for migratory birds in the middle east and north africa to bring into hong kong the possibility of bringing the virus into hong kong .
egypt has announced that it will ban imports of live poultry from abroad and strengthen quarantine at border ports .
more than 800 chickens died in a chicken farm in the capital of yaounde in the past week .
cameroon has decided to suspend the import of all poultry and pork from the bird flu epidemic , and suspend poultry and related trade in all markets in the two countries .
the government has also set up an epidemic monitoring network covering a whole country within a short period of time , and the 巴斯德 center and the national 兽医学 laboratory have also been urgently awaiting orders , so as to carry out laboratory tests on the H5N1 virus .
in europe , denmark , sweden and sweden , the two countries ruled out the epidemic .
swedish veterinary institute released the test results of the dead swans found on wednesday , indicating that the swedish swan virus had not been infected with bird flu .
according to the danish veterinary authority , 30 dead swans were found in denmark in recent days .
however , the agricultural sector said that denmark still cannot take it lightly .
eastern europe has nine bird flu sites since the beginning of this year , who said in bucharest that the danube delta region has had bird flu , which is likely to be threatened in the next three years or five years .
in bangladesh , the government has taken all necessary measures to prevent avian flu .
the government of the government has provided the relevant officials with books on prevention of avian influenza , and also organized poultry farmers to undergo training .
( newspaper clippings ) china 's first sharing of blood information management system
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 18 , china 's first sharing of blood information management control network has been officially completed and put into use in the center , according to a source from the blood center of zhejiang province .
the source of blood at the blood center in zhejiang said that it would be a unique code of practice for any citizen in zhejiang to donate blood for blood in any county in zhejiang .
the responsible person further explained that if the relevant codes show that the distance between the 无偿献血者 and the 无偿献血者 is still not yet reached , it will be inappropriate to keep this blood transfusion condition .
in this way , not only can it protect its health , but it can also effectively protect the health and safety of the 者 .
in addition , when the blood supply is tense , 献血者 and their family members have the right to give priority to 权 , and you can immediately display the message that the message is very convenient .
according to hangzhou 's " today 's morning news , " this information system has already been put into use by all 36 blood organizations in the province , and the blood resources of all the units in the province are also shown in real time .
emergency evacuation of 11 villages in the philippines
xinhua news agency , manila , february 18 , manila , february 18 ( xinhua ) 11 villages in the philippines were evacuated to prevent recurrence of similar landslides in the eastern philippines .
官员 官员 , an official of the southern 莱特省 city , said that the mountain landslide occurred in the same area on the same day .
residents of 11 villages left out will be placed in seven evacuated centers .
莱里亚斯 said that the government yesterday ordered residents to evacuate , and today they sent people to inspect these villages because some people do n't want to leave their homes .
on the 17 th , the mountain landslide occurred in a village in southern 莱特省 town of 莱特省 town in southern china 's southern 莱特省 city . on the television screen , the soil and stones were buried in the whole village . only a few roofs were buried .
because the soil is very strong and the humidity is very high , the hope of being buried below is very slim .
at present , 109 people have died and 57 were rescued .
according to estimates , the death toll caused by this accident may reach 1,800 people .
( hometown of overseas chinese ) , southern fujian 's hometown of overseas chinese , quanzhou , fujian province , january exports up 35.2% percent year on year
fuzhou , february 19 , xinhua ( reporter : guo yu ) in january this year , the province 's foreign trade export continued to grow at a high speed .
according to customs statistics , in january this year , quanzhou made a total of 美元 billion us dollars in exports , making the best record in history , up 35.2% percent over the same period last year .
according to an analysis by the quanzhou city bureau of foreign trade , the reason for the high growth in foreign trade in january this year was mainly attributed to the robust export enthusiasm of various foreign trade support services , the brisk operation of the economy , and the strengthening of enterprise operational confidence .
