gutach : even more safety for pedestrians
they are not 100 meters away from each other : on tuesday in gutach the new b 33 pedestrian traffic lights were put into operation at the village parking lot - within sight of the older town hall temple .
two plants so close together : intention or a tortoiseshell ?
yesterday , mr mayor , expert opinion answered this question clearly .
&quot; the town hall temple was installed at that time because it secures the school path , &quot; eckert explained yesterday .
the kluser-traffic light saves cyclists , bus passengers and the mountain inhabitants .
the plant officially opened yesterday was important for the sulzbachweg / kirchstraße crossing area .
we have the museum , two churches , a spa park , the bus stop , a doctor and a bank and the traffic flow from the residential area › grub ‹ .
&quot; with the high traffic and pedestrian traffic , another traffic light had to be built to ensure their safety , &quot; eckert said .
this is confirmed by peter arnold of the district council of offenburg .
&quot; according to current measurements , approximately 12 000 vehicles pass through the municipality of gutach on the b 33 daily , including about 10 percent heavy goods traffic , &quot; says arnold .
therefore , building another set of traffic lights is more than necessary : &quot; safety is just about the way ahead &quot; , says arnold .
the first public transport was in the city of kabul , which was built in 1883 .
according to arnold , the location of the traffic lights was tested before : &quot; by means of an extra for us with particularly long trunks of loaders we have tested whether these vehicles could be driven out of zelmast .
the approximately eur 15 000 expensive traffic light system itself is the &quot; most modern thing currently on the market &quot; , explained arnold .
the facility is equipped with coloured leds , which give a strong glow that the lights are easily visible by the drivers , for example , even in the low sunshine .
and it is also economical : the older lighting systems use about 100 watts , the new one just eight watts .
there are three light installations per direction of travel .
arnold explained the technique of the new system : this is equipped with two radar sensors .
if the pedestrian pushes the traffic light button , the upper radar sensor tests the traffic situation .
if the road is free , the pedestrian will be immediately green , if not , it will take about 15 seconds .
another radar sensor checks whether the pedestrian &apos;s green phase can be completed .
&quot; if a group or disabled people go out of the street , the green phase is extended , so everyone is safe via the road , &quot; said arnold .
of course , the motorists must take part in the task of thinking as partners and watching the track .
this was not the case yesterday : hardly the traffic light showed up for pedestrians green , noise a superclass vehicle - with bright red .
josef winkler has been writing for more than 30 years the plight of his childhood and youth from the soul .
the catastrophes of his catholic village childhood - the lack of speech , the tendency to rough violence and blunt sexuality , the close and joyous - have been described by carinthian poet in many .
the prize winner is known primarily as a prose author , theatre texts are in his work rar .
collage from prosa-texts gerhard fresacher presents a collage of prosatics for his performance &quot; wetter lamps on the tongue &quot; , which is now to be seen in garage x on st. peter &apos;s square .
the theater maker combines elements from the autobiographically shaped novel &quot; the serf &quot; ( 1987 ) with prosaminiatures from &quot; corpus nam , his family belauernd &quot; ( 2003 ) .
the most important requirement is a crumpled sofa , on which hints are coupled and masturbated , and the eight-member seal is attached .
director fresacher seems to have little confidence in the text .
the 70-minute performance outlines the template with a wealth of regime intrusions , known from the repertoire of post-dramatic game forms .
the actors in particular are often involved in some questionable scenic transpositions .
they are seized hard , dipped under water with their head , tamed to the wall with their evening robes .
embedded in cellophan or mieder , stack on dangerous high stacks by staging , either monologize loudly or lie stumbled on the stage floor .
the text is hardly imparted in this hard-pressed way , however .
the best moments of the evening when songs are sung - the bandwidth ranges from deep purple to folk song .
only towards the end is the overlapping performance a bit quiet , and winkler ’ s absurd humor is glaring .
a blackbox in the car ?
us road planners are looking for a source of money to repair the decaying highway system , and believe they have found the solution in a small black box that can find every car in the dashboard .
the devices that record every kilometre of hazard and report information to the authorities are at the heart of a controversial attempt by washington and state planning offices to override the outdated system of financing us american roads .
the usually rather boring area of road planning has suddenly sparked an intense debate with colourful alliances .
libertarians have joined environmental groups in arguing that the government can use the small boxes to record the kilometres of traffic , and possibly also where they have been driven , and then use the tax information to calculate them modestly .
the tea party is horrified .
the american civil rights association ( aclu ) is also deeply concerned and expresses a number of data protection concerns .
but , while congress cannot agree on a course of action , several states are no longer waiting .
they are currently examining how to change over the next ten years to a system where drivers pay per mile of risk .
thousands of drivers have already tested the tachographs , some of which are equipped with gps monitoring .
this is really a must for our country .
“ it is not that we may only use , ” said hasan ikhrata , managing director of southern california assn. of governments , who record all the dangerous miles .
the way we pay these taxes will change .
the technology is there for that .
the initiative comes at a time when the hwy trust fund , which is financed from taxes , is bankrupt for americans at the pole .
but america is no longer tanking as much as it used to be .
cars consume less petrol .
the government mineral oil tax of 18.4 cents per gallon ( less than 4 cents per litre ) has not increased for 20 years .
politicians do not dare to raise the tax at high prices , even to raise a cent .
“ the gasoline tax is simply not sustainable , ” says lee munnich , an expert in traffic legislation at the university of minnesota .
his state recently equipped 500 cars with tachographs to test a mile-based pay system .
“ this is the most sensible long-term alternative , ” he said .
bureaucrats call it mile-based user charge .
it is not surprising that the idea has been echoed by urban liberals , for example , the tax could be used to influence driving behaviour in such a way that congestion and climate-damaging exhaust gases are reduced .
california ’ s planners rely on the system for formulating strategies to achieve the federal state ’ s ambitious , law-abiding goals on climate change .
but republican bill shuuster from pennsylvania , chairman of the house transportation committee , has also stated that he sees it as the most viable long-term alternative .
the free marketers of the reason foundation are also pleased with the idea of paying drivers after the distance travelled .
“ this is not a tax that disappears in a black hole , ” explains adrian moore , vice-president of the directive at reason .
people pay directly for what they get .
the movement is also supported by two former us transport ministers who , in a 2011 report , called on congress to move toward meil-based settlement .
the us senate approved a $ 90 million pilot project last year , which would have included 10,000 cars .
but the majority of the house of representatives prevented the move , responding to the concerns of rural meps representing people who often have to travel many miles on their way to work or to the city in everyday life .
several states and large cities are nevertheless moving in this direction on their own .
oregon , currently recruiting 5,000 drivers for the country ’ s largest experiment , is the most committed .
these drivers will soon pay the mileage fee to the state instead of the petroleum tax .
nevada has already completed a pilot project .
new york city is also considering such a thing .
illinois tests it with trucks to a limited extent .
and the i-95 coalition , which includes the transport ministries of 17 states on the east coast ( including maryland , pennsylvania , virginia , and florida ) , is currently investigating how .
the concept is not a universal hit .
in nevada , where 50 volunteers were recently equipped with equipment , motorists were sceptical about thinking that the government could pursue any of their movements .
“ concerns against big brother and such things were a big problem , ” explains alauddin khan , head of strategy and result management at the nevada transport ministry .
people did not want it .
when the test started , the aclu of nevada warned on its website , “ it would be relatively easy to turn the tachographs into full-scale surveillance devices . ”
there is no need to build a giant , obscure technological infrastructure that would inevitably be used to collect data on the daily movements of individuals .
nevada is one of a number of states that are now looking for affordable technology that allows the state to capture the kilometres that are driving , but not exactly when and where .
that , khan argued , would also reassure the public .
the hunt for this technology has led some authorities to a small startup company called true mileage in california .
the company was not originally set up to help states tax drivers .
rather , it was their aim to gain a foothold in an emerging market for car insurance , where drivers are to pay on the basis of the miles they have travelled .
however , the devices it tests are also interesting for road planners , because they do not work with gps and only provide limited information that is regularly uploaded via modem .
“ people are more willing to participate if their speed and locations are not recorded , ” ryan morrison , managing director of true mileage , said .
some of these public pilot programmes have made great mistakes .
there are much cheaper and less intrusive ways of doing this .
in oregon , the planners experiment with giving drivers a range of choices .
you can choose a device with or without gps .
or you choose no device at all and pay a lump sum fee based on the miles earned on average by all residents of the state .
others hope to sell the concept of a suspicious public by providing the devices with more functions than with fewer .
in new york city , transport officials want to develop a tax-payable vehicle , pay a insurance cover only for the kilometres travelled , and collect speed data from other vehicles in real time .
“ drivers would be motivated to participate by the added value of the benefits offered by the system , ” says a city planning document .
some transport planners , however , wonder whether all the talk about paying per mile is not just a huge diversion .
at the metropolitan transportation commission for the area of san francisco bay , officials stated that congress could solve the problem of the bankrupt highway trust fund simply by increasing the fuel tax .
an additional one-off fee or annual levy could be imposed on drivers with hybrid vehicles or other vehicles that use less petrol , so that they too pay a fair share .
“ there is no reason to surrender if an aspirin is sufficient , ” explains randy randy rentschler , the commission ’ s head of legislation and public affairs .
if we do that , hundreds of millions of drivers are concerned about their privacy and many other things .
king field : small team wacker beats .
the volunteer fire brigade managed its autumn main test despite a shortage of personnel .
only eleven men participated in the exercise .
in his practice assumption , department commander hans kammerer chose the property feader in burgberger straße .
a short circuit should have been created during sawing .
the fire and the smoke that was going on injured two people , one of whom was still able to send an emergency call .
after the first examination of the facts by hans kammerer , two fire fighters prepared to enter the building .
after a short time , it was possible to find the first person and to lead him into the open .
the second person had to be carried .
this was not so easy , as a narrow staircase could also be overcome .
the building , a workshop with integrated stables for two horses , was not easy to secure .
it had a lot of wood and also stalks .
there were also electrical machines for woodworking .
the first extinguishing attack was carried out via the tank in the vehicle .
the next line was via an overfloor hydrant about 100 meters away .
now three leakage attacks could be designed .
a hollow beam tube was also used in the building .
hans kammerer also had a good time in the exercise to show what to do with staff that are not available .
in case of emergency , support is provided via the königsfeld day-operation group .
the commander was satisfied with the course of the exercise .
networking of universities and companies
during his visit to the breisgau high black forest district , the president of the country , guido wolf , also in titisee neustadt , was informed about where the workers of tomorrow come from .
in the black forest support centre , he worked with the managing school heads and the district gymnasium and the chairmen of the parent committee on this important issue .
&quot; education is an important location factor &quot; , stressed claudia stehle , director of the hans-thoma school school school , who presented the networked school project training center hochschwarzwald .
wolf was impressed by the model projects for training .
since 2011 , the city of forests has had a successful cooperation between the funding centre , the district gymnasium and the vocational training centre .
he also praised the family-friendly surroundings in the county .
&quot; it is important not only to look at the family phase , but also to look after the care of relatives because of demographic change , &quot; wolf explained .
he also mentioned that more and more people were looking after their relatives .
&quot; without the support of employers , the resulting burden on employees can lead to an end to the employment relationship , &quot; wolf said .
but no one can afford to lose qualified workers , he said .
another factor of particular importance is the networking of universities and companies .
&quot; those who have already experienced the benefits of the region during their studies often retain the regional economy with their acquired knowledge and skills , which helps to strengthen the region &quot; , the president convinced himself .
only if adequate training places were offered can the need for skilled workers be met .
he believes that the advantage of the district is its favourable location in south-west germany , in the immediate vicinity of france and switzerland .
he also experienced the efforts already made to expand public transport on his train journey from titisee-neustadt to freiburg .
&apos;keep on stubbornly and ensure that public transport becomes better &apos; , he told the local politicians present .
enjoy an afternoon of music while enjoying a drink .
for 15 years the kaul family has been inviting dietinger seniors to coffee , cake and then to a vesper .
in the past , the elderly were treated in the resting place .
this afternoon is taking place in the st. josef nursing home .
the residents were looking forward to the delicious cakes and cakes .
later there was a sausage salad .
with popular melodies , silvia kimmic-bantle and her father karl kimmich entertained .
the more than 100 years old natural stone wall , as the front delimitation of the old school courtyard to the kirchstraße , which is before the restoration , is to be re-installed on the city of bräunlingen .
in the days before the kilbig , the first works of the rehabilitation of the former school yard built a small corner wall to stabilise and to relieve the static discharge of the more than one hundred years old natural stone wall with balustrade .
the next step , according to alexander misok of the bräunlinger stadtbauamt , is to include the landesmonument office in the planning and to create a rehabilitation concept for the old wall .
the intention is then to calculate costs by experts , who will then be put on the table for the council of municipalities to decide and determine the way forward .
a decision on this is expected to be taken next year .
after the restoration , ploughing and planting of the old schulinnenhof within the two side wings of the school built in 1912 , the new wall must be put on a temporary basis , with the need for rehabilitation .
the historic , one hundred year old delimitation wall of the old school yard to the kirchstraße , is rehabilitated mainly by water and frost damage , as there is no drainage available , and has a curtain .
deep cracks in individual stones are evidence of weather damage , but the wall is not in danger of collapse at the moment .
a stable wall is a prerequisite for a school-hof , which is what is happening with the current mounting work .
originally , the school hospital renovation was planned even in 2008 / 2009 , but high unplanned expenditure caused a postponement .
the landesmonument office will be a key word in the historic restoration of the school walls , which has even been used for film shots .
if the guidelines are to come from this side , the city hopes to receive grants from the monument preservers .
the pupils of the bräunlinger primary school , who are now taught in a well renovated old school building with a new aula , can soon use the old school courtyard .
özdemir wants to receive jazz training in stuttgart
cem özdemir , the federal leader of the greens , has now also intervened in the ongoing discussions on the future of the music colleges in baden-württemberg .
&quot; i think it is wrong to give up the holistic training at the musikhochschule stuttgart , &quot; said özdemir the &quot; stuttgart news &quot; .
jazz and classical music are currently being held at the jazz location stuttgart .
this is contrary to the green red government of stuttgart , which is regarded as a favorite for a direct mandate at the federal elections on 22 september .
this will push for a reorganisation of the five music universities in baden-württemberg on the basis of an expert study .
the programme will then be relocated from the musikhochschule stuttgart to the musikhochschule mannheim , among others .
us border : &apos; super tunnel &apos; to drug smuggling
on the border between mexico and the us , investigators have discovered and decommissioned a &apos; super tunnel &apos; to drug smuggling .
as the us customs authorities have said , the more than 500 metre long tubes between tijuana and san diego were equipped with electricity , rail tracks and an aeration plant .
three suspects were thus arrested , eight tonnes of marijuana and almost 150 kilograms of cocaine were confiscated .
according to the information provided , the tunnel had not yet been used .
&quot; this cartels are stupid if you think you could dig yourself under the radar , &quot; said the u.s. secretary general of the u.s. district , southern california , at laura duffy , was discovered .
duffy , who was directed at drug gangs , said : &quot; if you continue to build such tunnels and try to use them , we are determined to make it a huge waste of your dirty money . &quot;
both the us authorities and the mexican security forces are in a permanent fight against the drug cartels .
since 2006 , more than 77,000 people have been killed in mexico in connection with drug-related crime .
constructed by experts
due to the complex equipment of the tunnel , investigators assume that it was constructed by architects and engineers and that the construction took about a year .
the track system was equipped to operate electric cars .
on the mexican side , access is in a building 80 meters from the border .
according to the authorities , a ladder takes 20 meters to the depth to the tunnel entrance itself .
the tunnel has a cross-section of 1.20 metres and a width of 90 centimeters .
it would have been a good way of encouraging illegal immigration to the united states .
two of the suspects were arrested in connection with the cocaine fund .
the third , a mexican , was arrested for the seized marijuana .
all three are threatened with a maximum sentence of life imprisonment , as officials have said .
eight such tunnels have been discovered since 2006 , and the san diego press conference continued to call them .
it is the first time cocaine has been found in such a tunnel construction .
normally cocaine is smuggled in smaller quantities , not by tunnels .
this shows the &quot; despair &quot; of the drug gangs whose traditional routes have now been cut off , bill sherman said of the dea drug search in san diego .
they would do everything they can to get to the us .
no details were given on the detainees , at least one of them was mexicans , they were said .
they have to expect prison sentences of up to ten years .
2014 will be the feast year
the anniversary of geisingen on the occasion of the 1250 .
the return of the first documentary mention is getting closer and closer .
when the year ends in just over eight weeks , the anniversary year will come .
geisingen and kirchen-hausen were first mentioned together in documents in 794 .
a document was produced in churches , mentioning both places .
the first church event was mentioned in 1250 years ago in the town of kirchen , in which both were first mentioned in 1250 years ago , in the absence of any hall .
the jubilee will host a number of events in both geisingen and kirchen-hausen .
kirchen-hausen will be 1250 in july on a weekend of festivals from 18 to 20 july .
reunion is celebrating .
on friday with a ceremony , saturday and sunday with a feast around the church hall .
this weekend the church house of the church is also open to the public .
rudolf barth , director of the city of music , wrote a composition for the city on the occasion of the jubilee , which is listed on three dates .
on june 21 together with the sunday celebration of the schwarzwaldverein , on july 12 in the arena with fireworks and on december 13 as the first concert of the city &apos;s music in the new festhalle .
the official date for the anniversary is the last weekend of september 27 and 28 .
a new chronicle is also being released on the occasion of the geisinger city anniversary .
&quot; it should be a chronicle not only of geisingen itself , but also a printed work about the geissingen of today , which is also made up of günsingen , kirchen-hausen , leichern .
today ’ s geisingen also celebrates 2014 birthday , and in 1974 the present space with the congregations was completed .
the new chronicle will be presented on 21 or 22 november at the new festhalle in geisingen .
2014 is also a year with many jubilee .
the narrenzunft strahglonki starts on february 8 with a traditional evening on the occasion of its 60-year existence , the harmonie gutmadingen will be 90 years old and will celebrate the festbanquet on may 29 .
the old-age leipferdingen factory is 40 years old , the geisinger school has been at the new location for 50 years and celebrates it on may 10 , the polyhymnia leipzig music association celebrates it 150 years .
the town of geisingen was first documented in 764 in a certificate of donation owned by the st. gallen monastery .
the document was produced in churches ( hausen ) , which was then a court court .
both communities are thus mentioned in the same document .
the reason 2014 to celebrate this 1250 year old accordingly , in addition the municipal form is 40 years ago .
council is targeting rail systems
should the train crossing &quot; at the hirschen &quot; be reconstructed in a costly way in order to increase road safety ?
yes , the local councils have decided .
schiltach must therefore provide eur 220 000 .
the deutsche bahn wants to improve the kinzigtal railway line in the coming year .
the main purpose of this is to increase safety at railway crossings - there are frequent collisions between trains and other vehicles throughout germany .
if the municipalities agree to the restructuring measures , they must contribute a third to the costs , the rest share the railways and the confederation .
schiltah &apos;s town builder roland grießhaber explained to the town council the peculiarities of the bahrain transition &quot; am hirschen &quot; .
the city plans to build an extension to the tunnelmund there west of the railway track .
larger vehicles , such as those transporting long timber , could also be in the opposite direction without having to block the tracks .
the greeks therefore proposed to construct a necessary fortification wall in such a way that the city could expand the road to the next one in due course , in order to ensure a smooth flow of traffic .
this was discussed in a controversial manner in the council , because some councils questioned the need for road traffic : thomas kipp , in his statement , put the sentiment of the critics on the subject : &quot; must we take so much money on account of so few vehicles ?
mayor thomas haas contradicted : the train crossing &quot; hirschen &quot; is regularly used for long-distance transports .
even wood from the &quot; kuhbach &quot; area is partly transported across this route , because the 20-metre long vehicles could not use the route along the häberlesbrücke bridge because they could not turn into the main road .
moreover , the route serves as a rerouting for those vehicles that are not allowed to use the tunnel when the main road is closed , haas argued .
the route along the river hirschen is also a long one , but it is not possible to see that the railway pass &quot; am &quot; in the schirschen valley is a major traffic route .
the councils agreed to have the costs investigated by the thought to widen the road .
despite this , the majority of the members agreed to rebuild the railway crossing , with the proviso that the necessary support wall would be built in such a way that the city could build the following road towards &quot; bahnhofstrasse &quot; , if necessary , for 5.5 metres .
the transformation of the railway crossing at the gerberei trautwein could , however , cause a completely different problem , which concerns access to the rapidly rising &quot; geroltzhäuser weg &quot; .
the administration had the railway redevelopment plans investigated by the engineering bureau breinlinger , since they had doubts about whether the planned connection of the geroltzhaus weg was then easily possible .
the investigation concluded that it was not possible to rule out the tilting conditions of the road leading to longer vehicles being mounted .
the city , in turn , bears responsibility for this as a road loader .
the conversion could therefore lead to liability disputes .
haas argued that , because both the timber removal and the bending worked in the current state of expansion , it would not be acceptable to rebuild the railway transition .
the risk of a collision of the train with a vehicle on the transition is also much lower than the other railway crossings , because the stop at the center is next to it , which is a good view connection .
even trains from the main station would have to be braked to the point where there was no collision .
the majority of the members refused to approve the restructuring of this railway transition , since the city of schiltach would have to &quot; take the burden &quot; of the installed vehicles , according to the councils , since the railway may withdraw its responsibility after construction .
the board considers the reconstructions at the &quot; vertreten heubach &quot; and &quot; vor-kuhbach &quot; railway crossings , for which agreements have already been made with the railways , as no problem .
esa decides on major space emissions : missions for billions of dollars .
far off planets , gravity waves or black holes - experts from the european space agency must now agree on two major projects that they are going to start in the coming years .
30 proposals were available , five are still in the race .
far off worlds .
more than 1000 planets in other stars have already found astronomers .
whether there are at least some of them living is not known .
the choice is difficult : should one search for gravity waves ?
or would you rather explore the cosmos origin ?
or explore the earth like planets and discover alien life ?
these are questions that are being put by the people responsible for the european space agency ( esa ) .
for your cosmic vision programme , you are looking for ideas for two major space projects , which are intended to make the research a decisive step forward .
the budget for such &apos; l missions &apos; is approximately eur 1 billion each .
the launch is expected to be 2028 and 2034 .
at the beginning of september , the elite of european space research met in paris to discuss proposals for such missions .
thirty ideas were on the table , five of which have now come to the narrow choice .
numerous bodies are examining the proposals and are reviewing the researchers .
the scientific programme committee will make a final decision in the next few days .
the esa has selected four major questions to which the missions of the cosmic vision programme initiated in 2007 will be answered .
what are the conditions for the emergence of planets and life ?
the exact processes of the formation of stars from large gas clouds - and thus the formation of planets encircling these stars - are still in proverbial darkness .
a large infrared telescope in space could penetrate this dark .
and if a star has a planet , what circumstances can life arise there ?
in order to investigate this question , the space telescope &quot; cheops &quot; will be launched in 2017 , which will examine 500 already known planetary systems in our immediate surroundings .
but the possibilities are limited , cheops is a small mission with a budget of eur 150 million .
with larger instruments , astronomers could map earth like planets and even analyze the composition of their atmospheres , and thus search for &quot; biomarkers &quot; : gases that are considered as an indication of biological activity .
how does the solar system work ?
this issue , too , should ultimately provide an insight into the conditions for the creation of life .
the magnetic field &apos;s magnetic activity and the interaction of its magnetic field and particle radiation with the planetary system play an important role .
in our solar system these processes can be analysed exemplary .
with the solar orbiter , the esa has already approved a m class mission ( there the budget is around eur 1 billion ) for this issue .
the probe is scheduled to start in 2017 and closely monitor the sun ’ s surface and activity .
jupiter and his moons are also of great interest to researchers .
you want to find out what the giant planet &apos;s role has been in developing the solar system .
the esa therefore provides for the first of the three l missions of the cosmic vision programme .
the probe &quot; juice &quot; ( jupiter icy moons explorer ) will begin your journey in 2022 .
eight years later , jupiter was able to explore the planet &apos;s atmosphere and the icy moons of europe , kallisto and ganymed .
what are the basic physical laws of the universe ?
space offers many possibilities for study material in extreme conditions and for examining whether the laws of nature we know are still valid there .
perhaps there are also deviations that could lead physicists to a new theory , under which all known natural laws can be united .
how did the universe come into being and what is it made of ?
our cosmos was created by the big bang 13.7 billion years ago .
besides the material we know , from stars , planets , and living beings like us , there are dark matter whose gravity galaxies and galaxies act together , and accelerate through dark clusters .
so far , researchers have not known which physical laws were valid in the first fractional second of the big bang , nor what are dark matter and dark energy .
with euclid , the esa has already approved an m mission , which is scheduled to start in 2020 .
the probe is intended to examine the distribution of matter in the universe for the first time in the sky , thus allowing conclusions on the nature of dark matter and dark energy .
who could make the race
of the 30 proposals , only two will remain at the end of the selection process .
many experts say that the best chance of obtaining an l-mission is &quot; e-lisa &quot; , a sophisticated concept for proving gravity waves .
physicists mean changes in the structure of space time , which albert einstein predicted nearly 100 years ago .
they have not been proven to date .
elisa could do that , the scientists hope to be behind the project .
the mission envisages a detector consisting of two or three probes , which is stationed in space .
unlike plants on earth , it could also prove gravity waves created during the big bang , thus providing new insights into the emergence of the cosmos .
four more proposals still compete for the second l-mission : a large x-ray telescope called &quot; athena &quot; , which is supposed to investigate among other things black holes , &quot; to feel the planet &apos;s ecy planets &quot; .
the project has already left behind proposals for the repatriation of samples from mars , for research into moon , venus and asteroids , and solar physics .
snowden is willing to “ cooperate ” with germany in terms of us surveillance .
edward snowden , the whistleblower of the us secret service , has stated that he is prepared to travel to berlin and to announce that before the german bundestag , if the american national security agency and its director , will .
the german member , mr hans-christian ströbele , met snowden on thursday in russia , where he received asylum to discuss with him the statement in germany .
in a letter from snowden , presented to the media in berlin on friday of ströbele , he writes : “ although the outcome of my efforts has been demonstrably positive , my government continues to treat a dissent with political defense as possible .
but telling the truth is not a crime .
in the letter , snowden writes that he believes that the support of the international community can convince the american government to drop the charge against him .
the prosecution issued by the us ministry of justice includes spying and theft of state property .
german interior minister hans-peter friedrich said online about time : “ if mr snowden is prepared to talk to german representatives , we will find ways of making this possible . ”
us-germany relations are burdened by claims that the nsa has intercepted chancellor angela merkel ’ s mobile phone .
thomas oppermann , the member of parliament , who chairs the secret service parliamentary committee , said that one should take the opportunity to listen to snowden as a witness , if possible , “ without jeopardising relations with the us and without him . ”
ströbele , a member of the greens , published an image of himself and snowden in his twitter feed .
he was accompanied by two german journalists during his visit to russia .
ströbele explained that , according to the lawyer of the former nsa employee , snowden could not return to russia if he left the country .
if snowden says in germany , he needs an assurance that he is “ safe ” there , the honourable member says .
snowden explains in his letter that he would be faced with a “ serious and ongoing ” campaign of persecution that had driven him out of his home country .
it is , however , touched by the global response to “ my act of political expression . ”
citizens around the world , as well as high-level politicians – including in the united states – have called revelations about an uncontrolled system of comprehensive surveillance a merit of the public .
in his letter , snowden makes a offer of cooperation to the german authorities “ when the difficulties surrounding the humanitarian situation have been resolved ” .
frontier airlines charges for hand baggage
frontier airlines plans to charge up to usd 100 from passengers who wish to store their hand baggage on their flight .
frontier airlines intends to charge up to $ 100 for a piece of hand baggage and $ 2 for coffee or lemonade , even if the announcement on wednesday was to keep all the dose .
the new fee applies to hand baggage in the baggage compartment above the seat , small bags under the seat are still free of charge .
frontier explained that you charge $ 25 if you pay in advance and $ 100 for passengers who paid only on the boarding gate .
front-runner kate o &apos;malley said that the fee of $ 100 is intended to encourage travelers to look after the payment in advance .
“ we do not want to calculate this sum , ” she explained .
airlines started charging for the first and second piece of baggage they had booked in 2008 .
passengers who tried to circumvent them have therefore packed as much as possible into their hand baggage , which means that the luggage compartments above the seat are often overcrowded .
charges are one way of getting passengers to take less on board .
o &apos;malley said that the new fee is not really about making money .
it is about the most loyal customers of frontier , who have made it clear that it is becoming increasingly difficult to find a seat in the branch above the seat .
passengers who buy tickets on the airline &apos;s website do not have to pay .
this means that a passenger may be allowed to take one piece of baggage at the frontier gate free of charge , but the next person may have to pay $ 100 for a comparable piece of baggage .
o &apos;malley explained that the frontier website and the check-in procedures would be changed , so that passengers were informed about the fee before they came to the boarding gate .
the new baggage fee from frontier will only enter into force in the summer , and there is no exact date .
passengers often go for baggage charges and other charges , but airlines are happy to return to them .
they argue that the baggage should cost money and passengers should pay for this service if they wish .
many on wall street see the new baggage charges as a sign that airlines are taking enough money to cover the cost of air travel after years of loss .
most of them , however , have so far left the fingers of hand baggage charges .
spirit airlines inc. demanded first hand baggage three years ago , and then allegiant air , also a low-cost carrier .
the only other airline with such a charge is hungarian wizz air , explained the airline consultant jay sorensen , who is closely following the additional charges .
in a report in december 2011 , he estimated that the hand-baggage fee spirit would raise usd 50 million annually .
sorensen , who previously held a position of leader at midwest airlines , has recently flown with spirit and was curious about what the company would expect from the carrier to charge passengers .
“ the boarding process was one of the most smooth i have experienced in my career in aviation , ” he said .
i expected to see teeth and handy discussions at the platform .
“ the plane was full , ” he said , “ and boarding ran as lumped . ”
frontier also follows spirit in the 2 dollars required for coffee , tea , lemonade or juice .
the company explained that passengers who bought limonade or juice could keep the whole can and coffee would be bottled free of charge .
water remains free .
in 2008 , us airways had tried to charge for refreshments for a short period of time , but it reversed seven months after passengers had complained and no other large company had moved on .
frontiers ’ step to charge hand baggage charges if passengers do not buy directly from the airline is the latest initiative aimed at directing customers to their own website .
airlines pay online travel agencies such as orbitz 10 to 25 us dollars per ticket sold .
this will give all companies an incentive to get passengers to buy directly from them instead of via an online travel agency .
however , frontier has gone furthest in this area .
in september , the company started to award half the number of frequent flyer miles when booking through an online travel agency .
on wednesday , miles were reduced yet again to 25 % of the flight .
a flight with a frontier of more than 1000 miles booked by a third party therefore only brings customers 250 miles .
passengers can also only book directly on the website of frontier seats .
frontier has a loyal customer base at its headquarters in denver , but the business is shrinking and the company is losing money .
the revenues declined by 9 % , and flight capacity contracted by almost 13 % in the first quarter , as is evident in the financial report published on wednesday by the parent company , inc .
republic has tried to get the finances of frontier under control as part of the company &apos;s sales .
proverbs come from the bible
more than 40 women visited the last women &apos;s breakfast this year in the protestant parish of bisingen .
the theme of the day in the municipal house were &quot; proverbs from the bible &quot; and &quot; phrases from the middle ages &quot; .
after breakfast , zita köhler , the chairman of the church council , addressed the biblical proverbs in a presentation .
&quot; proverbs contain life wisdom , rules , or warnings , &quot; she explained .
she compared several proverbs to the corresponding biblical places and explained the meaning .
she called proverbs like : a bull &apos;s spell is vigilant , like scales fall from your eyes , cast an eye on someone who gives his mind in sleep , washing his hands of his hands .
several times , the speaker also let her listeners guess what the saying was .
the medieval phrases were followed by the church councillor , christel dehner : all good things are three , make blue , breathe some things .
she explained the meaning and origin of the phrases she called &quot; bridges to the past &quot; .
in the end , a raffle was raffled .
the prizes were covered on a table and were rewritten humorously before being handed over to the winners .
the visitors to the breakfast round also included mayor roman waizenegger .
learning instead of unemployed : pilot project for unskilled tourism
a pilot project for the tourism industry is taking place at the mecklenburg lake district .
under the leadership of the german labour agency , 49 women and men who are already working as unskilled in the industry are to be qualified for hotel and restaurant staff over three winter .
&quot; what is new is that the six-month courses end with degrees , &quot; said carmen wiechert of the labour agency neubrandenburg .
the benefits are manifold : they would not make the participants unemployed , companies would receive trained professionals , who were increasingly lacking in hotels and restaurants , and the agency would not have to finance unemployment .
the project also includes the chamber of commerce and industry in neubrandenburg and the german hotel and restaurant association ( dehoga ) mecklenburg-vorpommern .
nsa explains that it is an “ internal error ” and that it is not hackers that are to blame for crashing the website .
the shadowy national security agency said on late friday that a mistake had paralysed their public website for a few hours , not hackers , as online claims .
“ nsa.gov was not available for a few hours this night because an internal error occurred during a scheduled update , ” explained the spy agency in an email message .
the problem will be fixed this evening .
the claim that the failure was caused by a distributed denial of service attack ( ddos ) was not true .
in the early hours of the evening , online server trackers noticed that the nsa website was not available for at least six hours and that some users still cannot .
previously , a nsa spokesman told abc news that the authority ’ s sensitive internal network was “ not compromised in any way . ”
secret information is not in danger , according to the speaker .
at least one group of hacktivists claimed to have paralysed the nsa website with a ddos attack .
in the case of such attacks , the target site is flooded with page views until the servers are overloaded and the site collapses .
cybertactics are relatively simple , and the attacks do not serve to invade the target system &apos;s internal network .
the former supersecret nsa , whose nickname was once no such agency ( no such authority ) , has now been released in the bright light of the public , and looks like the pretty results published in recent months .
the growing controversy surrounding the secret service fueled initial speculation that the incident today was the result of a targeted cypriot operation .
the number of people without jobs dropped slightly in october by 22 to 1,307 .
although the 3.1 % quota is better than last year and also better than in september , &quot; we would have hoped for more , &quot; says monika felder-bauer , deputy chief executive officer of the agency .
many companies have reacted to attitudes .
one reason for this is , according to felder-bauer , &quot; we have hardly any skilled workers in the craft industry , in health care and in care for the elderly &quot; .
since september , the number of employees in the hotel and restaurant industry has been increasing since the year .
the winter season starts in mid-december .
the full background report can be found in the allgäuer ad blatt dated 31 october 2013 ( page 33 ) .
bombardier &apos;s profit losses following a fall in supply and orders .
the canadian aircraft and rail manufacturer bombardier inc reported a 15 % decline in net profit on thursday , following falling orders and deliveries to aircraft under the third quarter .
bombardier , based in montreal , did not publish flight test data for his brand new cseries airliner and did not give any new information as to whether the aircraft could go next september according to the ambitious commercial schedule .
the maiden flight of the test aircraft a month and a half ago has been followed by only three more take-offs , which makes it doubtful whether the test phase is running as planned .
the results fell short of the forecasts and resulted in a fall in the price of more than 8 % on the toronto stock market .
cameron doerksen , analyst at national bank financial , reduced his assessment of “ outperform ” on “ sector perform ” on thursday , with the stock in the next one to two quarters limited .
“ while weaker delivery numbers were expected for aircraft to a large extent , we are clearly disappointed by the margin development in the transport sector , ” said doerksen in a customer letter .
we believe that bombardier will receive new orders for the cseries when the flight test program is progressing .
however , if no new orders are announced in the coming months , we expect the market to become more skeptical about the programme .
bombardier hopes that the cseries aircraft will be able to catapult the company into the lower market segment , which is currently dominated by boeing and airbus .
the first test aircraft was presented to the public in march and flew for the first time in september after months of delays .
but , until now , binding orders for the cseries are moderate , with 177 , as potential buyers want to wait for the results of flight tests and see whether the company ’ s claims about fuel efficiency and cost savings for the new jet .
currently there are 403 orders and commitments from 15 customers and companies .
ceo pierre beaudoin is confident that bombardier will reach his target of 300 binding orders at the beginning of the commercial use of the jet .
the management also assured analysts and the media that the programme was on schedule on thursday .
“ the test aircraft has not remained on the ground any longer than expected , ” said beaudoin at a telephone conference and added that soil tests and software updates were scheduled during the aircraft ’ s standtime .
every manufacturer plans differently .
we have decided to take a first flight and then append a review period , which is what we have done .
this is done throughout the flight programme .
the second of five test aircraft is expected to start in the next few weeks , the remaining shortly thereafter , it was said by the company side .
nevertheless , analysts remain sceptical as to whether 12 months after the maiden flight the first customer can start a cseries plane .
bombardier explained that it is checking the planning for commissioning ( ice ) and will update it in the coming months .
“ the slow progress of the flight test – though it is obviously bombardier ’ s internal planning – reinforces our view that commissioning is moving to the first quarter of 2015 , ” said doerkke .
in the third quarter at the end of september 30 , bombardiers net profit fell to $ 147 million , or $ 8 million per share , or $ 9 million per share in previous years .
the adjusted profit per share is unchanged at 9 cents .
sales decreased slightly , from $ 4.2 billion to $ 4.1 billion .
analysts expected a profit of 10 cents per share and a turnover of 4.56 billion dollars , according to thomson reuters i / b / e / s / s / s .
the world ’ s fourth largest aircraft manufacturer claims that it delivered 45 aircraft in the quarter , a drop of 57 last year .
net orders fell from 83 aircraft to 26 .
the order book in the aerospace sector stood at $ 32.9 billion on 30 september , unchanged on 31 december .
“ in the aerospace sector , the results were within our limits , but the low intake of orders and overall market conditions were disappointing , ” said beaudoin .
revenues in the aerospace sector fell by 13 % to two billion dollars .
bombardier , the world ’ s largest rail manufacturer , announced that sales in this sector have risen by almost 11 % to $ 2.1 billion .
the order book in the transport division amounted to usd 32.6 billion on 30 september , slightly higher than 31 december .
the profit margin in the transport sector was affected by handling problems in some major contracts .
according to corporate governance , there will be new targets for the fourth quarter .
in the afternoons of trading on thursday , bombardier ’ s share dropped by 8.5 % and fell to 4.83 canadian dollars , after it was also announced that the google finance board will replace patrick pichette .
the brazilian embraer sa , the world ’ s third largest commercial aircraft manufacturer and bombardiers of the closest rival , reported a 10 % decline in quarterly profits on thursday .
usa : bullets at los angeles airport
an unknown person fired shots at lax airport on friday morning ( local time ) .
while the airport administration told twitter via the short news service that the shooter was in custody , the los angeles times reported that the man was dead .
a security man has also been killed .
the media also reported several injured .
us president barack obama is constantly being informed of the situation , said the white house spokesman , jay carney .
the incident occurred in terminal 3 eyewitnesses indicated that they had seen a shooter with a gun in one of the departure halls , as several media reported .
a traveller told the station cnn that many people had been looking for protection in panic .
travellers would have crouched for shells and children .
panic erupted among the waiting party , many would have hidden behind chairs for fear .
he heard two shots , says a traveler of the los angeles times .
a tsa security official has suffered a shot crash .
the scene was &quot; like in a movie &quot; .
after that , he had been brought into a security area himself , the man reported .
the shots should have fallen close to a security control area .
airport buildings evacuated
television screens showed a large number of ambulances and police cars in front of a terminal .
hundreds of people were taken out of the building into safety .
twitter users published photos of a special intervention command and a rifle on the ground .
as the airport management told us via twitter , the incident started at 9.30 a.m. ( local time ) .
the access roads were closed , which caused long delays , according to cnn .
except for landings , air traffic had been temporarily discontinued , it was said .
however , several planes were also visible on cnn at the start .
terminal 3 is mainly operated by smaller us airlines .
los angeles is a major airport in the united states .
cocaine addict , who warned the drug boss of police investigation , must be imprisoned .
basharat ditta , 42 , gave information on the subworld size neil scarborough further on .
the lawyer was afraid that his secret drug addiction might come to light .
he was sentenced by liverpool crown court to three years in prison .
a well-known criminal prosecutor who warned a drug baron of a major police investigation because he was afraid that his secret drug addiction could be detected was sentenced to three years in prison .
basharat ditta , 42 , provided neil scarborough with sensitive information on investigations into his activities in the drug trade after being compromised by his own cocaine addiction .
the criminal ’ s “ first class ” lawyer , nicknamed “ bash , ” was arrested in his house in 2011 , after the police had supervised scarborough , which he had previously conducted a drug trial .
officials watched scarborough ( 32 ) deliver three bags of cocaine at the lawyer ’ s house in blackburn , lancashire , while he was with colleagues at a dinner with colleagues .
the investigation revealed that ditta regularly used class a drugs after tests found traces of cocaine in his hair , his wallet , and credit cards .
over a period of eight months between january and august 2011 , he attempted to obtain unlawful information on the arrest of two men on behalf of scarborough and one of his partners .
all four suspects were then monitored by the police in the course of a major investigation into heroin and cocaine trade in lancashire , cumbria , merseyside , berkshire , and west .
together with 32 other people , they were arrested later , after the police secured heroin and cocaine worth £ 1.5 million and £ 200,000 in cash in a series of house searches .
ditta , 42 , passed on information to the criminals for fearing that his drug addiction could become public .
today , ditta , working for the law firm forbes solicitors in blackburn , was convicted of disability at liverpool &apos;s crown court after a three-week trial on two points of justice .
he admitted cocaine ownership during an earlier survey .
the lawyer was transferred after the police found out in their investigations against scarborough that he had been in regular telephone contact with ditta in february 2011 .
two investigators followed the suspect and saw him go to ditta &apos;s house and put drugs under the dustbin of the lawyer with a pure 60 % in a black golf glove .
shortly after he delivered the drugs , scarborough regularly telephoned ditta , who was in the blackburn rovers football stadium in ewood park at dinner .
the lawyer returned home , took the drugs and nine communications were exchanged between the two .
in court , ditta was known to be a “ regular consumer ” of cocaine after class a drugs were discovered in his hair , wallet , and credit cards .
ditta was arrested later , but stopped taking cocaine and said that he had spoken to the alleged dealer because he was his client , and said that he had been a secret lawyer .
during his arrest , ditta took his wallet and tried to remove a number of credit cards , but they were seized and a hairsample was taken from him .
in the case of police interrogation , he stated that he had an office both at his private address and at the workplace and that clients would call him at home for legal matters .
it was announced in court that he had called important drug trafficking players , some of whom he had previously represented , after significant arrests and informed the investigators of their knowledge .
prosecutor anne whyte said : “ a criminal lawyer should know better than anyone that the law is not breaking . ”
ditta is accused of abusing his position as a criminal defender , because he has become too involved with certain clients .
the relationship in question is not simply that of a drug dealer , but of a drug dealer who supplies his lawyer with drugs .
some of his communications were undoubtedly legitimate , because he was the lawyer for these people .
but that went far beyond the limits of a normal relationship between lawyer and client .
he was involved in police investigations as far as possible so that they could continue to pursue their criminal activities .
mr ditta has thus discredited his profession .
he was too close to certain clients , in particular scarborough , and he allowed his independence to be compromised .
ditta pointed out every misconduct and said , “ if i were a corrupt lawyer , which i am not , and wanted to pass on information to scarborough , i would wait immediately , not 15 hours . ”
but , after the hearing , superintent lee halstead said from the lancashire police : “ mr ditta has taken the step from a criminal defender to a criminal purchase at the moment he began criminals . ”
his cocaine addiction led to a hopeless compromising and made him susceptible to the motives of leading members of organized crime who instructed him to obtain valuable information on police investigations .
lawyers must maintain the highest standards of integrity and ensure public confidence and confidence .
ditta has betrayed this trust and tried to hide behind the facade of his profession .
the serious and organised crime unit of lancashire led the investigation of ditta , which also led to a conviction in three cases on account of the possession of cocaine and our judicial determination to strike .
this case should be a warning to criminals and shows that no one can escape the arm of the law .
we find them and bring them to justice .
scarborough himself was sentenced to 14 years in prison after he declared himself guilty of conspiracy to heroin , cocaine , and cannabis .
thirty-five more people involved in the drugs trade were sentenced to total sentences of 153 years for drug offences .
ditta published a section of questions and answers about himself , saying that his dream job is to represent clients in the death cell in america , to represent him in an unequal way , to have dinner in america , to be the ultimate .
revolutionary work of church music
to conclude the celebrations on the occasion of its 160-year existence , the song wreath dunningen will be framed by two services of worship with the &quot; deutsche messe &quot; by franz schubert .
after the great success of the musicals &quot; rock my life &quot; , which attracted the viewers in the spring of this year , the song wreath will be completed by two religious services with the opening of the jubilee year .
on saturday , october 26 , this extraordinary fair will be held from 19 to the evening mass in the st. martinskirche dunningen and on sunday , 27 october at the church of god from 10.15 a.m.
the so-called german fair , entitled &quot; singing to celebrate the holy victim of the fair &quot; , d 872 , is a spiritual music work of the composer franz schubert dating from 1826 .
the fair is performed in the context of services , as the client johann philipp neumann had in mind .
under the leadership of hermann schneider , the choir is accompanied by the brass group of the frechsinn tennenbronn and noemi lokodi music association at the organ .
haslach ’ s skepticism softens confidence
the elections to the parish council in 2015 will , for example , fundamentally change in the haslach ( se ) seafaring unit .
there is then only one joint parish council for all six parish districts .
in a joint meeting on saturday , the bodies of haslach , hofstetten , mühlenbach , fischerbach , steinach and welschensteinach prepared for the changes .
the basic decisions of the diocese cannot be changed and it is up to the parish councils to implement them as satisfactorily as possible .
the day has become particularly clear : skepticism about the new is reluctant , but growing , of confidence .
from the ideas and expectations of the innovations in 2015 to concrete proposals on the future composition and size of the parish council , the very constructive discussions of the six bodies with the main seafaring teams were enough .
the new guidelines for seafarers in the archdiocese of freiburg were presented by the regional dean georg schmitt .
subsequently , se haslach , as a parish , will form a public law body that will enter into the rights and duties of the six individual church communities hitherto .
there will only be a joint parish council and a supervisory board in which the priest &apos;s power is represented .
at least two elected members are to be represented from each parish , and in the six parish districts so-called local teams are formed .
their task in future will be to promote church life in the place .
the question of the finances of the parish then became apparent in a great deal of discussion .
the innovations provide for the earmarked funds to be retained for the purpose of the parish .
the liabilities , on the other hand , pass to the entire municipality .
it was precisely with regard to the large planned investment , the commitment of which will then hit all the parish states , that there was great concern .
&quot; in the past , investment was also only made in projects that could be handled by the individual parish regions alone , &quot; said the parish chairman , bruno prinzbach .
practical experience with a joint committee for five parish districts described barbar ritter , the chairman of the board of the schutterwald-neuried sealers unit .
they made their task in 2006 , &apos; one to become , five to stay &apos; and found that this was not so easy .
the haslach sealwortship units then asked questions about the future composition and size of the common parish council and the practical work of the local teams .
the work will be finalised in subsequent meetings and will be adopted in a further joint meeting of all six bodies next spring .
in the end , the parish council , michael schöner , from steinach presented the new logo of the seafaring unit , which was approved by a clear majority .
the electricity in pfullendorf is becoming more expensive .
the citizens of pfullendorf must prepare for higher electricity costs .
as the managing director of the municipal works , jörg-arne bias , confirmed to the south courier , a family of four people will have to pay 70 to 90 euros in additional costs per year .
the main reason for the forthcoming price increase is the increase in the eeg levy from 5.277 to 6.3 cents per kilowatt hour .
this levy is reestablished every year in october by the four operators of the major electricity routes .
these calculate the additional costs you will incur from the energy turnaround , which you can charge via a levy above the electricity price .
the municipal works of pfullendorf form the last link in this chain .
the energy company ’ s supervisory board had even assumed a higher levy , as jörg-arne bias reports , in its forecasts .
now the figures would have to be calculated before the city works next week could inform their customers of the exact price increase .
&quot; we are starting to raise 1 cent plus x , &quot; says bias , where the figure will be closer to 2 cents .
permanent red light : watch for waiting time .
sometimes a light simply doesn &apos;t green .
the contact loop in the street does not react , or the light sign is defective .
what should we do then - driving red ?
if a person has waited long enough at a red light and the crossing is free , he can continue , explains the attorney ralf becker in the magazine &quot; motorrad &quot; .
the waiting time must be &apos; adequate &apos; , which can be interpreted in different ways on a case-by-case basis .
becker advises to stay for at least five minutes before starting a disturbance of the traffic light .
those who continue driving despite the red light , must be aware that they are entirely to blame for an accident caused by it .
those who tolerate less than five minutes may not wait long enough , warn becker and point to a decision by the supreme court of hamm .
in the case that was negotiated , a driver had ignored the traffic light after about three minutes of continuous red light and had to answer for a negligent infringement of red light .
the traffic light was not defective , but turned to green a little later .
he was spared a driving ban because of the special situation - but not the fine .
the municipal council is delighted with the sound budget .
whenever municipal meetings are about the household , mayor ralph gerster has laughed .
the municipal säckl in herdwangen-schönach is well filled and the administration has already been ignoring debt since 2005 .
the 2012 financial year can also be seen as a complete success in this respect .
this was clear when the 2012 annual accounts were presented .
as andrea rothmund explained , the administrative budget , which amounts to around eur 7.6 million , was over eur 1 million higher than was planned .
the surplus of the administrative budget , with around eur 1.8 million , is also about eur 1 million above the approach .
it is mainly thanks to the surplus of higher industrial tax revenue and the community share in income tax .
the asset budget , too , was clearly higher than the planned values .
last year , it was eur 2.5 million , rather than the eur 1.5 million that was envisaged .
&quot; this is mainly due to the higher level of allocation from the administrative budget , &quot; says rothmund .
as the 2012 financial year has undergone less investment than planned , the allocation of reserves has also been higher .
overall , the overall reserve has been increased by around eur 2.1 million to a total of eur 4.9 million .
mayor ralph gerster thanked rothmund and her team for their good work .
&quot; one cannot shake a piece of paper just out of his sleeve , &quot; gerster praised the annual accounts .
he and the local councils were obviously pleased with the good figures .
it may sound paradoxical , but it is these good figures that could soon cost the citizens dearly .
due to the good financial situation the municipality has in the past been able to avoid high heaps .
this in turn , however , according to gerster , subsidies have been cut by the country on a number of occasions .
these subsidies are conditional on having a variety of compensation levels .
among other things , the cities and municipalities that apply for grants must have certain heaps .
&quot; we have to look at the issue of lifting , as we are facing investments in the coming years , for which we would like to receive subsidies , &quot; gerster announced in this context .
nagold : hugo wermter for 60 years in chorus
at the age of 60 , hubert wermer &apos;s story at the caecilia male singing club is almost twice as long as that of the herbsfest , in which he was solemnly honored .
hubert wermter stood on stage as usual in the colors of his male singing club .
after 60 years he still enjoys singing with the choir , which has been won by now more than his loved ones .
wermter was also active in the association , including for 28 years as a member of the committee .
he received several awards for his commitment and commitment : jörg kohr , pastoral speaker on behalf of the cecilienverband rottenburg-stuttgart , also signed a letter of honour by jörg kohr .
his singers presented him with the certificate of the german choir union and a engraved tin plate .
the 31st autumn festival took place in familiar railways : the mgv betra , the liederkranz salt stetten , the singer department baisingen and the local music club were invited .
the mgv vollmaringen opened with atmospheric songs such as &quot; im weinparadies &quot; and &quot; funny , ihr broder &quot; .
in honour of their honorary singer hubert wermter they prepared a small stand - wolfgang amadeus mozart &apos;s &quot; bundeslied &quot; .
the male singing club betra also sang classical choir songs like &quot; hunter &apos;s boys &quot; by julius wengert , &quot; far , far away &quot; by hubert goisern and the folk song &quot; .
the song &apos;s crane salzstetten caused the women &apos;s rate of the feast with his mixed choir and his women &apos;s group - the &quot; impulschor &quot; .
the mixed choir performed with the neapolitan folk song &quot; santa lucia &quot; and &quot; eviva espana &quot; from antos gus to foreign countries , while the &quot; impulse &quot; also returned to the foreign languages .
the singer department of the baisinger sportverein came back to the &quot; what the swob ? &quot; by hans süsmuth and robert papperts &quot; bierlied &quot; , where he graduated from home .
for the children there was a small program - &quot; oma hanne &quot; alias hannelore stollsteimer performed a kaspersky theatre and presented some stories that served the children over lunch .
children ’ s dreams come true
the kindergarten and nursery facilities in the zollernalbkreis are being sent a mail these days .
the black forest , in cooperation with bauhaus and the savings bank zollernalb , wants to support the facilities in realising their construction and decoration wishes .
does the kindergarten need a new sandbox ?
all kindergarten , nursery schools and crèches from the entire customs nightclub can participate in the campaign .
if you have a desire to build or decorate your facility , you can apply for it with the black forest .
be creative with your children and surprise the jury of the aktion kindergarten-baustelle .
a jury composed of representatives of black forest messenger , bauhaus and sparkasse zollernalb , selects three wishes from all entries .
what are the conditions for participation ?
the wish should be to be realized with building material worth a maximum of eur 2000 and on a ( action ) day .
in addition , the winner himself must provide many hardworking builders .
what about the day of action and the aid workers ?
bauhaus provides the material with support from the savings bank zollernalb .
it will be delivered to the kindergarten on the agreed day and will be processed directly by the helpers .
help can be parents , grandparents , friends , clubs and , of course , educators and children themselves .
kenyan press outraged by controversial media law
“ we are in a frightening situation and one may wonder : what is parliament ’ s disincentive to abolish judicial independence tomorrow ? ” , according to the newspaper , the draft law was not constitutional .
“ the law is draconian and very punishable and we reject it , ” said cyrus kamau , managing director of the capital group , to which capital italfm also belongs , one of the most respected radio stations .
he said that the new media tribunal “ will always be biased , because it is an extended arm of government , ” and restrictions on content and advertising would damage kenya ’ s position in the global economy .
“ i hope the president listens to us and we appeal to him to reject this draft law and send it back to parliament , ” he said .
according to the star newspaper , the government was strangled by the new “ media effectively ” law , whereas the standard says that democracy and freedom of speech in kenya “ suffered a heavy blow , ” and read as “ a draft . ”
the adoption of the law is part of a series of measures aimed at strengthening national security following the attacks by armed islamists on the westgate shopping centre in september .
the kenyan media caught the authorities ’ anger by publishing recordings of security cameras that showed the units sent to the tatort supposedly ejected the luxurious shopping centre .
police chief david kimaiyo responded by ordering two journalists and a leading media representative to interrogate , even if the subpoena was withdrawn after a cry from the media .
under the new law , media houses can be fined up to 20 million kenyan schillings , and individual journalists with up to one million , and the further risk of losing their professional recognition or being excluded from an official press accreditation .
the tribunal also has the right to confiscate the possession of those affected if a penalty is not paid .
according to daily nation , “ a single punishment can bankrupt most radio stations ” .
moreover , the newspaper believes that these measures could have a devastating effect on kenya ’ s description of a “ lively blogosphere ” .
if they silenced the media , politicians could do whatever they want with impunity .
“ no one will ever know it , ” wrote mutuma mathiu , a journalist at the nation , who calls the kenyan media a decisive factor in public control .
“ leave politicians to themselves , lead the country into bankruptcy and return us to the time of hunters and collectors , ” he commented .
kenyan legislators have already been wrestling with public anger .
in may , they agreed to reverse the cuts imposed by the national pay commission , and to resume their defensible salaries of around 532,000 schilling tax-free , which is the highest in the world every month .
bad-dürrheim : a dream becomes true for the fc .
the city and the football club were not injured by the official inauguration ceremony for the artificial turf sports square despite the cold weather and rain .
i think everyone would have liked to have had a more pleasant party on saturday , but peter did not want to play with it .
so all those who came without a umbrella or could not hold one for any reason had an injury .
this was done by the musicians who framed the festact , as well as by many speakers .
so the fc chairman , albrecht schlenker , spoke of fulfilling a dream , got wet .
his thanks were to the mayor walter klumpp , who was very committed to the implementation of the project , the municipal council , the companies involved and the members of the association that contributed .
here lothar hero , paul weizenegger , heiner gail and peter graf in particular .
the retired , who had been in the business of the company , laid 400 square meters of pavement for the new ways .
the landtagesmep karl rombach also acknowledged this remarkable volunteer effort .
the district chairman of the south badian football association , kuno kayan , and friedrich knorr of the planning office , also gave the municipal sports committee a few additional greetings .
mayor klumpp reminded us that recurring weather conditions in the spring and autumn caused the original pitch to be set in such a way that it could not be played .
15 years ago , the first thought was given to the problem of building a third place at the football club premises or at the realschule on the salinensee .
both were discarded again .
six years ago , thoughts were raised about creating an artificial turf sports ground , which was generally considered the ultimate solution .
concrete plans were included two years ago when the fc took over the schabelstube in inheritance , agreed to a cost contribution of eur 100 000 for the construction of the site and granted the country aid of eur 104 000 .
in october 2012 , the municipal council decided to take over the remaining eur 356 000 in total costs of eur 560 000 , summarising klumpp .
the construction of the 68 times 108 metres high artificial turf square started on june 4 .
during the construction phase lasting over three months , 3000 cubic metres of earth were removed , half of which was used for the construction of a dirt bike track .
the union and the spd continued their coalition negotiations on justice and home affairs .
the relevant working group met in berlin in the morning .
among other things , it is about direct democracy , bribery and the federal police .
the working group on migration and integration also wanted to continue its deliberations this morning .
this should include the issue of dual citizenship , where both sides have opposing ideas .
the spd wants to end the pressure on immigrant children born in germany to choose one - the union refuses a double passport .
on the subject of transport , which is not on the agenda this friday , the spd backed its no to a toll for cars demanded by the csu .
a vignette is a &quot; flatrate for multiriding and thus ecologically counterproductive , &quot; said the spd negotiator for transport , florian pronold , in a letter to his group .
there was the threat of alternative road transport , which are already priority areas for accidents .
moreover , the introduction of a toll for all cars would be only a first step from the point of view of pronolds .
&quot; there is a danger that the compensation for germans will be cancelled at a later date , &quot; he said .
dieter thomas kuhn in stuttgart : the singing föhnwelle on the open air stage
stuttgart - &quot; when will the summer be ? &quot; was not the question on friday evening on the open-air stage killesberg .
it was a tropical night in stuttgart .
the best prerequisites for schlagerstar dieter thomas kuhn and his band .
click through the picture gallery to watch the &quot; singing föhn wave &quot; .
car drivers seriously injured in accident
in an accident on thursday evening , a 37-year-old car driver from aachen was seriously injured .
according to police , a 41-year-old from müsch was travelling by train at about 9.15 p.m. on the kempener outskirts in the direction of grefrath .
when the road was to the left , st. töniser straße , she missed the next car of the 37-year-old .
the chest of the chest clashed .
the aachen suffered severe injuries and had to be taken to hospital for treatment .
constanz : accident barrier at the schänzlekreisel
the accident was caused by police when a 51 year old driver of a swiss seat ibiza was driving on thursday evening , around 8 p.m. , on the left lane of the two-lane reichenaustraße .
shortly before the schänzle roundabout , he noticed that he was on the left bank in the direction of stromeyersdorfstrasse and changed to the right lane .
the bmw of a 23-year-old constancer was brought together in this case .
the vw passat of a 19-year-old driving behind the bmw was also damaged .
in total , around 15,000 material damage was caused , and the police reported it .
the road had to be closed during the accident , it was further said .
airport vienna creates passenger calls from vienna airport .
mr max maier , please come to gate 24 .
the same sort of breakdown will not happen at vienna airport in the future .
a large part of the loudspeaker breakthroughs are thus dropped - the noise level is to be reduced so significantly .
the aim of this innovation is to create a more relaxed atmosphere .
as airport spokesman peter kleemann announced to radio vienna , vienna airport is following an international trend with the recruitment of announcements concerning individuals .
the airports in copenhagen , frankfurt or dubai , for example , already do not make the noise .
by eliminating these announcements - on average around 200 personal calls by the speakers per day - in future , the aim is to be more calm at the airport .
&quot; experience has shown that these individual transmissions were perceived relatively little , but at the same time all other information about changed flight times or departure times here is being lost a bit , &quot; says the radiosender in the conversation .
high-lander games on kaltenhof
besides the brake car pulling with tractors , there is also a second competition at the autumn farm at the kaltenhof from september 6th to 8th .
on saturday , september 7th , the highlander games will start at 13.30 pm .
they have a scottish tradition , but they are swabian in the kaltenhof .
teams and individual fighters compete in the disciplines of tree throwing , horseshoe throwing and water lily wearing .
the trunk is four and a half metres long and weighs between 25 and 30 kilograms .
&quot; it doesn &apos;t matter to the expanse , &quot; explains organizer peter saile .
the trunk must be thrown vertically , overturning and then straight to the ground .
this is assessed with most of the points .
when throwing a chest , the accuracy of the chest depends on the target .
from an eight metres distance , the ploy is thrown on a hole .
skill and strength must be demonstrated by participants wearing water ice-creams over 50 meters .
time and water in a bottle are measured at the end .
from each clan or team , two will be able to participate in the single competition .
the winners of the team and single competition will receive prizes .
training can be done from 10 a.m.
a suitable clothing is required , for example , the riders can compete in the scooters &apos; skirt .
but swabian costume is also allowed .
for the &quot; outfit &quot; the jury will award a few bonus points .
you can register until one hour before the start of the competition .
the scottish swabian high-lander games and the traktor pulling , which starts half an hour earlier , are a lot of action on saturday at the festival site .
in the evening , the music friends of the blowing will get their money &apos;s worth .
at 7 pm the birabohemian blass music from schömberg will be the great entertainment evening .
the band plays fleet polkas and marches .
her repertoire also includes emotive walzer and a rich band sound .
the famous heinz koch , known as the singing host and blacksausage baron , will be part of the event , from some times among the barons .
he has already appeared in dornhan at the christmas market and the fool guild .
on sunday , the musikverein leinstetten entertains for breakfast , from 2 p.m. the farmer &apos;s chapel is invited to böffingen , and the &quot; oldies &quot; will finish the festival .
the stoppers party with dj ralf is already on friday .
other programme points include the classic car and trainer meeting , the exhibitions of companies on agriculture and forestry on saturday and sunday .
other attractions on sunday are maislabyrinth , the craft market and the sheep shepherd .
especially for children there is a petting zoo , strahhhüpfburg , tractor riding ( under guidance ) and traktor surfing .
the organisers are the sponsorship association mehrzwecthalle , the ski club and the traktor friends &quot; ignition capsule &quot; .
milk and egg alternatives
vegan nutrition requires plant alternatives to eggs , milk and dairy products .
pürited tofu with vegetable cream , for example , is a quarkerset .
the vegetarian inheritance is also called world vegan day on november 1 .
the vegetarian society in germany proposes a series of vegan alternatives on the occasion of the world vegan day on 1 november :
pure plant margarine is a good alternative to butter , yoghurt lasse replaced by sojajoghurt .
instead of milk , soya , oat , almond or rice milk can be used .
beatable vegetable cream substitutes conventional whips .
there are also plant alternatives to eggs .
a half crushed , ripe banana , for example , can replace an egg as a binder in a cake .
50 grams of apple or a tablespoon of ground leash seeds plus three tablespoons of water are also suitable for this purpose .
baking pouches are made instead of egg with a mixture of a teaspoon baking powder , a tablespoon of food starch and three spoons of mineral water .
but 50 grams of sojayoghurt or silk stove can also fulfil this purpose .
vebu reports that there are currently around 800 000 people in germany who eat vegan , i.e. purely vegetable .
sleepless in new york
on their way to their host families in weymouth , massachusetts , the students of the black forest gymnasium met the american city of new york .
after eight hours of flight , the city went straight to brooklyn bridge , which was reached on foot the heart of the city , manhattan .
here , a fascinating view of the world-famous skyline , which is a special attraction in the evening light , was offered .
the time was delayed , so the students were almost 24 hours on their feet , but faithfully adhering to the slogan &quot; the city does not sleep &quot; the day was decided at times square .
despite shutdown , the statue of liberty was reached by a ferry on the second day and was knocked on foot .
then , the financial center went on to the commemoration of september 11 th around wall street .
on the third day , the students of the 373 meter high observation platform of the empire-state building were able to gain an overview of the fascinating city and enjoy the view .
then , the hectic hustle and bustle of new york ’ s streets led through the rockefeller center to central park , which provided an ideal opportunity to relax in the autumn sun .
after a short flight from new york to boston , students have now arrived in their host families and are experiencing everyday school at weymouth high school .
this year , a hubertus fair will be celebrated on the naming day of st. hubertus in the parish church of st. maria on hülsbergstrasse .
st. hubertus was a ruthless hunter who was converted by a vision and later named bishop of liège .
the hunting horn blowing group of hunting tribe westphalia , chased by brigitte kluth , is playing parforcehorns ( nature horns in the mood ) according to old french melodies .
the blades wear riding clothes because they mainly accompany horses , horses and dog owners on the hunt .
the festive fair will take place on sunday , november 3rd , at 11.30 a.m.
the newly designed opschlach shines with a new cafe .
one that invites you to stay and come back .
one that wants to make the name a program .
according to the lexicon , déjà vu is a psychological phenomenon that manifests itself in the feeling that it has experienced or seen a new situation .
in the event of the visit to the café at the opschlag in the district of kleve , in sight of the university of rhein-waal , it does not have to remain at the pure déjà vu feeling .
after all , the café with its beautiful name aims to make a real stay not only memorable , but also an eventful and unforgettable experience .
because it &apos;s just fun and just beautiful .
a glance into the inner life at opschlag 8 gives the viewer a good feeling at first sight .
the ultra-modern but not cool café-ambience looks like a place to feel good .
here the team spoils the guests with the founders mirjam van der stett and daniel büttner at the top with a variety of coffee and cocktail variations .
you can also enjoy delicious cakes or freshly prepared baguettes .
the owners , both 33 years old , made a name for themselves before the opening of the lovely café am opschlag as a gastronomic : in kranenburg they led the &quot; art lounge &quot; .
from moving to kleve , the friendly cafe lovers are hoping for more audience .
not least through the university .
&quot; we don &apos;t have a specific target group , &quot; daniel büttner emphasises .
rather , the two here want to address young students as well as senior citizens and all age groups in between .
speaking of cafe lovers .
the friendly owner couple stands behind the coffee pleasure .
enjoy the fragrant hot bräu in a variety of variations .
expressofan
daniel büttner is more the expresso fan and mirjam van der stett the cappuccino trinker .
&quot; and a baguette - that is my thing &quot; , tells the nrz .
two events took place in the bright café .
better said one .
the port festival was held outside rather - café déjà vu did not benefit from it .
but there was also the ringelnatzabend .
&quot; beautiful , successful and funny &quot; , found the 33-year-old .
but not everyone &apos;s business .
perhaps that is why daniel büttner is not a very special fan of event evenings : &quot; you can &apos;t get it right for everyone &quot; .
and with an event i always only talk to those who are interested in the special event .
that is why events will be the exception .
&quot; we want to disrupt normal operation as little as possible &quot; .
let us say : déjà vu also stands for reliability .
in terms of the quality of the products offered here , as well as the team and the beautiful surroundings at the opschlag in kleve .
the road , which is becoming a gastronomic mile .
to the delight of many klever , the guests from near and far and the students who discover the gastromeile and hence also the café déjà vu for themselves .
anke gellert helpenstein
a day of thanksgiving at the mgv in dinker
it was the 165th anniversary of the foundation that the mgv &quot; friedrich wilhelm dinker &quot; invited this year and 52 guests , active singers and their wives , were happy to come .
in the club premises of the restaurant &quot; witteborg &quot; in dinker , everyone enjoyed harmonious coexistence in the spirit of music .
traditionally , the foundation festival is always the perfect celebration to make honours .
this time , writer rolf wagener was delighted with the special award &quot; singer of the year &quot; .
&quot; you have not only written a lot for us , but you have also shot a lot of rounds for us , for which we are very grateful , &quot; says the chairman of the choir erich schlotmann .
the awards for participation in the performances and choir samples by means of activity bushes were given to the choir leader dieter schulze with 44 participants , followed by honorary chairman horst pier .
place five occupied notenwart artur brückner .
the board of directors was especially grateful to the team of verein ange pier-ribbert , who once again had a very special menu and to gerda pier-rikorbert for the table decoration .
the mgv &quot; friedrich-wilhelm &quot; meets for his regular choir samples at 7 : 45 pm in the club hall .
&quot; new sanget-looking voices are always welcome &quot; , schlotmann said .
un announces new targets in the fight against poverty
the united nations is now starting to develop a series of new targets to replace the millennium development goals to combat poverty announced 12 years ago .
in the run-up to the un summit on sustainable development , which began in rio de janeiro in the evening , australian diplomats played a key role in pushing for “ sustainable development goals ” to replace the 2015 millennium .
they were included in the final draft of the document which will be adopted by world leaders , including mrs gillard , at the summit .
un secretary-general ban ki-moon said at the summit in the evening that the time had come to “ think beyond national interests . ”
“ i am pleased that the member states have agreed to start a process that aims to agree on universal , sustainable development goals , ” he said .
“ these goals will build on our progress from the millennium development goals and form an integral part of the post-2015 framework .
i will spare no effort to implement this mandate given to me by the member states in order to realise our vision of sustainable development goals , which are based on the success of the millennium goals . ”
although the sg achim / baden has been without victory for four matches , the handball upper league continues to be in good shape .
trainer tomasz malmon has no doubt about this .
everyone remains fully motivated .
i hope , however , that we will finally win again .
&quot; i don &apos;t know how such a victory tastes anymore , &quot; malmon expects his team to be successful at vfl fredenbeck ii .
although the third liga reserve from fredenbeck has not yet broken out trees , malmon raises the finger in advance .
i have trained many players myself in the a-youth .
that is why you will certainly be particularly motivated against your ex-coach .
&quot; it is also important to wait and see if there is any reinforcement from the first one , &quot; the sg-coach explains .
to get back to the top of the line , the malmon team must definitely increase compared to the previous performances .
especially in the cover work and the switching game it was a lot of work .
there is also a definite need for better opportunities .
so i hope that my players have finally got their head free during the short break .
security concerns in mozambique are growing in the face of clashes between influential personalities .
thousands of people gathered in maputo ’ s centre under the watchful eyes of the statue of samora machel , the founder of the state , and mozambique ’ s first president , to call for peace in a rare public demonstration .
“ we want peace again , we want stability , ” said vanessa de sousa , managing director of an investment company .
for fear of the country ’ s future , she has changed her clothes for a t-shirt with the inscription “ we demand security ” in portuguese and joined the crowd on the capital ’ s independence square on thursday .
for two weeks , there have been reports of clashes between government and renamo almost daily , which are among the worst fighting since the peace agreement more than 20 years ago .
renamo was once a notorious rebel movement , initially supported by the white-governed rhodesia and later by the apartheid government of south africa in an effort to destabilise the country ’ s independent government .
after the 1992 peace treaty , it became an opposition party .
analysts find it unlikely that the country will return to a full-blown conflict , but recent events have worried foreign investors and locals .
the fast-growing economy is much at stake , because discovering huge deposits of gas off the coast and north-west coal could bring investment from more than $ 50 billion to italy from firms like rio tinto .
the ruling frelimo party , the dominant force since 1975 , and renamo blame each other for the tensions .
renamo claims that the government provoked the recent clashes by attacking its members in the province of sofala , a traditional renamos stronghold , on 17 october .
the attacks on the former rebels escalated when government troops attacked renamo bases and tried to kill afonso dhlakamo , the leader of the group , declared the group .
the government blames renamo for the clashes and accuses the organization of having attacked soldiers .
president armando guebuza has tried to play down concerns about instability .
to afp , the french news agency , he said on wednesday that dhlakama regards himself as “ losers , ” who wants to “ use all his remaining powers to prove that he is . ”
both frelimo and renamo emphasize that they want to avoid war .
but concerns have increased since mazanga was quoted as saying that renamo gave up the 1992 peace agreement .
he told the ft that he meant that frelimo no longer respected the agreement .
“ our vision is to restart negotiations , and to do so seriously , ” said mazanga .
earlier talks between the parties have done little to resolve the tensions fueled by a number of clashes this year .
“ we have two adult men here ( guebuza and dhlakama ) who clash their heads , ” says joseph hanlon , lecturer at the open university and mozambique .
none of them is good at negotiating and none is prepared to make the necessary concessions .
renamo , who is pushing for electoral reform , has already said that she will boycott the november local elections .
presidential and parliamentary elections are scheduled for next year .
some commentators have interpreted the use of force as an attempt by a crying movement to obtain concessions and financial benefits from the government .
renamos ’ election successes have been shrinking since 1992 , while a newer party , founded by a former renamo member , will probably improve moçambique ’ s democrático de moçambique ( mdm ) election .
mazanga claims that guebuza – whose resignation is due when his second term ends next year – wants to destroy the country ’ s democracy .
“ he does not want a multi-party democracy , he does not want transparent elections , he does not want peace because he does not want to give up the presidency , ” says mazanga .
it is unclear what capacity renamo has , but it has made unsettling attacks on police stations and vehicles on important north-south connections .
the most fights took place in the province of sofala , which lies a few hundred kilometres north of maputo , but which is located in beira , the port and the mining companies like rio tinto and vva .
in june , rio suspended the use of the railways for a month after renamo announced an attack on the line .
mazanga responded cautiously to the question of whether renamo would repeat this threat .
renamo wanted to “ warn the international community that things are not good in mozambique , ” said mazanga .
instability has increased frustration with the government , says fernando lima , head of mediacoop , an independent media company , because many people have already worried about corruption , the sluggish wave of leadership .
“ people think that the government and the president are responsible for the country ’ s future , and that he should be the one who finds solutions to the problems , ” he explains .
omar sultane , a demonstrator , said that people simply wanted stability .
“ no one is interested in renamo and frelimo , they just want peace and usable roads again , ” he said .
children should be taught myths and legends as “ role models for life , ” says an author .
thor ’ s stories showed that “ brutal force has no chance of dealing with clever tricks , ” and the artus legend demonstrates how important it is to have a dream .
but many of the myths are “ far too wild , too offensive , and sometimes too dirty to be taught in schools , ” which is why crossley holland ’ s selection of age-sensitive works for a “ old . ”
“ i think it is wonderful that myths and folklore are already part of education in america , ” he said .
i have proposed this as a plan for twenty years .
he added that , for authors and teachers who are “ excessively didactic , ” children would “ disable ” completely , because in entertaining stories , the messages would be “ subverted . ”
crossley holland , who translated beowulf from the anglo-saxon language and author of the penguin book of norse myths and the british folk tales , said : “ you can keep it .
perhaps the biggest difference between an adult author writing for adults and an author writing for children is the need to deliver hope .
not everything needs to be simplified or lead to happy ending , but there is an immanent sense of good and evil .
this must be presented in a subliminal manner , through which history is revealed and not explained .
this is the old story of show instead of telling .
hansjakob is leaving freihof again
100 years ago heinrich hansjakob moved to his retirement home in haslach , and on sunday his last years became alive in the &quot; freihof &quot; .
the many spectators were thrilled by the extremely curious scenery game .
from the arrival to the award of honorary citizenship to his death , screenwriter and hansjakob actor alois kraftzcyk designed an entertaining piece directed by the people of cork .
marcus zagermann took the audience with him through the ten different scenes , explained connections and bridged time jumps from youth to the approaching retirement .
on october 22 , 1913 hansjakob heim is entering his childhood heaven , in his open yard .
and then began the scene game , in which alois krafczyk once again shone in his paraderolle as the great son of the city .
he performed with the two chippers and &quot; black forest foxes &quot; by erich becherer from mühlenbach .
he was not only received with much applause from the public , but his sister philippine also welcomed him .
billy sum-hermann understood it incredibly well to take on the role of sister and gave her in mimics and gestures of monstrous life .
between the individual scenes the mühlenbacher farmers &apos; band played selected music matching to the final stage .
in order to grant honorary citizenship , haslach &apos;s mayor heinz winkler was honored , who represented the then incumbent hättich , along with a part of the town council .
their assumption was followed by the trialogue singers , who led hansjakob to the proclamation : &quot; oh how beautiful , there are youth memories of my own trialogue again alive &quot; .
with their song &quot; o jesulein &quot; they enjoyed the public in the freihof as well as the storkentagskinder with their loud &quot; out , out &quot; .
his criticism of the church of the office was expressed at the time by hansjakob , as did his concerns about the excesses in agriculture , the consequences of industrialisation or the effects of war .
in the home , behind his tomb chapel on the brand near hofstetten , he found his resting place .
&quot; an unsettled spirit had finally found his calm and had gone away forever , &quot; it was said at the end of the scene game .
much applause and many praise were given by the audience for the performance .
basketball : the hope of neckar giants grows
the chances of the sportive ludwigsburger bundesliga basketballer remaining in league have increased .
if there is a wildcard procedure , then the neckar giants will now have a competitor less .
the basketball project hamburg towers refrains from applying for a possible rear seat .
&quot; we will not participate in the wildcard process , &quot; said ex-national player pascal roller , who has been setting up the concept of a professional club in the hanseatic city since 2012 .
the first breathing was not heard from ludwigsburg .
&quot; we did not deal with the wildcard process until it was established that düsseldorf would not be granted a licence , &quot; said neckar giant boss alexander reil of our newspaper .
until may 23 , the rising german football league ( düsseldorf basket ) can still submit documents to the arbitration court and prove its economic suitability for the league .
the rhineland has been denied a licence twice , however .
the arbitration court is the last instance .
haigerloch : evening meal church comes to the fore .
the city ’ s contribution to the 150-year anniversary of the protestant church in haigerloch is the city ’ s cultural and tourist office devoted the last of its public theme tours on sunday , 27 october , to the evening .
after visiting the atomic caves museum , the haigerlocher period after 1850 is to be considered when haigerloch came under prussian rule .
the crowning final point is a visit to the evening church .
the church was built by the leaders and they gain insights into the development of the protestant community in a catholic area .
last but not least , the church also looks at the evening meal painting created by friedrich schüz with the support of walter kröll and georg halbritter .
it is an original reproduction of the famous milan model of leonardo da vinci .
meeting point for the tour of the other half hour is at 3 pm at the atomic clock museum of the atomic clock .
tickets are available at the ticket office of the atomic clock and cellar museum .
for any questions or information , please contact the tourist office of the city of haigerloch .
snowden could also say in russia
former us intelligence expert edward snowden could also make statements in the us late office in his russian asylum .
representatives of the federal public prosecutor &apos;s office could either ask questions in writing or meet the 30-year-old in person in russia .
the interfax agency reported this , calling on unnamed circles who are familiar with the situation .
it was said that such a question could be resolved between states .
an exit of snowden from russia is virtually impossible .
&quot; in this case , he is losing his refugee status , &quot; the agency quoted its source .
because germany was an ally of the us , snowden was threatened with extradition , it continued to say .
long breath pays
six men ’ s teams fought for the winner ’ s title at the clubs ’ tennis tournament .
in the end , the perseverance of team maier / bronner decided the last match .
the tennis department of sportfreunde rohrdorf had a dream weather for the tournament of local clubs and friends .
the fun at the tennis games was the main focus of the tournament .
five games per team were on the agenda , each playing against each .
the game was played in double mode with a long set of up to nine points or a maximum of 45 minutes .
anja schlichter leads the tournament
the tournament management was in the tried and tested hands of anja schlichter , supported by carmen müller and inga kronemeyer .
after the first three games and a lunch break with pasta , the tournament went into the decisive phase .
the favorites andre maier / matthias bronner were on the same spot with michael klippel and sadmin osmicic ( both teams of the sg rohrweiler ) , so that took the decision .
at the award ceremony , carmen müller was able to hand the hiker over to andre maier / matthias bronner , who had the longest breath on the finish line .
the second place was the double michael klippel / sadmin osmicic .
the bronze troop reached rainer and bernd maier of the asphalt riecher team .
the tournament ’ s successful end of the season took place in late afternoon sun and coffee and cake .
last weekend in august the black forest open-air museum vogtsagranhof in gutach near hornberg is back in its infancy .
traditionally , the museum welcomes visitors on saturday and sunday , 24 and 25 august to a colourful children and family party with numerous co-operatives and events .
&quot; big and young people can learn different old crafts on both days , &quot; says the press release .
whether making soap , turning candles , filming or ropes , the right thing for every age is available .
the children are assisted by local craftsmen from 11 a.m. to 5 p.m.
the museum workshop is also open to trade unions .
the young guests can show their skills in building cuckoo stoves , water bikes or chalets .
the many old games , such as schubkarren races or stelzenlaufen , promise a lot of fun .
speed and coordination are needed here .
for all small detectives , the open-air museum offers a guided tour through the museum on saturday and sunday , at 12 and 14 o ’ clock .
in a course of the maneuver , the children must guess which stories are true or lie .
in addition , visitors have the special opportunity to get to know the open-air museum during a coach ride with black forest foxes .
not only horses but also many other animals such as sheep , goats , cows and chickens can be found and admired on the site .
in addition , all children can enjoy the clown otsch on sunday , who drives his schabernack with the museum guests from 11 a.m. on .
meanwhile , hermann büttner is doing its best and is doing it in a cosy and fairy-tale manner .
the storyteller takes the little guests with him at 11 , 13 and 15 o ’ clock into the wonderful world of fairy tales .
in addition , the children ’ s costume dance group from gutach presents traditional dances at 11.30 a.m.
furthermore , on both events from 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. numerous craftsmen such as the besenbinder , the nearest spinner , the weberin and the baker scholar can be seen in their traditional work on .
until the end of the summer holidays in baden-württemberg , visitors to the open-air museum can expect a varied holiday programme .
in a small new zealand town , burt muro is considered a loving cow because he has decided to take part in a race in america with his motorcycle , built in 1920 .
burt is not dissuaded from his dream , despite a heart failure .
with his saved , donations and a mortgage on his old workshop shed , he ships to los angeles .
after the film , there is coffee , tea and cake .
schiller piepsen disrupts residents
rhenus midgard also invested heavily on land .
they distribute the coal coming from the ships to the pit .
the company has several iron in the fire at its location .
besides the coal import , rhenus midgard also focuses on wind supply logistics .
black shimmers the coal on the storage area in front of the dam .
two massive blue pit bulbs and rechargeable units distribute or load the coal here as necessary .
every time the envelope is moving , a shimmering warning noise is heard over the terrain .
&quot; the signals are safe and legally required , &quot; says matthias schrell , managing director of rhenus midgard in wilhelmshaven .
unfortunately , with unfavourable wind , this is widely heard - and so there have already been some complaints from people from the north of the city .
he takes the complaints very seriously and therefore has contacted the people concerned , says the 40-year-old .
in close consultation with the authorities , we are now in the process of keeping the warning signals quieter with technical measures .
he continues to rely on open dialogue with his neighbours .
matthias schrell has a lot to do in front of the site .
with the expansion of the lower saxony bridge , rhenus midgard continues to rely on the import of coal for power plants and is one of the great in this sector in europe .
thanks to the deck tub at the front terminal , which is 18.5 metres deep , capesize bulkcarriers can be handled here long ago .
&quot; this year we want to break the 3 million tonne mark in the envelope , &quot; schrell said .
besides the eon power plant on the ground , the imported coal is going to power plants in the inland .
if the gdf suez power station were to go to the grid , it would be realistic to import more than 5 million tonnes of coal per year .
the three ships &apos; chargers on the bridge and the second transport belt could create up to 10 million .
bavaria ’ s basketball team was optimistic despite its first defeat .
even the first defeat in the euroleague could not diminish the enormous optimism of the basketball players of the fc bayern munich .
&quot; no one can prohibit us from winning even against the best team in europe over the past two years , &quot; said bayern-coach svetislav pesic , after the unfortunate 83 : 88 .
we sent the message : basketball is also in munich !
the first appearance in the european royal class in munich sold very well for a long time , but was simply not clarified enough in the decisive stages .
the guests first managed to convert a 15-point backward 13 minutes before the end of the tour into a guided tour before piraeus gave the game a new turn .
&quot; we fought incredibly against the two euroleague champions , but then again made reckless mistakes , &quot; said bavarian pro yassin idbihi .
we are proud of our performance , but we want to win every game .
malcolm delaney and nihad djedovic were the most successful shooters of munich , who had in the first two matches against the italian serial champion montepashi traiger and the polish tiona .
ben greenman : the new york comedy festival : the new yorker
one might say that new york city is the birthplace of stand-up comedy in america : just over a hundred years ago , the varieteartist frank fay , who worked as a conférencier at the palace , began .
fays innovation has been expanded over the years , as was the latest innovation at the new york comedy festival .
founded and directed by caroline hirsch , founder of the stand-up institution carolines , this year the festival celebrates its tenth anniversary with more than sixty shows in small clubs .
“ most of these headliners began with carolines and became more successful until they were eventually too well known to perform in a club , ” said hirsch .
we have designed this festival so that we can continue working with you .
this year ’ s event will include wanda sykes , kathy griffin and bill maher as well as “ stand up for heroes ” , an annual music and comedy event by armory sprucy .
the festival has also brought the comedy world to life .
a number of comedians who participate in the festival this year have become known on a rather unconventional way , such as television programmes on smaller channels such as comedy central , fx and spike .
nick kroll was known with a sitcom on cable television ( the ironic slippery fantasy football series “ the league ” on fxx ) and now has his own sketch show .
jenny slate was part of the occupation at both “ saturday night live ” and “ parks and recreation ” , although she is best known for her viral video series “ marcel on the shell with shoes . ”
both kroll , slate and other young comedians with characteristic voices ( the surreal pessimistic anthony jeselnik , the ironic , racially concentrated causative issues are w. kauma-seuma .
one of the greatest magnet visitors to the festival is an interview : david steinberg talks to larry david .
steinberg began as a stand-up comedian , but has developed into a prestigious television and film director as well as an unofficial comedy historian .
from 2005 to 2007 he hosted a tv programme entitled “ sit down comedy with david steinberg ” at tv land .
the meeting will take place in the town hall in the heart of manhattan .
“ the city is definitely in the comedy dna of larry ’ s total work , ” steinberg said .
he told me when he is here , then he sometimes goes through the street between two buildings and thinks : hey , if i lose all my money , then i might live here .
iran content with the process of nuclear negotiations
iran is happy with the negotiation process one week before the next nuclear meeting with the five un veto powers and germany .
&quot; after years of agreement with the international atomic energy agency to redress the differences of recent years , &quot; foreign minister mohammed shawad sarif wrote on his facebookshop page .
it would be a long way off , but the chief negotiator is satisfied with the negotiation process and optimistic that both sides will eventually find a solution .
uruguay ’ s drama : young people kill gambling chambers with machete
two children admitted in uruguay the murder of a 11-year-old .
the two young boys 14 and 12 had invited their victims to go bird hunting with them .
armed with machetes and knives , they picked up the 11 year old on tuesday and threw the corpse into a well , the newspaper &quot; el país &quot; reported on thursday .
they would then have played football in front of their homes in a working-class quarter .
the corpse was found in the village of cerro pelado , 15 km north of the exclusive beach punta del este .
as an alibi , a five-year-old half-sister of the younger man who took her with him should say that she had been sexually attacked by the boy .
but when the girl described the incident before the police without mentioning an attack against her , the two boys admitted the deliberate killing of the 11-year-old .
the older , among other reasons , mentioned rivalry in the football match .
he was provisionally admitted to a psychiatric youth institute .
pimps must be jailed
due to exploitative trafficking in human beings , pimps , threats , insults and dangerous physical injury , the district court of konstanz has sentenced a 33-year-old man from st. georgen to three-and-a-half years imprisonment .
the former german military soldier , who worked as a doorman after two missions in afghanistan , made a confession in the course of a process agreement .
in five cases , he has therefore met women via internet or telephone contacts , which he sent out , against their will , after a few weeks .
he used to resist violence and threats .
he retained the income of women , some of whom he earned for years .
by confiscating mobile phones and sim cards , he subordinated women &apos;s contacts to the outside world .
together with a colleague who conveyed women , he brought them to various brothels in the southwest .
there he had some monitoring of them to control their revenue .
in court , the accused initially claimed that he was suffering a severe trauma after fellow members in afghanistan died next to him in an explosion .
after a psychiatric expert indicated great doubt about mental constraint and thus about limited guilt capacity , the 33-year-old made a comprehensive confession .
the court had to hear no more of the women who had suffered damage .
as one cripo official reported , at least four more cases of exploitative trafficking in human beings were identified after an initial notification by telephone surveillance .
the intercepted talks were marked by high aggression .
in subsequent interrogations , the injured party would have confirmed their martyrdom .
another witness , in which one of the women had discovered blue spots on the whole body , has not made any statement to this day .
it is a &apos; completely broken personality &apos; which sees violence and exploitation in this profession as normal .
the accused regretted his behaviour yesterday .
&quot; he has disintegrated from these circles and wants to lead a normal life after being imprisoned , &quot; he said .
oil prices continue to reach $ 96 per barrel
the price of oil continued to fall on friday , after worries about a high supply overshadowed a report that increased china ’ s energy-hungry manufacturing sector .
the reference crude oil for deliveries in december fell by 14 cents to 96.24 usd per barrel in europe in the late morning of the new york mercantile exchange .
the contract fell by 39 cents on thursday , which meant a fall in the price of 5.8 % in october .
the large offer of crude oil has weighed down prices in recent weeks .
the us department of energy said on wednesday that the us supply increased by 4.1 million barrels last week .
over five weeks , the supply had increased by 25 million barrels .
but on friday , there were indications of increased demand by two reports of an increase in chinese manufacturing activity .
this suggests a continued recovery in china ’ s economy , which had grown to 7.8 % in the third quarter , having been at its lowest level in the previous quarter for two decades .
the brent variety crude oil , a reference value for international crude oil also used by us refineries , fell from usd 26 per cent to usd 10l at the ice exchange in london .
court blocks decision on the nypd stop and frisk directive
a federal appeal court in the us blocked the order of a judge on thursday , who had called for changes to the stop and frisk program ( “ stop and search ” ) of the new york police department .
the 2nd us court of appeal declared that judges shira schendlin ’ s decisions would be suspended until a decision was made on the city ’ s appeal .
the judge had ruled in august that the city was in breach of the constitution with the way in which the program for stopping and consulting people was implemented .
the city appealed against its assessment and the remedies imposed , including the decision to set up a monitoring centre to assist the police in amending its directive and the relevant training programme .
the court of appeal heard the arguments for the requested suspension on tuesday .
the appeal report stated that the judge had to be relieved of the case , since it had violated the code of conduct for u.s. judges by specifying that a judge should avoid the appearance of a public party in court of a series ;
the judge had ruled that police officers were violating the civil rights of tens of thousands of people because they were unreasonably targeted by black and latin american men with the stop and fresco programme .
she appointed an external body to monitor the implementation of essential changes , including reforms in directives , training , and service supervision , and ordered a pilot program with bodily cameras carried out in areas where most controls were carried out .
in august , the city of new york agreed to end the practice of storing names and addresses of people who were released after police control .
an oral negotiation on the appointment of the city is planned after 14 march 2014 .
the stop and frisk tactic has been criticised by a number of civil rights defenders .
such controls have existed for decades , but the number of recorded checks during the term of the partisan mayor michael bloomberg rose to an all-time high of 684,330 of them in 2011 , latin america .
in 2004 , four men belonging to all minorities brought legal action , which became a collective action .
supporters of changes to the stop and frisk program of the nypd say that the changes will end unfair practices and create a more trustworthy and effective police force , as well as using the presidential way others affect .
opponents believe that change would slow down police morality , but not crime ; money would also be wasted and the wider problem of a police force that was put under pressure after thousands of jobs were lost in the last decade .
the judge pointed out that she did not end the stop and frisk practice , which was constitutional , but merely reforming the way in which the nypd implemented its controls .
the happiness of the dreaming camels
luck is an oasis that only dreams can succeed in achieving .
with this bedouin wisdom , the first chairman wolfgang henne described the history and fascination of the association &quot; helping hands &quot; .
on saturday afternoon the tenth anniversary of the association was celebrated , which has already had considerable successes .
the first chairman , henne , reported in detail about the work of the association .
he himself was in mauritania in the kheijk-zajet hospital in nouakchott in 2004 .
as a result , further cooperation developed and the gynaecologist henne carried out numerous operations on site during several trips .
during the speeches , pictures of the missions were shown on a large screen , so that the guests of the anniversary event could get an idea of the above-mentioned actions .
the desert vehicle of the association was also shown .
it is a former federal border guard .
rainer prewo , the former ob of nagold , proposed that this vehicle be equipped with a photovoltaic system and is now planning to work with the association in an advisory capacity , according to henne .
in 2008 , schleeh , a bereaving district in baiersbronn , created the hospital in socogim , a district of misery on the outskirts of the capital - honorary .
henne also mentioned a new mother ’ s child hospital in nouakchott .
particularly interesting in times when the nagold birth clinic is to be wegrationalized .
one learns a lot in africa as a medical practitioner , according to henne , for example , detoxification against burn-out .
the country &apos;s political unrest has prevented us from doing as many trips as planned , but many medical professionals came to germany to host them in various areas .
in addition , containers are regularly sent to africa , including medical equipment , medicines , association material , hospital beds and glasses in march of this year .
mitinitiator hans joachim fuchtel himself delivered abundant local colour , telling from mauritania of the traditional mercedes vehicles that were converted into mobile brick barns .
his personal motives were his work in the field of auditing as a young member of parliament .
when he realized how much money was lost on the way , he decided to help africans control a budget by the people .
fuchtel also stressed that global economy also requires global love of human beings .
it should also be borne in mind that africa is closer than some think .
from gran canaria it is not far from africa .
coulson used phone hacking to check a tip for a phone call .
the former news of the word editor andy coulson allegedly used “ telephone hacking , surveillance , and confrontation ” in an attempt to confirm a false tip about an affair of the then minister of home affairs .
prosecutor andrew edis qc declared to the old bailey court that news of the world had heard a false rumor in may 2005 that clarke had a relationship with his “ attractive special advisor . ”
the newspaper ordered the private detective glenn mulcaire to hack pawlbys voicemails , and persecuted them , but coulson called them , and left them as it did , as it did .
&quot; according to the prosecutor , coulson , now the editor of the notwen , is not one who stands before the apartment of people and hopes to see them in fresh deed , but one of the people who responded .
he said notww use three methods to investigate stories investigatively : telephone hacking , surveillance , and confrontation .
the publisher is personally involved in the third method .
he evidently knows about the second , the monitoring , otherwise it cannot be .
what about the first ?
does he know about telephone hacking ?
he denies that , but we say , “ and whether he knew about it . ”
rumors about an affair clarkes were first picked up by the feature editorial team of notww , a source that was sexually interested in pawlby , “ do not waste your time .
a band with voicemails from your phone of at least three occasions was secured in mulcaires apartment in august 2006 .
the investigators also found entries on the detective computer where pawlby and her sister were stored as “ projects . ”
when the searches went , the grandparents received anonymous calls from pawlby asking for information about them , edis explained .
meanwhile , former chief freporter neville thurlbeck and the former reporter james weatherup supervised the surveillance of pawlby ’ s movements .
on 18 june 2005 , coulson left her with a voicemail with the following content : “ i have a story that we want to bring out tomorrow , which i would like to talk about with charles . ”
edis explained that coulson ’ s activities at this story were followed by the same pattern as other important personalities , such as former home secretary david blunkett .
the crumbles heard on thursday that coulson blunkett had to face a married woman because of an affair when he had been married to the co-accused rebekah brooks .
coulson and brooks are denying having consigned themselves to hacking phones between october 3 , 2000 and august 9 , 2006 .
mulcaire , thurlbeck and weatherup have admitted the telephone hacking .
in protest against the planned empire tax , french football will indeed go through the first strike since 1972 .
a meeting of conciliation is coming to an end without results .
in the conflict over the empire tax , the french government and professional football have been stuck in a dead end after a failed meeting of arbitration .
although president françois hollande received representatives of the association and association at the paris élysée palace on thursday , he also heard their complaints .
but he refused to pay football from the planned 75 % levy on incomes of more than one million euros per year , which all firms in the country are expected to pay for two years from 2014 .
the other side also remained tough .
the strike announced for the end of november will now be carried through , announced by the head association of professional clubs ( ucpf ) , jean-pierre louvel .
the matches in ligue 1 and ligue 2 , scheduled between november 29 and december 2 , will therefore be cancelled .
cranes : no absolute protection possible
&quot; we want to involve the inhabitants in planning early &quot; , mayor jens häußler opened the civic information event on the flood protection concept in gechingen .
around 80 participants had come to the municipal hall to explain the planned measures , ask questions , express concerns and introduce ideas .
häussler made it clear : &quot; the final decisions are made by the members of the council of the municipal authorities &quot; .
the floods that hit the chickens unprepared on 15 may 2009 were a drastic event that raised the question of protection measures for the future , according to häßler .
a river basin investigation had been commissioned with the neighbouring town of aidlingen , which is now the basis for the flood protection concept in gechingen .
&quot; the protection of as many buildings as possible is the goal , &quot; says häßler .
the planning is based on the protection against floods which are expected every 100 years according to the german weather service .
climate change is taken into account by a 15 % surcharge .
in specialist circles , this is called &quot; hq 100aklima &quot; .
the water masses , which caused considerable damage in gechingen in 2009 , were equivalent to a 1000-year flood .
&quot; there is no absolute protection , but we can achieve a relative improvement , &quot; says häßler .
to protect hq 100aklima , investments in gesichingen will be required to the tune of around eur 4 million , with the municipality receiving state subsidies of around 70 percent .
however , mr häßler pointed out that there would only be support if an overall approach were implemented .
the community must be involved .
an expensive planning and approval procedure must be completed .
at best , implementation could begin in 2016 .
among other things , the protection concept presented last week in the municipal council ( we reported ) provides for local measures in the flow of the irm river from the tribal valley .
following the presentation of the flood protection concept , participants took the opportunity to bring their concerns into play .
among other things , it was questioned why there were no plans for more dams and restraint pools to protect the place .
gregor kühn , the technical planner of the commissioned engineering office wald and corbe from hügelsheim , who presented the concept , stressed that it required the interaction of all presented measures to achieve the sum .
in addition , one should be held to find the most economical solution , according to joachim wald von wald and corbe .
there was disquiet among altars who , even in normal thunderstorms , are constantly suffering from congestion in the channel network .
the problem is well known to the administration and initial measures have already been taken .
however , mr häussler pointed out that the directives on channel systems are different from those for flood protection and that this should not be mixed .
the municipality is obliged to interpret the channel network in such a way that two to three years of regeneration events could be sustained .
to dimensioning the sewage channels would devour millions .
serious injury after crash
in the early friday afternoon , on the provincial road 44 near revensdorf , two drivers were seriously injured in a frontal collision .
the police immediately closed the road completely , but could not say much about the accident .
however , there are different testimonials that should be evaluated first .
the nineteenth-old lenker of a vw golf was on the way to revensdorf and the 38-year-old man from gettorf came to her with his hyundai .
both vehicles crashed together , with the woman trapped so badly that the fire brigade took almost half an hour to get them out of the vehicle wreck .
the cause of the accident was initially unexplained .
both were unhappy with the situation in nearby hospitals .
the track was closed for about two hours .
it could be called the dostoyevsky of the united states .
philip k. dick was a god-seeker , a metaphysicist , his novels and stories also have something serial .
the relativity in the outer world is astonishing : the staining eyes , the beard , the high forehead .
and , just as fjodor m. dostojewski , with his massive oeuvre , can be understood as the founder and apologist of the russian soul , philip k. dick is considered to be an american prophet .
some titles have been published by heyne verlag , the haffmans cassette with the 118 narrations distributes two thousand .
dick explains america - the realm of breathtaking technical progress , coupled with paranoia , security madness , and the belief that it is chosen .
dick had a religious experience , his late books read like a mixture of the revelation of john and a computer manual .
perhaps he was crazy , drugs had added his brain .
he has captured , early on , that the computers are divisions .
he wrote a theology of the computer and asked what distinguishes a person from a machine that creator from his creature .
that is the blade runner problem .
that is killing .
a master of science fiction .
a fantastic writer .
his stories inspired film directors such as ridley scott , paul verhoeven and steven spielberg .
this story is now particularly significant .
the &quot; minority report &quot; dates from 1956 , it exudes the smell of the cold war and the mccarthy tribunal .
the principle of pre-crime is being developed here , that is , what is now more or less official doctrine of the white house .
in dick &apos;s world , which is like our shocking , mutants look to the future - and the police are rising .
&quot; we collect individuals who have not infringed any law , &quot; says the head of the authority .
&quot; we shall take them to us before they can commit a violent crime &quot; .
and : &quot; there are no serious criminals in our society , for which we have a prison camp full of pesudocriminals &quot; .
they assume that the worst is happening and prevent the criminal idea from being put into practice .
dick ’ s narrative looks like the blueprint for the anti-terrorism laws and the interrogation of the nsa .
anticipation of the attack : that is how obama ’ s drone philosophy and practice works .
but dick &apos;s story is not over .
the police chief complains that there is no separation of powers , the military controls everyday life - and what is left of the state .
the supervisor will then be monitored and transferred to a future crime .
the system is going through .
it is perfect , but it is lying .
it invents its own prerequisites .
not only does it accept errors and sacrifices , but it builds on them .
the system creates the danger it is fighting .
philip k. dick reads : &quot; coming closer to the truth .
merkel ’ s late gaffes in russia
former us intelligence expert edward snowden could also make statements in the us späffähäffäre about chancellor angela merkel in his russian asylum .
representatives of the german bar association could either ask questions in writing or meet the 30-year-old in person in russia , reported the agency interfax .
previously , the green member of the federal parliament , hans-christian ströbele , was the first german politician to meet snowden in moscow yesterday to talk to him about the affair .
nsa revelations reinforce company paranoia because of state surveillance .
on a mild day at the end of august , a german police helicopter flew deep across the us consulate in frankfurt am main , germany ’ s financial capital .
at the instruction of the federal office for constitutional protection and counter-terrorism ( bvt ) , the german internal security service , he should photograph the roof of the us post , which is less than 5 km from the european central bank .
according to german media , the bvt wanted to prove the existence of surveillance antennas and the action led to a change of wording between the usa and the german foreign ministry in berlin .
james clapper , us director of national intelligence , insisted again in september that the us could not use spying abroad , “ to engage foreign companies in the business secrets of foreign companies on behalf of us companies . ”
but since edward snowden , the former whistleblower , began publishing his corpus of us surveillance secrets , european governments and entrepreneurs have become sure to stop being the director .
the us national security agency has reported that petrobas , a brazilian oil company , has been spying on data from american cloud providers , including google and yahoo , for the sake of state surveillance .
the barrel to overflow brought the revelation that chancellor angela merkel ’ s phone was muddled , perhaps for ten years .
if the most powerful person in europe can target , then it is clear that corporate management too is potential targets .
snowden has made intensive cooperation between us secret services and companies transparent .
i believe that it is possible for these data to be used for mutual benefit .
“ germany must wake up , ” explains oliver grün , president of bitmi , who represents small and medium-sized it companies in germany .
german companies believe that the us was now almost as much a risk as china in industrial espionage and data theft , a survey published by the consultant company ey in july .
but the documents leaked by snowden have not shown that the us has passed on the trade secrets of foreign companies to its own companies .
politicians have expressed concern that the eu lacked certain it and internet opportunities and that it should reduce its dependence on the us .
companies are sceptical about this .
the bundestag proposed that we should build a german google .
i can only close my eyes and slowly reopen them ...
“ this doesn ’ t work , ” says hasso platner , chairman of the german software manufacturer sap .
if a strong european it industry had been wanted , it should not have been allowed to die out 20 years ago .
everything in germany is subsidised , from coal to cars to agriculture .
everything except the it industry .
nevertheless , the range and technical refinement of the us spying authorities revealed by the snowden revelations have shocked firms that had previously seen the biggest spy risk in china .
cloud computing is undergoing a major change , because european business leaders are more aware that data stored in the us is subject to jurisdiction there and are therefore potentially at risk .
according to a survey conducted by the cloud security alliance , a trading institution , about ten percent of us data-mining operations with prism members were disclosed after the revelations about us data-mining operations .
jim snabe , deputy managing director of sap , says : “ we see a new question from customers who did not exist a year ago – it says : where will my data be stored and can you guarantee ?
many german corporate leaders believe that the latest reports simply confirm what they already knew , namely that powerful states want to steal their most valuable secrets and therefore need to monitor them at all costs .
the fact that economic espionage is taking place is no surprise .
that has always been the case .
“ it has been a topic for many years and has not changed fundamentally through the current discussion , ” says kurt bock , chairman of the chemical company basf .
the americans are spying us on commercial and industrial issues , just as we are doing , because it is in the national interest to defend our companies .
corporate governance usually does not boast of the countermeasures that have been taken , because that gives attackers advantages .
the staff in large companies have long been saying that taking a free usb stick on a fair or leaving a laptop in the hotel room is not advisable , to put it mildly .
ulrich hackenberk , member of the board of directors of autoproducer audi , says that it has been standard practice for years to collect mobile phones before a board meeting so that they can not be used as eavesdropping devices .
the german bvt advises executives to use simple prepaid phones when they go abroad , because smartphones may be compromised .
the prepaid phones are thrown away afterwards .
however , there is concern that small and medium-sized enterprises remain vulnerable to hacking and surveillance .
in germany , many of these companies are world leaders in their niche markets .
“ small and medium-sized enterprises often lack the experience , the staff and financial resources to effectively protect trade secrets against unauthorised access , ” the bvt warns in a report .
the us warns its own companies against economic espionage by other countries .
according to the washington post , in february , france , russia , and israel were ranked second of the countries that used to obtain hacking economic data .
a member of the board of a german blue chip company agreed when it came to espionage , “ the french are the worst ” .
bernard squarcini , former head of the french domestic intelligence service dcrl , was quoted in an interview this month , saying : “ the secret services know very well that all countries are fighting , even if they are in . ”
hechingen : messe provides answers to wedding questions .
&quot; marriage is the most important discovery man can make , &quot; said the philosopher sören kierkegaard .
tips on how to make the wedding celebration at least , now gave a special exhibition in the domain in hechingen .
important providers around a wedding were represented .
a trend : the retro look has come back .
this begins with the wedding clothes , for example .
white is best covered or in cream .
the clothes , which are often sketched and embroidered , are closed in the front , often with a veil , but in the back they go down and often end up in a trap .
but the ghosts are divorced , as stefanie koch from the fashion house kleidermüller emphasizes .
the men ’ s suit dominates with waistcoat and plastron , but cream-colored or brown combinations can also be chosen .
important is the selection of the restaurant , has been explained .
the room was very small and the bed was very comfortable .
here the domain drew attention to its own offer in the remise .
if you want to drive along the carriage , uwe link has an offer for you .
&quot; coaches are also popular for young elbow shooting , &quot; he says .
romance is also required for invitations , flower arrangements and wedding pictures .
the &quot; after wedding photo &quot; is becoming more and more fashionable - i.e. , reception centres in special places , preferably waterfalls , a few days after the party , but in wedding clothes , elysees .
many more details of a successful wedding were presented on sunday in the domain .
floral arrangement , rings , wedding board , cake and also a magician , such as marko ripperger , who can entertain guests in style .
not to forget the right cosmetics and nail care .
everything for an unforgettable celebration .
dog friends successful
for the first time , the athletes of the dog friends bitz were successful at a rally obedience tournament .
achim scherrenbacher started in kandel with two dogs ; with his bitch sandy he scored 94 points in the beginner class and secured the fifth place , and with his 15 months he scored .
susi höpp , with her woody in class 1 , took the critical look of the performance judge .
parents of a georgian teenager who died in a tragic accident believe in murder
the parents of the teenager , whose body was found in a rolled ringermat in the gym of his high school , are convinced that their son was murdered , the family lawyer declared on thursday .
kendrick johnson from valdosta in the state of georgia in the us was found in a well-placed mat on 11 january , standing behind the grandstand in the school gym .
lowndes county ’ s investigators concluded that johnson died in a tragic accident , which the 17-year-old ’ s family doubts .
“ they are convinced that their son was murdered , ” said benjamin crump , the lawyer of kenneth and jacquelyn johnson , to foxnews.com.
they would never have believed that he had died as the sheriff concluded .
“ they believe that it is not logical to violate the laws of physics as well as common sense , ” says crump .
rather , they are convinced that the truth will be covered up to protect the person or persons responsible for the death of their son .
“ her son went to school for learning and came back in the body bag , ” he commented .
us prosecutor michael moore said on thursday that there would be a formal investigation into the death of johnson , as a number of important issues remain unresolved .
what was the cause of death ?
is his death a crime ?
this was explained at a press conference on thursday afternoon .
i am following the facts in which direction they are heading .
my aim is to find out the truth .
“ i believe there is a sufficient basis for a formal investigation , ” he said .
moore explained to reporters that the initial autopsy indicates that johnson died as a result of a “ position-related suffocation . ”
a second autopsy , however , has produced another cause of death , according to moore .
“ there are a number of questions that need to be answered or confirmed , ” he said .
moore added that if there was sufficient evidence of a criminal or civil investigation into the death of johnson , he would instruct the fbi to carry out the investigation .
a representative of the county sheriff authority was not ready to comment immediately on our question on thursday .
a court in southern georgia ordered on wednesday that the authorities must release all surveillance videos that the investigators have checked .
the teenager ’ s parents said that they hoped that the video recordings contained evidence of how he died .
cdc publish school allergy guidelines
on wednesday , the centers for disease control and prevention ( cdc ) published a series of guidelines for dealing with food allergies of children in schools .
these are the first such directives issued by the us government , as the number of school-bound children with food allergies is increasing .
one in 20 children in the united states now have a food allergy .
according to the cdc , the spread of food allergies among children increased by 18 % between 1997 and 2007 .
the guidelines contain information for schools that are intended to raise awareness of food allergies among teachers and staff and how to treat children who have allergic reactions .
it is also recommended that schools have epinephrin in stock – the epipen auto injection is most commonly used – to counter a potentially fatal hypersensitivity reaction .
the legislators in the states have recently changed the rules to make schools more easily able to keep epinephrin in stock .
the report also contains a list of typical symptoms mentioned by children who have an allergic reaction .
children may say , “ it feels as if something is pushing on my tongue ” , “ my tongue feels like a hair on it ” or “ my tongue is crinkling ” .
parents of intersexual children can choose “ sex undetermined ”
germany is the first european nation to recognise a third gender for children born with unequivocal genitals .
newborn babies are no longer allocated to men or women on a rigid basis .
under the new law , parents no longer have to declare sex for such children , but can instead state ‘ undetermined ’ or ‘ not fixed ’ on the birth certificate .
the aim of the law is to relieve pressure from parents to avoid taking hasty decisions on sex allocation operations for newborn babies and to combat discrimination against intersexual people .
an intersexual person , according to the bbc years later , said , “ i am neither man nor woman . ”
i remain maimed and scars of the patchwork created by doctors .
it is estimated that one in 2,000 children each year is born neither as boys nor as girls .
they are among the intersexual groups that fall under the diagnosis of “ sexual differentiation disorder ” ( dsd ) , a term used to collect people with atypical chromosomes ( germs ) .
wallis simpson was possibly intersexual .
understanding gender identification is still not well developed , but most experts in the us recommend using the best available gender allocation information if a provision is not made at all , and not waiting for a physical condition , if it is not possible .
new york psychiatrist dr. jack drescher , who specializes in the problem of gender identification , said the new german law “ blade after a good thing ” .
intersexual children are an ethical dilemma .
“ some people have life-threatening diseases that require surgery , but most children do not , ” he said .
you can assign a gender without surgery and then wait for identity to develop .
the scientific data on how a child develops his / her gender identity is not very accurate .
no one knows why it is happening .
it is like the secret of why people are homosexual .
a report to the european commission in 2011 states that intersexual persons are not typically transsexual or transgender persons , but are not defined in terms of sex , but by their biological constitution , or by their status as non-gender .
these characteristics were reflected in subordinate sexual characteristics such as muscle mass , hair , breasts and stature , priority sexual characteristics such as reproductive organs and genital structures or in chlorine .
the report also provides an overview of the discrimination faced by intersexual and transgender people in professional life , as well as the extent of harassment , violence and prejudice crime .
boys who do not conform to gender are now in a special camp .
in australia and nepal , it is now possible for adults to indicate male , female or “ third gender ” on official documents .
in june , australian norrie may-welby ( 52 ) was recognized as the world ’ s first “ gender-free ” person after a court granted lifelong “ undefined ” gender status .
german identity cards will have a third assignment , x for intersexual , in addition to m and w in the future , according to the ministry of the interior .
in neighbouring france , gender issues are still controversial , according to a news report on france 24 .
in 2011 , dozens of french members of the strictly catholic country signed a petition that the “ gender theory ” should be removed from textbooks .
the us catholic online website has also opposed the german law , saying , ‘ if the world is dragged into a new state , where the gender is a decision , but we do not turn sexual activity , then we will not .
the mother of a newborn child from maryland explained to baby zone that she would find it better if babies were assigned a gender at birth .
“ parental existence is already stressful enough , even without further restrictions , especially if you do not know the gender of your child , ” she said to the parent website .
children need stability and security .
historically , children born with male and female sex parts were called hermaphrodites , according to the attractive greek god who had both sexes .
ten years ago , medicine regarded gender as something to extinguish and then rebuild .
but now the ethical basis of an operation is in doubt , now that it is known how complex the gender identity is , and that doctors can also be wrong because they do not know how to make them grow up with the child .
“ in the mid-20th century , one called psychiatric emergency , ” said drescher .
if such a child was born , it was not the psychiatrist but the surgeon .
the ruling theory on the treatment of children with unequivocal genitals was based on dr. john money from johns hopkins university , who believed that gender was formable .
he coined the term “ gender identity , ” arguing that social and environmental impulses – like parents educate a child – interacted with a child ’ s genes and hormones , whether they were male or female .
but his theories became controversial in a 1966 case , known as john / joan .
he advised the parents of a boy whose penis had been separated from a botched circumcision to castrate the child completely and also remove his teeth and then raise him as a girl .
“ money presented this case as a successful example of a transformation , but it was not , ” says drescher .
when the boy was about 15 , he switched back to the male sex and married a woman .
with 38 but he committed suicide .
according to drescher , there are still doctors who would practise this model .
but in the 1990 ’ s , with the internet coming in , survivors of these sex operations came to the public , “ unhappy with the outcome . ”
for example , jim bruce , a 36 year old author from montana , born with xy-male chromosomes , but ambiguous genitals .
doctors were not clear about whether he had a large clitoris or a small penis , and were convinced that he could never lead a “ satisfactory life ” as a man .
so his external organ and the hodes were surgically removed shortly after the birth of 1976 , and he was raised as girls .
at the age of 12 he was given female hormones .
“ i knew i am not a girl , ” he told abcnews.com about abcnews.com , ”
i was unfortunate , but it was really difficult to ask questions .
at the age of 18 he should receive a vaginal plastics .
but , because he was depressive and knew that something was not right , he demanded his medical records .
what he found out was shocking .
i was sterilised at my birth – and no one ever told me .
bruce was born with a dsd , through which his body could not produce enough testosterone to develop the genitals .
after experiencing the truth , he changed to the male identity , received testosterone injections and let his breasts be removed .
he became infertile by the operation .
today , he is fighting for others in an organization called interface project to make intersexual people perceived as normal .
but anne tamar-mattis , managing director of the california advocates for informed choice , worries that the german law may “ stamp and stimulate . ”
“ many activists are worried that the german decision might encourage parents to make quick decisions and to assign the child ‘ not determined ’ , she explained .
we fear that this will encourage intervention .
we think it would be better to assign the male or female sex and then wait .
we do not yet know what the impact of the law will be , so we can only speculate .
tamar-mattis said that their organisation supports the australian law , for “ it allows adults to be recognized as a third gender . ”
“ adults should be able to make their own decisions about their legal gender , ” she explained .
the german law is about the allocation of the child to the child .
this is not a fight to force small children at this stage .
when you are grown up , you can decide your own body .
but dr. arlene baratz , a pastoral psychologist from pittsburg , who has a daughter with a sexual differentiation disorder and supports hundreds of others in a self-help group , says german law .
katie , the daughter of baratz , was born with male chromosomes , but has a dsd called complete andrological resistance .
katie developed female characteristics due to the defect of the target cells for testosterone .
she has a vagina , but no uterus and no ovaries .
today , katie is 29 and married ; she works at the university of pennsylvania as a child psychiatry employee .
although infertile , it hopes to be able to get a child through adoption or surrogate mother .
“ the law gives room to parents , which means that they do not have to make decisions hurriedly , ” baratz said .
it gives you the time to make different tests and clarify things , giving you time to write “ male ” or “ female ” .
in this way everything is fine – you pull the child big and love it .
you have a wonderful baby and enjoy the parental happiness .
and you don &apos;t have to make an operation in a hurry that can &apos;t be undone .
“ this includes children in the decision and eliminates the fear that parents are causing because they think they are not doing the right thing , ” she explained .
ultimately , the child decides on the gender that suits him better – and that is wonderful .
this will enable children to make their own decisions .
unknown girls are hurt by car guns
unknown people have injured a twelve-year-old in saxony-anhalt in shots from a car .
the perpetrators probably fired in ghthin on thursday evening with an air force on a group of children .
that was what the police in burg told us .
the girl was easily wounded on the left wade .
the girl was brought to hospital by rescue forces .
the shot came from a small car that had passed a group of six children and suddenly stopped .
witnesses saw two people sitting in the car .
the perpetrators also went to a bus stop .
a disc broke .
they then drove .
the criminal police investigated , it was called on friday .
until now , the police inspection kempten has had a quiet halloween night .
the officials were only called twice to egg-gathering children , who threw them against facades of the house .
since the owners of the house recognized this in time and removed the ice vent immediately , no material damage should have been caused .
the city was also the site of a number of new year &apos;s eve böller , but no material damage was done here .
a local resident in the bischof friendship trail reported that his car was wrapped with a cloak and his wheel arches were stolen .
however , until the police arrived , the man found his wheel arches in the immediate vicinity , which meant that the police had to stop taking action .
living with future prospects
actually , waltraud ries lives in a dream .
your house is located in a quiet residential area of stuttgart with lots of green , an old tree population , nice neighbours and not too much traffic .
the city is only a few minutes away by public transport .
&quot; i hope you don &apos;t fear spinning , &quot; asks waltraud ries and points to a fat spider on the door frame .
i have been looking for a new apartment for my husband and myself for some time .
but you know how difficult that is in stuttgart .
the reason for this is not a spider phobia , but rather the concern to be unable to cope with the many steps of the house and the flat in the old age , she explains .
moreover , since a meniskus operation , the mid 1950s have experienced for themselves what it means to move from floor to floor with handicap .
recently , she published a book on &apos; happily living in old age - which form of living is the best for me ? &apos; .
&apos;our apartment is the best example of what doesn &apos;t go at all in age &apos; , she begins to tell .
when she moved with her husband to the maisonette apartment more than 20 years ago , it was simply a beautiful apartment in the middle of the green .
today , with half fifty , waltraud ries thinks differently .
but it also knows that it is one of the few people who are ever concerned with the issue of &apos; living in old age &apos; .
most of them are displacing it as long as it goes .
always old are only the others &apos; , says she graceful .
only when the pressure of the suffering is really great do you think about it .
&apos;then it can be too late &apos; , ries said .
in her book , the interior architect presents 17 living models for a self-determined living at age .
&quot; which type of accommodation you choose , however , is always an individual choice , &quot; she explains .
d i e solution does not exist for age .
even those who can afford retirement homes in tuscany or brittany should always consider getting sick .
and : &apos; without a good knowledge of the language of the country , you can also unite in the dolce vita , &apos; gives the expert book author the desire to resettle .
among their models are classic care models , alternative forms of living or the often cited pensioner &apos;s wg .
in old age , everyone has his ticks and mackes .
&apos;for me , such a community of residents would not be anything &apos; , says she with a wink .
the hotel is located in the centre of the city , close to the main train station and the main shopping street .
&apos;in old age you just need your retreat rooms &apos; , ries .
the author does not wish to rule out the possibility of a senior resident community still functioning .
but this must be different from the classic student wg .
and sometimes you just want to rest , &apos; she believes .
with this opinion , it is not alone in the capital of the country .
&apos;most of the old people in stuttgart want to stay in their own flat as long as possible &apos; , is also the experience of theresa rütten , the head of the civil service life at the age of the state capital .
your office advises people on the topic of &apos; getting older &apos; .
therefore , it is precisely the elderly who would often accept inconvenience and restrictions , only to remain in their familiar surroundings , that is the experience of the waretest foundation .
there are many ways to make the house or the apartment accessible today .
ries recommends that anyone who deals with the age-oriented reconstruction of their home or home should first inform themselves thoroughly and not apply the first craftsman .
today there are also specialists for the conversion of old age .
even in the rental apartment , one or two things can be done , and if it is only the toilet seat increase , the interior architect will clarify .
but the existing apartment cannot always be adapted to the age and thus accessible , even if it is still so beautiful .
this experience was made by waltraud ries .
the room was very small and the bed was very small .
she will continue to search until she has found the ideal object for herself and her husband .
before moving , it grays her more than in front of the spider at her home door .
the us wants to continue prosecuting snowden
the us has not changed its stance on former us intelligence officer edward snowden .
he is still accused of having passed on unlawfully secret information .
as a result , he had to face a criminal case in the us , the spokesman of the us state department , jennifer psaki , said in washington .
the latest snowden statements would not change that either .
previously , german green politician hans christian ströbele , after a meeting with snowden in moscow , had appealed to the us not to continue threatening him with punishment .
psaki stressed that the strangled statements were those of a parliamentarian , not of a german member of the government .
edward snowden is always ready to talk to german authorities .
first , however , he wants to clarify his situation .
the former nsa employee , which the us has asked for , made this clear in a letter that was not addressed , published by the federal leader , hans-christian ströbele , on friday after a meeting with snowbundes-bundesstag .
the letter has the following wording , following a translation that has been circulated by ströbele :
to the competent authorities
i have been asked to write to you on your inquiry into mass surveillance .
i am a member of the edward joseph snowden and was previously contracted or employed as a technical expert at the national security agency ( nsa ) , the central intelligence agency ( cia ) and the central intelligence agency ( cia ) .
as i worked in these institutions , i witnessed systematic violations of the law of my government , which led me to act on a moral duty .
as a result of the publication of these concerns , i was exposed to a severe and persistent scourge that forced me to leave my family and home .
i am currently living in exile and i am enjoying temporary asylum granted to me by the russian federation under international law .
i am encouraged by the response to my political actions , both in the us and elsewhere .
citizens around the world , and also senior officials - including the united states - have judged the revelations to be a public service to a system of all-encompassing surveillance , which no one is accountable for .
these spy revelations brought many proposals for new laws and directives aimed at the former covert abuse of public confidence .
the benefits to society from these findings are becoming increasingly clear , while at the same time the risks that are taken have been significantly reduced .
although the result of my efforts has been demonstrably positive , my government continues to treat dissent as a breach of loyalty and seeks to criminalise and bring charges to political expression .
nevertheless , to speak the truth is not a crime .
i am confident that the united states government , with the support of the international community , will put an end to this harmful position .
i hope that , when the difficulties of this humanitarian situation are resolved , i will be able to participate in responsible clarification of the facts concerning the statements made in the media , particularly in terms of truth and authenticity .
i look forward to talking to you in your country once the situation has been resolved and thank you for your efforts to uphold international law , which protects us all .
edward snowden testifies by hans-christian ströbele .
kindergarten has found a private buyer
&quot; the building is in good hands &quot; , says winterlingen &apos;s mayor michael maier .
the commune sold the former kindergarten in the garden road to a private person .
the sale was approved by the local council at its recent meeting in the non-public part .
the building changed its owner at a &quot; reasonable &quot; price .
&quot; the community is satisfied &quot; , emphasises maier .
the budget was set at eur 100 000 .
it is not yet clear how the new owner intends to use the former kindergarten .
the mayor is right that winterlingen has handed over responsibility for the building to someone else before the winter and thus no longer has to pay for the entertainment of the house , like to heat the way to look on the garden .
&quot; this effort is now gone , &quot; maier is happy .
place concert at high summer temperatures
the musikverein hammereisenbach gives a place concert on the terrace of gasthaus hammer .
when conductor bianca wilmann raises the clock at 7.30 p.m. , the thermometer still shows 25 degrees .
about 50 listeners enjoy the sounds of hammeric musicians .
the chairman manuela honeck explains the music tracks .
honeck thanked everyone who helped to manage the first musician ’ s hock successfully .
report : obama ’ s campaign considered replacing biden with hillary clinton
president barack obama ’ s closest advisers have secretly contemplated replacing vice-president joe biden with hillary clinton in the 2012 election campaign , the new york times argued .
the revelation is the most notable surprise of mark halperin ’ s long-awaited work on the 2012 2012 campaign , “ double down : game change 2012 . ”
the times has a copy of the upcoming book , and she reported on thursday evening that the president ’ s top advisers had “ held extensive group meetings and polls at the end of 2011 ” to find out whether it had been done .
according to jonathan martin , the national political correspondent of the times , the book thoroughly records the efforts of leading staff of the campaign and the white house , notably against the former vice white house chief of staff .
the potential change was a strictly guarded secret within the campaign infrastructure in chicago and the oval office .
only half a dozen of president closest advisers – including daley , obama ’ s former campaign leader , jim messina , and the former white house chief adviser , david axelrod , and david ploffe .
“ double down ” claims that daley had been at the forefront of efforts to exchange bids despite their “ close , personal relationship , ” before finally choosing such a move , the decision was made to “ improve ” the case .
in an interview with martin , daley confirmed that the government had actually considered replacing biden with clinton .
“ i said a whole series of things that should be considered , and that was one of them , ” daley explained to the magazine .
it must be remembered that the president had terrible poll values at the time , so we thought , “ for god ’ s sake , what do we do ? ”
while daley called the “ due diligence , ” martin told anderson cooper of cnn that the campaign for re-election had spent a great deal of effort on finding out whether such an election had been conducted .
“ campaigns don ’ t spend so much money on surveys and focus groups if you don ’ t think seriously about something , ” martin said at ac360 .
but it is not clear whether obama knew that his team was thinking about an exchange .
martin told cnn that he asked daley if his boss at the time had known about the potential change .
although daley said that he did not believe that the president was “ aware ” of the possible change , the former chief of staff admitted that it was “ possible ” that obama knew about it .
martin added that “ double down ” did not provide a definitive answer to the question of whether obama ’ s political probations had reached the desk .
cooper asked martin if he seriously thought obama had not known about the investigations into whether to drop bids at the elections .
martin replied , “ possible . ”
what happens on the way with my email ?
e-mail is actually called electronic letter .
was the letter secret technically implemented in the design of the internet service , like in the conventional post ?
the main focus of the conception of the early internet services was to make communication possible .
therefore , no attention has been paid to the basic technical protocols establishing a stable foundation for a hearing-proof exchange of letters .
therefore , a conventional e-mail is more like an open postcard than a sealed letter .
if user &quot; anna &quot; sends an email to &quot; benni &quot; , are the computers of the two connected directly ?
the e-mail program or the anna browser sends the mail to your service provider &apos;s mail server in the first step .
for example , if you have a gmail account , that would be google .
this mail server sends the content to the provider that uses bendi .
on the track , the mail can be run via several other servers on the internet .
bennie can then call the content at his provider .
are conventional emails read through the network ?
most mails are read by software robots on the way .
the sender &apos;s provider usually checks whether the mail carries a malicious program as an attachment .
a virus check is also carried out on the receiver systems .
also , providers check if it is a annoying and unwanted spam mail that is being deleted or sorted out into a spam folder .
do the robots have another job ?
for systems like gmail , the robot also determines the information google needs to place context advertisements .
when anna and benni communicate via gmail about their upcoming holiday trip , google can display appropriate links to holiday offers .
do not know people read the emails ?
the chances of unauthorized people reading a mail are very low .
in theory , however , this is possible .
in companies administrators often have the option to read electronic mail .
the law enforcement agencies and secret services also have legal opportunities to intercept or take note of emails .
there are also possible illegal spam campaigns .
is it possible to protect e-mails against reading ?
with an encryption according to the openpgp standard , an e-mail can be encrypted effectively against reading .
it is also possible to hide the metadata of an e-mail communication with a high technical effort , so that it is not even easy to identify who communicated with whom .
how important are yahoo and google on the email market in germany ?
according to a survey by convios consulting in august 2013 , yahoo and google play only a minor role in the mainly privately used mailboxes .
while yahoo-mail ’ s shares were dropped recently , gmail could increase significantly .
mother buried in the forest and retired
when his mother died , wolfsburg ’ s man forged a plan .
he buried the dead in a forest - and continued to pay their pension and care .
in order to be able to continue to receive pensions and care allowances , a 67-year-old wolfsburg buried his dead mother after police investigations into the forest .
first , he covered up the death of the 89 year-olds , and then he had paid in for the money for more than one and a half years .
now the 67 year-old has to answer for fraud , as a speaker said on friday .
so the man hid the woman in a forest near helmstedt .
the man was suspected in may : it was discovered then that no medicines were needed for the mother in need of care .
the pensioners told the investigators that his mother had travelled to spain .
because it seemed strange to officials , they continued to investigate .
it was discovered that the two had lived in a shared flat for more than 15 years and he had last looked after it .
the 67 year old finally admitted the death of his mother .
according to the police , an obduction did not give evidence of a capital crime .
want to see ice cream that lights up in the dark ?
a british entrepreneur has developed the first ice in the dark – using torrents .
charlie francis took advantage of the fluorescent properties of marine organisms and created a glowing delicacy from them .
he came up with the idea after reading a research on qualum and persuading chinese scientists to artificially produce the shining protein .
the ice cream reacts with the tongue , which increases the ph in the protein and triggers the light .
chris explains that the ice cream reacts to the warmth in the mouth and glow – so the more you lick , the lighter it becomes .
charlie , founder of the ice cream company “ lick me i &apos;m delicious ” , says : “ the product is incredible , but still in a very early production phase , and you get two grams of it for 200 .
protein used in the ice cream reacts with the tongue at a neutral ph value .
when the mouth warms up the protein , the ph value and the ice shines .
we tested it in the last few months and it seemed ideal to us to bring it to the market at halloween because it had this wonderful luminous effect .
it is probably the most expensive ice cream i have ever made , because the torque illuminator is four times more expensive than gold .
each ball costs me about 140 pounds .
but for that it tastes delicious .
charlie ’ s experimental company , based in bristol , is famous for its unusual tastes , including beer , cheese , beef and gold leaf .
but his latest creation is to become even more ambitious .
he says , ‘ i would like to develop an invisible ice cream ’ .
this is impossible in itself because of the light break caused by the ice crystals , which make ice cream , but i suspect we find a way to create it .
the ice cream uses the fluorescent properties of a qualle artificially produced by chinese scientists .
the tsv morsum is still in the handball association league after six matches .
the team from ingo ehlers will be the derby against tsv daverden tomorrow , who celebrated his first victory last weekend .
with this game the season starts again for us .
&quot; i hope that we finally have our head cleared , &quot; ehler &apos;s behavior is optimistic .
he finally got his full cadre , with the exception of the permanently wounded hendrik blohme .
like us , daverden also relies on tempo game .
we must therefore keep our error rates low .
but first and foremost we need to increase the coverage , which has not made a clear impression at the last moment .
daverdens coach thomas panitz is far more relaxed after the first season victory against nordhorn .
the game was of course a house number .
but that is why we are far from the favorite , because everything can always happen in the derby .
however , panitz wants to relocate in morsum to start a series .
missing is jan-malte jodat .
the a-youthful joost windsweß , who is active with double playing rights at the a-jugendliche hc bremen , is celebrating his season debut .
if you are not hot in such a game , you should stay at home .
halloween 2013 : in numbers
when i was small , halloween had something magic .
my sister and i were allowed to eat sweets , stay up late and dress up for the neighbourhood .
today i have become more like halloween muffle .
in the last two years i have not agreed to distribute sweets from my home , and i do not think i will do so this year either .
but , according to statistics , i am a black sheep in halloween .
the majority of americans – 158 million to be precise – celebrate halloween this year , spending $ 6.9 billion in confectionery , costumes , and decorations ( the us spends them ) .
one thing i look forward to every halloween is the trend values .
the costume will account for about 1.2 billion of the usd 6.9 billion spent , according to the nrf .
this year , exciting uninhabited items are the last cry .
women no longer have to cover themselves in sexy clothes , they can now also embody tempting food such as pizza , hamburger or carrots .
as for men , i expect a lot of zombies thanks to the walking dead , and i bet the daft-punk space banners will make it into the instagram feeds this year .
according to google , the most sought-after costumes are zombies , batman , pirates and witches .
i suspect that there is nothing wrong with tradition .
last year we covered our dogs and i was not alone in this , to my surprise .
indeed , americans spend $ 330 million this year on costumes for their pets , according to the nrf .
these are a lot of hot dogs .
we are not indulgent in sweets .
americans will spend $ 1.9 billion this year , according to the nielsen company .
this amounts to approximately 270 million kilograms of chocolate bars , lutschern , bonbons and gummibärchen .
so good news for the us department of commerce , which has 41 million people pulling through the quarters with the phrase “ sweet or acidic . ”
indeed , we will buy more than 40 million kilograms of chocolate for halloween and – let us not fool ourselves – eat .
the only thing we do not want to consume is the sugar-sweet candy corn ; yet 15 million kilograms of it are sold around halloween , the national association of confectionery producers .
that is about nine billion maize baskets .
it is a mystery that i have not yet been able to resolve .
nothing is more to halloween than houses where it spuzes .
they have great names like “ terror behind the walls ” ( which is , incidentally , in a real prison ) , “ howl-o-scream ” and “ the house of shock . ”
there are actually 1,200 officially recognized spukhäuser in the united states that redeem $ 500 million , so america haunts , and that includes the wonderful photos on which you just get to kin ’ s .
but let us finally get to the biscuits .
charlie brown trusted us with the big pumpkin when we were children , and carving a shorthand lantern is like decorating the christmas tree – something we made from small .
fortunately , the “ baby in the shortwave ” trend only began last year thanks to pinterest , so most of us grew up with cutting the pumpkin , not sitting in it .
this year , americans will spend about $ 106 million in shorts , according to the us census bureau .
the shorter lantern , which is slowly rotting in the foreground , probably originates from illinois , where 245 million kilograms were harvested this year .
if you want to score the right points , call tim and susan mathisdon in napa , california and cut a little pretty from their 921 kilogram cubic .
housing fire in helmbrecht : rescue forces are burying cork coiled corpses
the fire brigade had to leave in helmbrecht on the late thursday evening .
a three-family house in the district of hof catches fire during the night .
the rescue forces are resting a coiled corpse from the house .
the rescue forces found a coiled corpse in a three-family house during a fire in helmbrecht .
whether it was a resident of bavaria , as a spokesman for the police in bayreuth said , is not clear .
on the late thursday evening it burnt on the ground floor of the house .
when the fire brigade arrived , the flames already hit a window .
the forces of intervention went into the apartment and found the corpse in a room .
the hotel was very clean and the staff were very helpful .
the whole ground floor was damaged .
all other residents were not at home during the fire , the police spokesman continued .
the building was not inhabitable for the time being .
the exact cause of the fire was initially unclear .
germany ’ s largest church of the country has launched an offensive to promote the pastor ’ s profession .
the background is a possible shortage of pastors : the protestant lutheran church of hannover expects the number of its currently around 1,800 pastors to be halved by the present situation .
for young people today , the profession is very attractive and offers good prospects , said pastor mathis burfien ( 43 ) in talks with the evangelical press service .
it is attractive to be able to determine the work and the daily routine yourself .
the church of the state commissioned a pastor in full place to inspire young people to study theology .
at present , fewer and fewer young people are choosing to study theology after the abitur .
burfia attributes this to the process of secularisation : &quot; god &apos;s voice is quiet , the world is loud &quot; .
the profession is characterised by great freedom and diversity .
i am the master of my calendar and i can focus on where i think it is important .
pastors could be very close to the people as a seafarers .
they earned as much as teachers and could live well from them .
certainly , more money is paid in the free economy , but theologians would have a safe employer for that .
this is what awaits today &apos;s young people , who are not just concerned with career , but with a hard job .
according to the local church , which comprises three quarters of lower saxony , some 60 pastors are retiring each year .
at the same time , about 40 graduates from a theology study begin their vikariat .
in the future , jobs in sparsely populated peripheral areas such as resin , emsland or wendland may be difficult to fill .
burfien wants to organise study days for young people and to invite celebrities who have studied theology to attend .
the study of theology offers a wide range of training .
it can even become the president of the federal republic .
land rover rally series announced
the interior features race seats and six-point belts , as well as a hands-free facility .
the options range from reinforced brakes , a service package with support for bowler work mechanics and logistical support to vehicle storage between events .
drew bowler , managing director of bowler motorsport , states : “ the rally customers who arrive at bowler have changed . ”
they are not all experienced racing drivers , but people who are looking for excitement and adventure and for a way to reach world-class events .
we are pleased to open this way in partnership with land rover and the msa and believe that the format opens up new possibilities to experience the different rally disciplines in britain and abroad , and to create new ones from reality .
we really enjoyed developing the defender challenge car – that will be an entertaining championship .
in addition , the defender challenge has a training and test day in february , as well as the option to participate in desert races in north africa and the middle east .
fire brigade to save a bitch , who was firing 15 meters above the ground on a dangerous rocky protrusion in a quarry .
cockspanish bittiel-bitdin ruby had run off after a minor road accident .
three days later , a stone quarry walker discovered it in its poor location .
fire fighters rolled off on a rock face and saved the dog from safe death .
the fire brigade succeeded in securing a little bitch who sat on a 15-metre lead in a rocky wall .
the nine months old cockerspaniel bitch ruby had run away after a traffic accident on sunday afternoon and survived three days alone before being saved from a quarry on wednesday .
scott alderson , 25 , and his girlfriend becky hall , 20 , who owns the dog came to the quarry flappit in denholme , west yorkshire to take back to ruby .
they had desperately searched for their missing bitch and made calls for help available in social networks when they escaped the quarry after the small traffic accident .
around 14 : 15 on wednesday a walker who carried out his dog saw the stranded ruby on the 15-meter high heel in the quarry .
the technical rescue team of the cleckheaton fire station rushed to the spot and rolled off for the rescue of rubys , which was then transported up in a dog box .
andy clayton , the technical rescue team specialist , said : “ she was in a dangerous situation .
it was located in the middle of the rock face – 15 meters from the top and the ground .
she did not move muscle during her rescue – she was like a stiff .
but now it is doing well .
she then eaten a few cakes for dogs .
that was quite an unusual effort .
the fact that the dog was discovered is incredible .
peter lau , the technical rescue team specialist , said : ‘ ruby had a huge accident . ’
it was possible that she was very seriously injured or worse .
ruby was taken to the veterinary surgeon , but he didn &apos;t notice anything except exhaustion and dehydration .
becky hall from halifax , west yorkshire , said : “ watching the rescue was frightening . ”
i couldn &apos;t believe she was really up there .
it was wonderful to keep them back in the poor .
the veterinarian said that if exhaustion had become too large and had collapsed , it would probably have crashed .
the firemen have done a great job .
what you did was really courageous .
we are just so grateful and each of them was absolutely incredible .
scott alderson of keithley added : “ we were afraid that it would fall down , but it remained above . ”
the firemen were great .
i can hardly believe where it was .
mick jagger explains that he never did kity perry when she was 18 .
during an interview with an australian radio station this week , the pop star said that she was a background singer working on jaggers ’ song “ old habits the hard ” from 2004 .
perry explained that she had dinner with the altrocker , and that “ he dreamed me when i was 18 . ”
she added : “ that has been a long time ago and he was very kind to me . ”
in a statement , a representative of jaggers , 70 , said on thursday that he “ categorically denied that he had ever made any attempts at rapprochement with katy perry . ”
the representative added : “ perhaps she has confused him with someone else . ”
perry was one of the singers who had a guest appearance at the rolling-stones-tour this year .
her new album “ prism ” was released on 1st of september this week .
george kerevan : european unbundling gives the scots the choice .
a new day , a new story of horror about independence .
this time we are being warned that an independent scotland is necessary to join the schengen area as a condition for eu membership .
this is the keyword for stories about pass controls in berwick and a border secured with barbed wire along the hadrian wall .
indeed , the strathclyde document referred to the potential economic benefits that would bring more freedom of travel to the rest of europe , but , as expected , this did not feature in the headlines .
nor has anyone mentioned that eu member states often tie their stringent rules when it is cheaper for them .
as scotland is not part of the schengen area at the moment , continuing non-compliance with brussels would be a small concession in return for what one really wants from the scots .
so , no story .
and one that has come so far in the years that it already resembles a fossil : for the first time i heard the “ independence means passport controls ” duck at least 40 years ago .
an interesting point is lost in the constant repetition of this ancient history .
why should an independent scotland be expected to dance according to the european pipe ?
why exchange the london yoke against brussels , especially now ?
these are the real european news : the great post-war plan for the unification of europe has stalled .
with the euro crisis , the european project has officially died .
across the eu , parties that are hostile to the eu or want to throw the euro on board as a single currency are gaining ground .
even in germany , the euroskeptic party could win germany ’ s alternative – founded only this year – just five million votes in the federal election in september – effectively pulling the free democrats ( the equivalent of the british democratic party ) out .
there has always been domestic opposition to the plan to create a federal europe .
but the current economic crisis is turning out to be a watershed .
because of the strict austerity imposed by berlin and the european central bank , in conjunction with the straitjacket to which the national economy is forced by the holding of the single currency , many people too far believe that the project was being pursued .
the euro crisis has little to do with national governments causing excessive budget deficits – only in greece .
instead , the eurosystem has tied its members to exchange rates that are beneficial to german exporters – and german politicians would like to leave that way .
without the possibility of devaluation of the local currency , southern europe will find itself with an integrated productivity disadvantage over germany .
the only way to achieve this is to cut wages and public spending – spurred by berlin .
behind the current etat and monetary problems lies a deeper european productivity problem .
as a result of the “ green ” energy guidelines imposed by brussels – a code to subsidize french and german energy companies at the expense of consumers – european industry pays twice for electricity compared to the united states .
this is a crippling cost disadvantage , as we have seen in grangemouth .
all the world ’ s wage fixing does not protect the european petrochemical industry from being squeezed into the corner by cheap american shale gas .
as a result , a revolt is rising , especially in france , the former eu cheerleader .
after the war , france ’ s political elite saw the eu as a vehicle with which germany could be kept in check and paris lifted to washington .
but berlin no longer needs paris as a gateway to political legitimacy , and has pushed europe into its own economic policy , which is what the struggling french economy is struggling with .
the result : marine le pen ’ s right-wing anti-eu front national has just won a decisive election , thereby putting the ruling socialists in third place .
the national front is now france ’ s most popular party with 24 % of the vote – a timely warning to the british labour party that it cannot assume that a left-wing split would automatically mean benefits .
what is le pen doing with its newly won popularity among the white french of the working class ?
it wants to use the eu elections next year to forge an anti-eu , anti-community monetary bloc in the european parliament .
if the anti-eu parties do well in these elections – and this is very much possible – then for the first time such a bloc could dominate the european parliament .
this is the point i would like to make : in the not too distant future , the growing resentment of the eu and the single currency will unite to abolish the euro .
the eu will not disappear , but it will become more like the “ europe of sovereign nations ” favoured by general de gaulle .
germany and a few of its satellite economies may be holding fast to the euro , but france and southern europe will return to their own currencies .
i expect britain to distance itself from this project in the hope of flattering itself with the us .
but washington ’ s growing interest in the pacific region suggests that britain will be in the atlantic rain alone .
where is scotland in all this ?
we can decide to be a region of ( last resort ) small england .
or we can defend our own economic interests – including telling berlin and brussels what they can put in where they can .
i suspect that scotland could travel quite well in a looser european union , provided we retain our own currency .
cooperation with other similar countries is easier in an unfederal europe of nations .
otherwise , we should consider doing the same for norway and maintaining our economic independence .
the snp government in scotland is – remarkably – the most successful political movement against austerity in europe , and won a spectacular majority in 2011 , owing to the rejection of proposed ( and successive ) fiscal cuts .
it would be ridiculous for scotland to opt for independence now , only to be forced into austerity by berlin and brussels .
early puberty : growing faster
afro-american and hispanic girls tend to reach puberty rather than their white contemporaries , as research shows .
physical changes do not mean immediate puberty .
there is no evidence that hormones or other chemicals are responsible .
experts believe that epidemic obesity is an early spur to puberty .
the trend toward early puberty is less pronounced among young people .
former cnn correspondent pat etheridge is a journalist who specializes in child health and family issues .
should a mother be concerned when her daughter grows breasts and shamboys at the age of seven or eight ?
at the annual conference of the children ’ s association american academy of pediatrics this week in orlando , florida , the paediatric endocrinologist paul kaplotto explained .
“ i spend a lot of time reassuring parents – usually this is no sign that puberty is now fast , ” said kaplowitz .
obvious signs of development , such as growing breasts , shame and armpit hair and body smell , appear earlier on in girls .
however , there was only a slight shift in the age of menarche ( the first rule bleeding occurs in the last 40 years ) .
in the united states , the average age is 12.5 years , slightly less than 12.75 in 1970 .
“ when breasts begin to develop , it takes at least two to three years to get to menarche , ” said kaplowitz , author of the book “ early puberty in girls : the essential handling of this advisor .
time is the most accurate test of how puberty progresses .
it is controversial what actually marks the beginning of puberty , but it is “ early enough ” when breast augmentation is accompanied by a growth spurt of eight years ago .
in most cases , the process slows down or stagnates – something a pediatrician can monitor closely .
if progress is made more quickly , tests may be shown by an endicronologist to prevent serious problems such as tumors or cysts .
there are treatment methods for delaying early menstrual growth and preventing another consequence : premature aging of bone , which can ultimately lead to growth inhibitors and therefore small body growth .
the recommendations for medicinal or hormonal therapy are based on the age of the child , the development speed , the rate of growth and the emotional maturity .
psychosocial aspects are also important .
kaplowitz is reluctant about drugs , but he acknowledges : “ suppressing puberty can alleviate behavioral problems and girls ’ feelings , unlike their contemporaries . ”
the other big problem is understandable : parents simply do not want their very young daughters to have the period .
“ they are worried about the risk of pregnancy or about how they handle the hygiene side , ” said kaplowitz .
“ it was a shock , ” a woman remembers , whose daughter got her days with ten .
although there were initial signs and we had talked about menstruation , it was emotionally unprepared .
she came home with anxiety and excitement , because she was the first in her circle of friends .
there are many widely published theories about the causes of early puberty .
but there is no conclusive evidence that hormones in milk or other foods , chemicals in the environment , or sexual messages in the media would be causative .
boys enter puberty in a similar way to girls .
kaplowitz believes that the most convincing premise is the epidemic of obesity .
he supported the conduct of a study in 2001 on girls aged between six and nine who establish a link between body fat and admittance to puberty .
other studies support this conclusion , but there are many other factors that have played a role .
in that country , african-american and hispanic girls tend to reach puberty rather than their white contemporaries .
there are different explanations for this .
globally , an early puberty seems to be influenced by all kinds of things , from economic conditions to climate and genes .
another mystery : although boys have seen their face and shame hair grow earlier , the trend toward a full-blown earlier puberty is not as pronounced as girls .
other doctors at the aap conference emphasised the complexity of the issue .
the appearance of acne and shamhaar is common even with babies and infants .
“ we must be careful about how we identify the true beginning of puberty , ” said dr. lawrence silverman , a paediatric endocrinologist at goryeb childrine .
parents should not hesitate to consult their pediatrician about how to talk to their child .
“ this can mean that you have to talk earlier than expected , ” riet kaplowitz .
if you stay calm , the child normally reacts well .
girls who bloom early need insurance , which is a normal part of life , even if it occurs earlier than intended .
jumbo manufacturers fight over seat width in the face of large orders
there has been a dispute between leading aircraft manufacturers over the width of tourist seats in the long-haul air class , which is the sound of a bitter collision at the dubai airshow this month .
the dispute revolves around the seat width offered to passengers on long flights in the tourist class – not always those that airlines are making the most effort , but this space , which is the most proven , is the key to efficient aircraft .
airbus demanded a industry standard this week , which requires a tourist board width of at least 46 cm ( 18 inches ) , but the us archrival boeing airlines says that .
the dispute comes at a time when the aircraft manufacturers are competing to sell even larger versions of their two-engine long-haul aircraft , and record orders are expected at the event from november 17-21 .
how the rear part of the aircraft is designed – especially if there are ranks of nine or ten seats – is crucial to the economic outcomes that the new “ mini-jumbo ” design is supposed to deliver .
boeing claims that its modernized 777x , 406 people in tourist class seats , which are more than 17 inches wide and allow ten per row .
airbus states that the competing version of the a350 carries 350 people in 18 inch widths in the tourist class , with nine per row .
aircraft giants often share rough technical details through advertising in the specialist press .
now airbus is appealing directly to the public at the dubai airshow , where the 777x is expected to compete with more than 100 orders .
recently , the company presented an ad that could be the start of a new ad war , showing donors a picture of three people sitting together in a restaurant , with the title : “ would they accept that ? ”
“ boeing proposes long-haul flights in seats that are closer than regional turbo props , ” says airbus sales director john leahy .
people become thicker in the face of a change in eating habits , but aircraft seats have not radically changed .
between the early 1970s , when boeing 747 defined the modern long distance journey , and by the end of the century , the weight of the male average american increased by 10 % between 40 and 49 .
the male average american waist in the 21st century is 100,8 cm , according to us health statistics .
airbus says its rival is a seating concept from the 1950 ’ s , when the average body volume of the freshly baptized “ jet set ” was narrower .
studies have been carried out , according to airbus , to prove that an additional inch ( 2.54 cm ) per seat increases sleep quality by 53 percent .
boeing denies airbus ’ figures to the seating levels and says that it is not within the manufacturers &apos; discretion to decide how airlines will balance their fare and equipment .
the company also explains that research shows that the experience on the plane is more than the width of the seat .
“ it really is a matter of giving airlines flexibility so that they can do what they think they need to be successful , ” explains the cabin expert kent craver of boeing .
they do not want us to dictate to them what makes them profitable .
you know your business better than anyone else .
for passengers , this is about more elbow freedom , but for manufacturers it will increasingly be a subject that can affect sales .
behind the argument is a race for aircraft orders with an estimated volume of at least $ 700 billion after list prices in the coming decades , which could have a lasting impact on the export balance of the us or europe .
as reuters reported for the first time in july , the seat layout is the driving force behind the dispute over the new jets .
both airbus and boeing claim 20 percent more efficiency per seat with their latest two-engine long range designs as the market leader in this segment , the 365 seated boeing 77-300er .
boeing &apos;s findings are partly based on the fact that the 777x is compared to the original design of nine seats in the 777 with its ten seats per row .
the increased cost per unit is still lower than the current ten seater machines .
“ boeing is therefore squeezing more seats into its aircraft to make it more competitive with our products , ” says kevin keniston , head of passenger comfort at the european airbus .
on the other hand , analysts say that full ten seat cabins per row , with 77s in existence , indicate that many passengers choose closer arrangement , which could go hand in hand with cheaper fares .
“ eighteen &quot; surface seat width would be great for passengers , but the reality is that , from an economic point of view , the airbus offer is controlled by the threat posed by the 777 expert , ” says mary .
airbus and boeing do not offer seats , but rather a catalogue of suppliers from which the airlines can choose .
the world ’ s travelers jet vendors even carry belt measurements to measure the equipment against the competition .
even if they are promoting comfort , all manufacturers also offer jets with a high density design for low-cost airlines and regional flights .
airbus has a ten-seat a350 , but has not yet sold , according to its own statement .
until recently , airbus emphasised the importance of more adaptability in cabins and offered wide corridors for some jets .
without the support of the only other manufacturer of large modern jets , experts say that the call for a new industry standard will probably disappear , but may distract from the wave of 77x sales .
new anti-nicotine vaccine could eliminate the pleasure of smoking .
scientists have developed an anti-nicotine vaccine that could spoil the fun of smoking .
a single dose of the vaccine was able to protect mice from nicotine addiction for life .
before testing on human subjects , further tests are needed , which may take a few years , but professor ronald crystal of weill cornell medical college in new york said that the first results were good .
“ we are very hopeful that this type of vaccination strategy can help once again millions of smokers who have tried to stop trying to test all the methods available on the market , but have had to experience their nicotine so much . ”
the new vaccine contains a harmless virus , which has been modified to contain genetic information on the production of nicotine antibodies .
the virus selectively infects liver cells , which then produce a constant stream of antibodies .
antibodies hunt the nicotine molecules in the blood and neutralize them before they reach the brain , which means that a smoker does not experience nicotine high .
vaccinated mice , which was given to nicotine , maintained their normal level of activity in experiments .
mice without vaccination , on the other hand , would have taken a “ time out , ” the researchers said , a sign that nicotine had reached its brain .
the experiments are described in the journal science translation medicine .
earlier tobacco vaccines failed because they contained antibodies .
vaccinations had to be given so often to maintain antibody levels that they were expensive and impractical .
but the cost of the new vaccine is likely to be much lower , because it turns liver cells into antibody factories .
as professor crystal said , a future vaccine for people , if safe , could be administered to children before they were tempted to try a cigarette , and so on .
more likely , however , is that smokers would use it to stop .
“ you know : when you start smoking again , you will not feel a pleasure because of the nicotine vaccine , and this helps you to leave the habit , ” he explains .
british scientists said that the results were interesting , but also warned that further research was needed .
tripodi denied that he had been influenced by obeid .
an investigation is being launched against the former labour minister , joe tripodi , from new south wales , by the state corruption control body .
the former nsw minister denies that he has changed the rules on maritime lease at the request of his political mentor , eddie obeid , the covert participation in three land on state control .
the independent commission against corruption ( icac ) has extended its investigations on friday , on the question of whether or not obind has influenced various state ministers in relation to the absence of a crash commission in august .
now , the accusation has been made that tripodi knew of obeid &apos;s hidden interest in the land after tripodis said to have exiled former deputy chief of staff lynne ash-ashes .
in years of talks that began in 2005 , the government had pushed for public tenders for the leasing contracts .
the pedants were opposed to this and wanted longer maturities .
in 2009 , the lease contracts for the companies at the circular quay , which raised the obeids $ 2.5 million annually , were extended without public tender .
tripodi , who was the port minister from february 2006 to november 2009 , originally advocated public tenders .
but he resisted making the changes at the request of obeid , who , as tripodi confirmed , urged a reorganisation of the government ’ s leasing arrangements .
one of the icac &apos;s telephone records showed talks from august and september 2007 between obeid , tripodi and steve dunn , a senior official who had changed to the port authority after he had worked under obeid .
“ was the issue discussed in these telephone conversations about the development of commercial leasing arrangements ? ” , asked deputy commissioner anthony whealy tripodi .
“ no , ” replied tripodi .
i cannot remember what was discussed , but it was definitely not .
definitely not between me and mr obeid .
israeli fighter planes attack syria ’ s target , according to official sources
israeli fighter planes attacked a target in latakia , syria , on thursday night , confirmed by a senior government official over fox news .
the official did not explain what the target was , but said that it was at least one .
according to associated press , the target was russian sa-125 missiles .
at least twice this year , israel has already been bombing missile supplies in syria .
foreign workers with 457 visas could be subjected to “ echtshreste ”
the government is considering an extended “ authenticity test ” for foreign workers with 457 visas .
if the test were to be introduced , it would be used by means of a criterion to prevent the 457 from being used to fill unqualified jobs or as a back door for the transfer of family and friends to australia .
today , a government discussion proposal was published after the former lab mep , maxine mckew , had condemned the government &apos;s comments on foreign workers because they could be taken as being victims by australia &apos;s neighbors .
“ loud statements like foreigners are to sit in the back , ” and , by “ adjusting australians first , ” it is a very unpleasant backfall in times when trade unions called for a protected labor market india today , ” she said australia .
historically , it said that white workers should be protected – and if some in the region were to endorse this historic artifact , i would not be surprised .
the proposal for discussion outlines twelve measures that were once thought up by the former immigration minister , chris bowen .
immigration minister brendan o &apos;connor , who was in sri lanka yesterday for talks on trafficking in human beings , has implemented five of the proposed changes , and others are still under consideration .
if the “ authenticity criterion ” is adopted , someone applying for a visa could be checked to see whether “ the application is genuine in cases where the applicant is personally associated with the holder of the visa . ”
firms could also be required to account for the number of 457 visa holders , after companies that initially wanted to support only a small number of workers finally discontinued hundreds .
meanwhile , a 35-year-old sri lankan asylum man probably died from a heart attack after arriving this week with a refugee boat on the christmas island .
the disturbed son of the man who had come to australia with him is being served by an adult cousinin who was also on the boat since his father &apos;s death on wednesday .
australian authorities brought the man to the christmas island hospital where he died .
the british government has announced a study aimed at increasing the benefits of the hs2 rail project for scotland .
hs2 ltd is proposing to establish high-speed connections between scotland and the north of england from phase 1 in 2026 .
transport minister baroness kramer said that the project “ will bring britain closer together ” .
the scottish transport minister , keith brown , said he was very pleased to work with the british government on this plan .
phase 1 consists of a new high-speed rail link between london and the west midlands .
after phase 2 has been completed , there will be links to manchester and leeds .
in june , the government corrected the estimated cost of building the high-speed road between london and the north of england from gbp 32.7 billion to £ 42.6 billion .
the british government , which is in talks with transport scotland , has instructed hs2 ltd to look for further route capacity and travel time improvements for north england and scotland .
this includes the possibility of a journey of three hours or less from glasgow and edinburgh to london .
baroness kramer said : “ our goal for hs2 is a truly national network that brings britain and its cities closer together . ”
we are moving forward with hs2 because it brings enormous benefits .
without it , we are facing a capacity crisis in our rail network .
but it is also about the link between 18 british cities , including glasgow and edinburgh , which is being improved thanks to hs2 .
scottish secretary of state alistair carmichael commented : “ today ’ s announcement is good news for scotland . ”
on behalf of the scottish government , keith brown carmichael called for scottish involvement in the hs2 network to be “ unequivocal . ”
brown said : “ the high-speed rail link has the potential for huge economic benefits for scotland , but at the same time scotland ’ s economic power is also an argument for fast rail connections across the uk . ”
we are therefore pleased to work as a partner of the british government and to examine the options for a high-speed rail link in scotland , which creates benefits for all and which already complements the glasgow-edinburgh link , which is .
i look forward to examining the report of inquiry with the british ministers next year and to taking the next steps together .
regulations on electronic equipment in aircraft remain in force in australia for the time being .
australian passengers must continue to shut down tablets and smartphones at the start and landing , despite efforts in the us to relax the rules for such equipment .
the us federal aviation administration ( faa ) allows us airlines to change their rules so that passengers can read , watch , or play in , e-books on their equipment during critical flight phases .
during most of the flight , passengers are already allowed to do so , but many people find it annoying that they are not allowed to read their e-books when they start and land .
australian companies are watching the decision to implement which us airlines will have to do a lot of work , but they are not looking at immediate plans to change their rules .
the aviation safety authority , casa , also said that it would look at the announcement , but stressed that the restrictions on the use of electronic equipment in critical flight phases in australia still apply .
“ casa does not currently have any specific rules on the use of electronic equipment on board aircraft , ” was said .
the subject is subject to provisions whereby airlines must maintain safety at all times and passengers must comply with the safety instructions provided by cabin crew .
virgin has already had discussions with the casa on extending the use of his wi-fi entertainment system on flights and has said that one is open to change , but that changes should be initiated by the legislator .
“ we would welcome a casa review of the authorisation of electronic devices , because we are convinced that this would improve the customer experience , now that we offer ( wireless entertainment ) during the flight , ” said a speaker .
qantas said that we will stick to the current rules for the time being .
“ our current directives provide that electronic equipment may not be used at start-up and landing , and we do not currently have any plans to change that ” , the company explained .
the faa rules apply to us airlines .
however , we are always interested in developments in regulations that can benefit passengers , and we will certainly look closely at the faa decision and the reasons behind it .
the decision will have different effects on us companies depending on the age of the fleet .
you must prove that your aircraft can tolerate radio disruption from mobile devices , and modify manuals , training materials , hand baggage programmes and customer instruction .
“ after an airline has confirmed the tolerance of its fleet , it can allow passengers to use portable , lighter electronic devices like tablets , e-book readers and smartphones at all levels , ” said the airline .
in rare cases , when the crew is in a bad view , the passengers will be instructed to switch off the equipment during the landing .
the group also recommended that heavier equipment be stowed safely under the seat or in the compartments above the seats at the start and landing stages .
before the slumber against schalke , coach bvb supporters with light missiles had caused ugly scenes in the veltins arena .
borussia dortmund announced that he had severe consequences .
before the football league &apos;s friday match against the stuttgart vfb , the ultras responded with a silence - first of all .
the first album was released in the uk and was released in the uk in november 2007 .
the guests were mostly listening to their songs .
the southern grandstand , on the other hand , where the loyal and loudest bvb fans are , initially presented itself with an exceptionally quiet appearance : no singing , no calls for battle .
the post of capo , who otherwise coordinates the common firing , remained unfilled .
and at the front of the gallery , a large flag was singing with the title &quot; section stadium ban &quot; .
only as a goalkeeper roman weidenfeller as always the first bvb player to enter the course , burned a short-term jubilation .
when his team colleagues followed , there were vocal singing and raging scarves - but not everywhere by a long time .
nothing was getting worse in the central blocks 12 and 13 of the south grandstand .
the stadium speaker norbert dickel resumed the positive experiences of the last few days - derby victory , victory over arsenal , prolongation of the contract by trainer jürgen klopp - did not cause .
the first five minutes before the first fiff , the capo knocked his podcast - and the strain that way had been almost palpable with hands - sounded in a loud cry as a thick .
the last thing to do was the southern grandstand - and finally the loudest place in the stadium was as usual .
and when the loud call &quot; derby winner stands up &quot; came out of the south grandstand at the latest when it came with an inch , everything was as usual .
the silence before was probably a response to what happened in recent days .
just before the fc schalke 04 , some of the co-travellers bvb trockets had been fired into the spectators and into the square - and almost doggedly rocketers were shot .
the game was delayed due to the chaotic scenes .
bvb-boss hans-joachim watzke had received the top of the ultras village tune in his office - and if you think you &apos;re saying , this was an unpleasant time for the fanatic .
&quot; there will be massive cuts for the entire ultra-movement , &quot; the bvb boss announced on thursday evening at a panel discussion in frankfurt .
as an immediate measure , watzke prohibited the ultras from choreography for the home game against the vfb stuttgart .
&apos;i forbidden that &apos; , he said .
we cannot give up on zero tolerance policy in the field of pyrotechnics .
in addition , the ultras have been shown various ways of punishing - until tuesday they have time to choose one .
otherwise , watzke says , the bvb will impose a penalty by the end of next week .
&quot; this will be drastic , &quot; watzke insured .
we can be curious to see how the reactions in the south gallery will be .
deposit houses are booming in singapore , as the middle class crisis has arrived .
in a pfandhaus in the shopping mall bendemeer in singapore , janani amirthalinga exchanges a golden arm reif , a ring , and a few earrings to pay for their school fees .
“ my husband and i have just bought a house , my money is in it , ” says amirthalinga .
although she earned 3,000 singapore dollars ( about 1,730 euros ) as an administrative assistant and her husband also works each month , the monthly family income is not enough , she explains .
indeed , demand in parts of southeast asia – where household debt is increasing – is so high that valuemax , where it has exchanged , became the third pfandhaus this week , which has been on the stock exchange .
pledging jewelry is not only a fast way to get money – 1,300 singapore dollars in the case of janani amirthalinga – but also almost as inexpensive as a safe loan .
typically , pfanders ’ houses in singapore require an effective 17 % annual rate , just above the 15.4 % that the united overseas bank requires , a local lender with a local lender .
however , the advantage of the pfandhouses is that they do not require a verification of creditworthiness or income certificates , which is why loans are faster than banks can lend .
that is why millions of people in the region are turning to pfandhouses , after families feel the pressure of rising living costs and increasing household and consumer debt .
after five years of robust growth since the global financial crisis and cheap credit due to loose fiscal policies in developed economies , families with lower and middle-income earnings are looking for pfanders , so the economy is running out .
this week , the rating agency called standard &amp; poor &apos;s growing household debt , mainly through rising mortgages , a risk factor for the creditworthiness of asian banks .
malaysia , thailand , and singapore estimate that the agency would have the highest budget debt in asia relative to gross domestic product .
malaysia is at the top of the list , with 80 % of gdp , rising by 60 % in 2008 .
economists are also worried about thai consumer debt , which has come out of a technical recession just this week .
on thursday , the data showed continued existing export weaknesses and a fall in consumer demand .
“ in the end , as costs rise , people in the middle to lower segment ( income scale ) will try to supplement their income wherever possible , ” says a former economist , oh .
historical peaks in gold prices over the past two years have reinforced the trend to pledge personal items , as people take the opportunity to turn family jewelry into cash .
in singapore , about 70 percent of the pledged objects are gold in the 200 pfandhouses of the city state .
people say , “ the gold price looks good , let us pledge grandmothers ’ gold chain and bring it back next month . ”
the largest thai pfandhouse operator , easymoney , has experienced a 20 % increase in customer numbers in its branches in recent months .
the growth in the deposit business is so strong that valuemax , the operating authority of the bendemeer branch , and 15 more in singapore , not only wants to expand to neighbouring malaysia , too .
the company is financing this with 60 percent of the 66 million singapore dollars it received this week with the singapore stock exchange .
while some lenders have been caught in the crossfire because of high interest rates , yeah says that pfandhouses not only offer lower interest rates than other lenders , but also did not directly increase the debt .
“ customers borrow items they already own , and the liquefied personal valuables do not increase household debt , ” she explains .
the deposit loan business is increasingly accepted as a short-term , secure financing .
not all people who use the loan are also in financial trouble .
rich people from singapore also come to the valuemax branches to pledge gold bars and rolex watches , for which they receive up to 60 percent of the purchase price in cash .
we are joined by customers from all social classes .
“ these include wealthy people who borrow something for a business or investment in the short term , or small companies that need to bridge bottlenecks in cash flow , ” says yeah .
sometimes you just need money very quickly .
nsa is sucking data from google and yahoo - snowden wants to help .
edward snowden , the intelligence contractor , is interested in helping germany clarify the increasingly explosive nsa spas .
according to the green federal mep hans-christian ströbele , his surprising meeting with snowden in russia was about the conditions under which the ex-secret service member would appear before a german public prosecutor ’ s office .
snowden referred to his complicated legal situation , said ströbele to the ard magazine &quot; panorama &quot; .
rescue package of $ 325 million for tasmanian health care
the australian government insists on the tough conditions associated with the rescue package of $ 325 million for tasmanian health care to ensure that the government cannot turn away .
federal health minister tanya plibersek has announced that the commonwealth will take “ immediate action ” to avert a crisis caused by an aging population of the island state , a higher rate of disease in chranks .
the funding for a four-year period was decided after government consultations with the independent tasmanian member , andrew wilkie .
“ the government has put together an emergency rescue package that we believe addresses the unique challenges facing the state , ” said plibersek today .
the $ 325 million package includes $ 31 million in emergency election aid .
further 2600 operations , including orthopaedic operations and treatments for grey star , are intended to eliminate residues .
there is also money for day clinics in hobart and launceston , better post-hospital care , facharvesting , mental health services , and the introduction of electronic health records systems .
“ these investments are in line with the ideas that affected clinic workers have told me that they are the best way to improve the tasmanian health system , ” said tanya plibersek .
the minister insisted on strict reporting and accountability by the tasmanian government .
the state must maintain the current level of funding in order to be able to receive money from the commonwealth and report monthly on where the additional funds were spent .
a three-member commission is being set up to ensure that the federal state provides health services as effectively and efficiently as possible .
as wilkie said today , the $ 325 million would be of little use if “ they are not accompanied by genuine reforms that will push the public tashmanic health system toward a more sustainable course . ”
nevertheless , he praised the government for responding to his request for urgent assistance , which he expressed first to the prime minister at the beginning of may .
“ i am confident that federal aid will make a major contribution to removing the state ’ s public health system from the list of concerns , ” wilkie said .
according to the state government , these election services will largely compensate for the recent cuts .
but the federal opposition ’ s health-policy spokesman , peter dutton , believes that today ’ s announcement is only a “ pavement solution . ”
“ we are in today ’ s situation because the lab government has pulled out of the health system $ 430 million , ” he said to abc tv .
it is not acceptable for a government to pull out almost half a billion dollars and put the commonwealth into 300 million and then pretend that the good news is good .
dutton called on plibersek to guarantee that not a single dollar of the bailout would be spent on additional bureaucracy .
guillaume nicloux &apos; adaptation of the novel by denis diderot convinces with extraordinary production facilities and contemporary details , but it is also more severe food than necessary .
the act of the 1760 ’ s in france tells the story of suzanne , a young nobleman sent from her family to the monastery .
when she rebelled , she confronted the extreme cruelty of an extremely sadistic woman , becoming the object of erotic fascination with another .
the film never slides into liberedness or sensationalism – and that is his problem .
the solemn seriousness with which the film is told makes it a quaint bulldog for the public as well .
syria has destroyed its ability to produce chemical weapons , according to a group of surveillance .
syria has destroyed important chemical weapons and gitfgasmunition manufacturing facilities , declared the global chemical weapons surveillance group on thursday , while there were serious collisions in the north of the country near one of the major sites of toxic substances .
also on thursday , a syrian activist group announced that more than 120,000 people had been killed since the civil war began almost three years ago .
the announcement of the organisation for the ban on chemical weapons ( opcw ) came the day before the date of the meeting on the matter .
1 november , which the hague organisation had set damascus to destroy all chemical weapons manufacturing facilities or to make “ inoperable ” , including all machines for mixing toxic substances .
the conclusion of this process , which is essentially the first stage of destruction , is an important milestone in an ambitious timetable aimed at the destruction of all syria &apos;s chemical weapons by mid-2014 .
the destruction of facilities means that syria cannot produce new chemical weapons .
damascus , however , must begin to destroy the weapons and supplies that exist .
it is estimated that there are around 1,000 tonnes of chemicals and weapons in the country , including senfgas and nerve gas sarin .
the announcement came at a time when fighting took place in the town of safira on thursday , when experts say that there is a production facility for chemical weapons and storage facilities , such as those located in the united kingdom .
the activist group , which is tracking the number of deaths across a network of activists in syria , declared on thursday that 120,296 people died .
of these , 61,067 are civilians , including 6,365 children .
on the government side , 29,954 of them belonged to the army of president bashar assad , 18,678 are government-friendly fighters , and 187 are lebanese hezbollah militias .
the dead , too , are 2,202 deserted army soldiers and 5,375 opposition fighters , many of them foreigners .
on 25 july , the un estimated that the number of deaths in this conflict has been 100,000 since march 2011 .
this number has not been updated .
the conflict has forced some two million people to flee the country .
assad ’ s troops have been fighting the rebels in safira for weeks , many of which have links to al-qaeda groups .
the centre said that there were losses on both sides on thursday , but did not mention details .
the fighting underlines the danger that the chemical weapons inspectors face , because their mission to liberate syria from its toxic arsenal is a race against the time in the midst of a deadly civil war .
opcw , working closely with the united nations , said that the team “ now believes that it has seen and witnessed all the major production and mixing / filling facilities referred to by syria . ”
that is why ‘ no further inspection activities are planned at the moment ’ .
earlier this week , the inspectors said they had completed the first round of checks and visited 21 out of 23 of the sites indicated by damascus .
the inspectors said that two security concerns did not allow the visit of two institutions .
on thursday , the opwc stated that the two sites were “ abandoned , according to syrian statements , and the existing objects of the chemical weapons programme had been transferred to other named facilities which were inspected . ”
it was not immediately clear whether the safira site was one of the two facilities that the opcw inspectors could not visit .
syria has presented a plan for the complete destruction of its chemical weapons , which must be approved by the opwc executive committee next month .
“ i salute the bravery and courage that they all showed in fulfilling the most challenging mission ever carried out by this organization , ” said the director general uzumku , who published in the post of general uzumku .
for three years now , the mostly sunni muslim rebels have been fighting assad ’ s government and security forces , which are members of the alawites , in this civil war , to secede shia islam .
with regard to further developments , the head of the monitoring group , rami abdurrahman , said that there was a major explosion in an air defence facility in the latakia province of syria on wednesday .
the cause of the explosion was not known , he explained .
anger over the verdict on bombers by bali
the 202 people who died in the bomb attack in bali in 2002 were reacting in anger with the verdict for the last of the instigators who were tried to be found in court .
patek , who was on the run for almost ten years as one of the most southeast asian people , was sentenced yesterday for his role in the construction of explosives for the bomb attack on 20 years .
he could be released after 15 years with a penalty .
the 45-year-old was found guilty of mass murder because of the attack on two night clubs in the popular kuta tourist area , where 202 people died , including 88 australians .
a guilty verdict was also made in a series of terrorist charges , including a wave of explosive attacks on churches in indonesia on christmas eve in 2000 .
the prosecutor had demanded a life sentence even if she could have applied for the death penalty for the man who is also called ‘ demolition man ’ for his reputation as a master bomber .
the decision has aroused painful memories of june corteen , a mother of perth who lost her 39 year old twin sons jane and jenny in the patek and his co-conspiracies .
fighting with tears , she said that patek should have been sentenced to death .
i really think he should follow in the footsteps of the other guys .
“ you should put him in front of a shooting command , ” corteen said to aap .
i have to live every day with the fact that i will not get any more grandchildren and i will never see my daughters again .
the sari club was razed on the ground when , on 12 october 2002 , shortly after 11 p.m. , a massive bomb exploded in a small vent parked in front of the nightclub .
peter hughes was in paddy &apos;s bar , where only 20 seconds earlier a suicide bomber exploded a backpack .
he fell into the coma for a month after the attack and “ died ” three times while he was hung for a life support system .
hughes said that patek deserved the same fate as the three other members of the terrorist cell yemaah islamiah – amrozi , mukhlas , and imam samudra – were responsible for .
in fact , this type should be given the death penalty before anyone else .
letting him live – no , there is no reason to let him die .
getting 20 years after he killed 202 people and injured many hundreds is not much .
patek is the last of the bali bombers to be tried .
he escaped from arrest for nearly a decade , but was finally picked up in the pakistani city of abbottabad , where us forces stole former al-qaeda chief osama , just four months later .
during the negotiation , an fbi agent said that intelligence reports had indicated that patek was in pakistan to meet bin laden with the aim of reconnecting south east asian terrorist groups .
“ he didn ’ t stand up , ” said corteen .
until recently , he has shown no repentance at how much suffering he has inflicted on other people .
the verdict was given before the ten-year anniversary of the attack this year , which was held with commemorative ceremonies in bali and australia .
“ there will be many tears this year , ” said corteen .
patek may appeal against his judgment .
faa : passengers can now use electronic equipment in aircraft ( but do not make mobile phone calls )
air passengers can now use their electronic devices to read , work , play , listen to music and watch movies from the departure to landing , but not to make phone calls with the new federal guidelines issued on thursday .
but passengers should not expect these changes to be implemented immediately .
how quickly they would be implemented depends on the airline concerned , faa staff member michael huerta explained at a press conference .
airlines must prove to the faa that aircraft comply with the new directives and that they have updated the staff training manuals and the provisions for storing the equipment in accordance with the new regulations .
the faa stated that it has already received plans from some airlines to expand the use of portable electronic equipment in aircraft .
these airlines included delta and jetblue .
“ depending on the state of the plan , we could very soon approve the extended use of electronic devices , ” said faa in a statement .
at present , passengers must shut down smartphones , tablets , and other devices when the doors are closed .
you may not restart the aircraft until the aircraft reaches a height of three kilometres and the captain has given the green light .
when entering the flight , passengers must switch off the aircraft again and not restart them before the aircraft has landed .
under the new directives , airlines whose aircraft are secured against electronic disturbances could allow their passengers to use them even when they are launched , landed and on the field of rolling , the faa explained .
most new commercial aircraft and other aircraft converted to higher heights for the use of wi-fi should meet the criteria .
laura glading , president of the professional association of professional cabin crew , welcomed the changes .
“ if the new scheme is implemented securely – and we are working closely with the airline in this regard – both sides will benefit , ” commented glading .
we are frankly tired of feeling more attentive to this issue .
however , internet connections for surfing , exchanging e-mails , text messages or downloading data under three kilometres remained prohibited , the authority explained .
passengers are asked to enter the flight mode for smartphones , tablets and other devices .
so still no &quot; words with friends &quot; , the scrabble resembling online game that the actor alec baldwin 2011 played on his smartphone , when he had to leave a public-sector airline jew .
and more heavy equipment such as laptops must continue to be stowed , as there is a risk of injury if you fly through the cabin .
mobile phone calls during the flight will also remain prohibited .
the regulatory competence for telephone calls lies with the federal communications commission ( fcc ) , not the faa .
faa may lift the ban on certain electronic devices when they start and land .
last month , mark rosenker said of the national transport safety board transport safety authority that national transport experts on cbs news were still considering mobile phones as a risk .
“ mobile phones are really a problem , not only because they could potentially cause disturbance in navigation devices , but because we know from the fcc that the transmission from the air can also disrupt transmitters ” , said .
a industry advisory committee , created by the faa to investigate this issue , recommended last month that the government allow for a wider use of personal electronic equipment .
in recent years , the pressure on the faa has increased to ease use restrictions .
critics such as the democratic senator , claire mccascill of missouri , believe that there are no valid reasons for the ban .
the restrictions are also becoming increasingly difficult to enforce , because the use of the equipment has become ubiquitous .
some studies talk of the fact that up to one third of passengers are forgetting or ignoring the switch off of the equipment .
faa began restricting the use of electronic devices by air passengers in 1966 , after reports of disruptions to navigation and communications equipment by passenger ucw radios , which had become the latest in technology , presented by passengers .
new aircraft are much more dependent on electrical systems than previous generations of aircraft , but they are also designed and approved by the faa in such a way that electronic interference is not a thing of the past .
airlines have been offering wi-fi for a number of years now , when the flight is reached .
the planes adapted to wi-fi systems are also more insensitive to interference .
the vast majority of passenger aircraft should be designed to be more used by electronic equipment under the new directives , said huerta .
today &apos;s electronic devices generally give far less radio radiation than previous generations .
e-readers , for example , only display minimal radiation when turned over .
however , when downloading or sending data , the transmission values are stronger .
amazon.com. is one of the advocates of easing the restrictions on the use of equipment by passengers .
in 2011 , corporate employees invited a passenger plane full of kindle e-reader and made a test flight to identify problems , but could not find out .
members of the faa advisory committee expressed mixed feelings about the risk of using equipment .
douglas kidd of the national association of airline passenger said that he believed that the disruption of the equipment was genuine , even if the risk was minimal .
other members of the committee said that there are only a few isolated reports from pilots that advocate disrupting aircraft systems by the devices , and most of them are very old .
the committee , however , recommended that the faa allow pilots to arrange for passengers to switch off the equipment in the event of an instrument landing under poor visibility .
a group from the travel industry welcomed the changes and described them as a reasonable adjustment for travellers who would now be equipped with a great deal of technology .
“ we are delighted that the faa recognizes that a pleasant passenger experience does not conflict with safety , ” said roger dow , ceo of the u.s. travel association .
the birds saved by air rescue service from nordsee borehole .
a bird flown to the coast by air rescue service , which had been found exhausted on a north sea drilling island , was released into nature again .
the water rall was flown last month with a helicopter to aberdeen , where it was poured into the alloa rescue centre by the spca animal welfare organisation .
colin seddon , head of the center , said : “ this water rall was probably a wintry draught bird from northern europe , held back by the strong winds over the north sea . ”
it seems that the exhausted bird was seeking refuge on the island of drilling .
he added : “ he could not fly any further , so we were contacted with the request for help . ”
when they were released , the water rall was fit and healthy again .
is europe ’ s elite willing to do business with britain ?
business for britain was launched in april with the intention of bringing the economy to a table and defining what those who provide wealth and work in britain want to change in our relations with the eu .
to this end , we commissioned the largest and most comprehensive survey among british business leaders and asked them what they think about britain , the economy and the eu .
yougov interviewed more than 1,000 business leaders who depict roughly the british company sizes , sectors , and regions .
the results of the survey will surprise many .
we have found out that the vast majority of companies are now exporting outside europe and are concentrating on countries that modernise and grow while the states in the eu are stagnating .
they want government to favor new trade links with countries like china , india , and brazil , rather than bow to the long and demanding process of reforming obscure eu institutions .
when asked for their view on certain issues that are regulated by law – from antitrust law to product legislation – the majority of business leaders believe that control of these key competences should be retrieved to westminster .
there was widespread dissatisfaction with the internal market , because , according to companies , the cost of the brussels rules would now outweigh the advantages of being part of europe ’ s trade area – even 40 % of large companies have traditionally agreed .
finally , and this probably says most , our consultation with economic leaders showed that a clear majority would like britain to move towards a change in the agreement , and a relationship with the eu based on trade , not policy .
this realization , which is found among companies of all sizes and leading groups , shows that the economy is pushing for a “ meaningful change ” that brings the business world back to britain .
it is a lot of the matter – a change in the agreement and better conditions for britain would lead to a 16 % change in opinion in favour of the eu ’ s remaining in a referendum .
the prime minister should be in no doubt : this poll shows that the british economy is behind his plan for renegotiating the british conditions of eu membership .
it also shows that companies expect a significant shift in power back to britain from a renegotiation .
a better deal for the british economy is possible and increasingly necessary , as the eurozone is now moving toward a closer economic and fiscal union .
the priority must be jobs and growth in britain , as the result of our survey shows , which means that businesses are increasingly focusing on trade and a fundamental change in the brussels approach to regulations .
alexei miller of gazprom calls the pipeline in bulgaria the beginning of a new gas era .
the start of construction of the south stream pipeline in bulgaria represents the start of one of the largest european energy projects , declared the gazprom board of directors .
“ today ’ s event is a milestone : construction work has begun on the bulgarian section of the south stream gas pipeline , the largest and most important project in europe , ” said the ceo of gazprom .
the project is a key element in the energy security of the whole of europe .
south stream is supposed to provide more diversity in russia &apos;s export routes through europe .
a contract dispute between gazprom and his counterparts in ukraine , where most of russia &apos;s gas is stored for europe , is a concern for increased risk from conventional routes to hearing , as from official sources .
miller said that the direct link with bulgaria , a member of the european union , means that the geopolitical risks associated with transit countries have been “ forever ” eliminated .
bulgarian consumers receive gas from south stream at discounted rates when the whole 2015 project is operational .
according to gazprom , construction work in other subordinate countries is to begin on the planned route at the end of the year .
the pipeline is designed to provide an annual capacity of 62.3 billion cubic metres of natural gas .
for national and international investors , there is no way around germany ’ s real estate site .
the economic framework data are correct , and the funding possibilities are excellent .
this was the tenor of the 9th real estate day of the börsen-zeitung .
german real estate markets benefit from economic strength and the country ’ s favourable economic environment , which is comparable to that of europe .
christian ulbrich , ceo of europe , middle east and africa of jones lang lasalle , pointed this out on the 9th real estate day of the börsen-zeitung .
the view of the volume of transactions , so ulbrich , shows how sought german commercial properties are .
in the first three quarters of this year , it increased by 31 % compared with last year &apos;s section .
in the united kingdom , plus was only 6 % , while in france it was 19 % .
&quot; real estate investments offer attractive interest , &quot; said ulbrich .
the gap between real estate and federal bonds is historically high .
faa eases restrictions on the use of electronic equipment in aircraft – even if mobile phone calls remain prohibited .
combat aircraft attack a depot of russian missiles in the port city of latakia , as was officially announced .
this is obviously a continuation of the israeli campaign to prevent the proliferation of weapons in the middle east .
the federal appeal court blocked a judge &apos;s decision to discriminate against minorities in the controversial tactics of the nypd .
almost 100 african immigrants who wanted to enter algeria were thirsty after two trucks were left in the middle of the sahara .
experts say that the violent crime that killed 14 adults and seven children is nothing but a mere coincidence and is not a sign of growing violence in america .
rather than being insecure by the us government ’ s default , investors focused on what presumably matters more : the federal reserve .
the california woman plans to challenge the possible first charge of this type , on the grounds that the glasses connected with the internet facilitate navigation .
the police say that it has a video that says that mayor rob ford is smoking a crack-pipe .
even close allies have secrets in front of each other – and try to find out what is being held back .
the vatican wants to know how catholic parish around the world deal with sensitive issues such as contraception , divorce , and gay couples .
hearing before the royal commission : two ymca employees accused of sexual offences against jonathan lord
two ymca workers from new south wales ( nsw ) were accused of sexual offences involving children before the child carer jonathan könig lord was accused in 2011 .
but when the ymca opened the commission , it stated that ‘ never had to deal with an incident of sexual child abuse in the organisation ’ .
chief executive phillip hare was questioned about a case in which a ymca employee was accused of misconduct in child pornography in 1991 , and another in which a sports teacher was convicted of the ymca .
hare said that gail furness , a lawyer assisting the commission , knew about the first case but did not know the second .
he acknowledged that the ymca ’ s opening statement to the commission was also inaccurate in claiming that “ there have been external reviews of the ymca , in which the ymca was at the forefront of child safety . ”
evidence to the commission shows , rather , that the ymca was informed that it received the second lowest rating of four possible in a quality audit of the department of education and communities in august ( ministry of education ) .
hare , who started with 21 at the ymca , acknowledged that the management had “ downward from me ” failed to recruit lord , and that staff were not sure that their obligations were being met .
lord was sentenced earlier this year for sexual offences against twelve boys during his two-year career in the ymca .
he was sentenced to at least six years in prison .
however , hare denied that the ymca has a cultural problem that prevented staff from reporting lords ’ violations in relation to children ’ s safety .
the staff said they had observed infringements , including that lord was with children alone , she was privately looked after as a baby sitter , she was sitting on his lap , saying that he loved it .
danielle ockwell , whose chief executive was lord and who had asked for a child protection training because she was worried about his behavior , said that the child service director jacqui barca was very concerned .
the managing director said that he would not accept statements from employees that they would not have dared to reimburse their superiors .
instead , he said , their friendship with lord had affected their judgement , which is why they had not reported it .
hare explained that he has informed the ymca nsw board of directors of his view that the lesson that the organization had to draw from the “ jonathan lord-incident ” to the report to the employee , “ did not .
hare said that the decision to urge employees to sign confidentiality obligations shortly after the charges have been made was taken by the ymca ’ s chief child services , liam whitley .
he said that this was intended to prevent contamination of the evidence , but that was ‘ over-zealous ’ and poorly implemented .
the ymca nsw was not a child-safe organization when jonathan lord was there between 2009 and 2011 , explained professor stephen sexual abuse commission from the griffith university .
he explained that there were “ serious problems ” in recruiting , checking , reviewing , training , and supervising staff .
the hearing was postponed until 20 december .
tony blair said he would take the opportunity to return as british prime minister , but concedes that a comeback is unlikely .
in an interview tonight on the occasion of the fifth anniversary of his retirement , the 59 year old announced his views on various domestic issues .
since his resignation in june 2007 , after a decade as head of state , blair has largely avoided expressing his views on british politics , and has mostly confined his comments to foreign policy and his role as envoy of the middle east .
on the question of whether he would like to return to the post of prime minister , blair was quoted from the evening standard in london , saying , “ yes , sure , but it is unlikely that it will happen ... ”
when the horse-shooting experts arrived in cardiff to choose the horse of the year , they knew that a tough competition was imminent .
but none of them was prepared for the three-year-old fenton kirkland .
the knirps , who is not even in the kindergarten and only took his first steps a few months ago , and his shetland pony toffee rolled through the first three rounds and won the first prize .
the inseparable couple , both equal in size , were praised for their performance , behavior , and style at the annual competition organised by the sunnybank equestrian centre in rudry near cardiff .
in competition with men and women with elegant melons , he had placed his legs cap in a neat angle and led the two years old toffee through the ring .
fenton was praised by the jurors for his natural abilities in dealing with the pony , which was well above his age .
and toffee received top marks for his performance and his personality .
fenton had received toffee last march as a gift to his third birthday and since then practiced every day with the shetland pony .
his mother , donna , 30 , said : “ fenton and toffee are a great feat . ”
they had to compete against the entire field and went out of the field with gold cup and rosette .
it was only the second time that he had participated in a competition with toffee and we were all delighted when he won .
completely alien in the arena thought it was so phenomenal that they wanted to be photographed with him .
the little boy from the village of nantyglo near ebbw vale , south wales , follows in the footsteps of his aunt sharon howell , who has been running horses for more than ten years .
howell ’ s story said : “ the entire audience was electrified , and everyone fueled and killed it . ”
he ran on sand for the entire length of the arena and although he looked so tiny , he did a fantastic job .
fenton is crazy for animals – he loves horses , tractors and farms and has two chickens to take care of .
as it started , it will not be long before it is on the “ horse of the year ” show – and i am sure it will be good .
one spokesman for the annual horse show said , “ fenton is only three , but he knows how to deal with his pony . ”
together they are a great team .
the jury evaluated fenton and toffee how well they had beaten and presented in the performance .
they look for good cooperation between pony and leader – and here fenton and toffee were the best in the ring .
i am sure fenton &apos;s sweet clothes played their part in making this a perfect occasion .
chinese newspapers are to be “ reformed ” after calling
a chinese newspaper , which had called on the front page for the release of a reporter accused of defamation , should be reformed , a press regulator declared .
the new express , based in guangzhou , had printed a rare public call for the release of the journalist chen yongzhou .
but chen later admitted on television that he had taken bribes to falsify reports about a sub-state company .
now the new express is being subjected to “ comprehensive rectification , ” the regulator declared .
the “ rectification order ” was issued by the guangdong press and publications authority , radio , film and television .
preliminary investigations showed that the new express , which belongs to the yangcheng evening news group , had published several inaccurate reports about the publicly traded company zooming between september 2012 and august 2013 .
“ the editorial management of the new express was disorganised , ” the regulatory authority announced in a statement .
she said that she had decided to “ impose an administrative penalty on chen yongzhou and to withdraw his reporter ’ s license ” .
in addition , “ the yangcheng evening news group has been instructed to complete rectification of the new express and recommended that the relevant persons in charge of the new express be identified and the new leadership team immediately reviewed . ”
chen had written several articles for the new express in which he reported on alleged financial irregularities with a manufacturer of construction machinery called zoomlion .
after he was arrested , the newspaper issued two calls for his release on the front page and stood behind his journalistic work .
but chen then appeared on state television and admitted that he had published false reports for payment .
“ in this case , i have damaged zoomlion , as well as the entire news industry and its ability to gain public confidence , ” he explained to the state news channel cctv .
i did it first and foremost because i was out for money and glory .
i have realised that i have acted wrongly .
following chen ’ s apology , the new express issued an apology on the front page , declaring that it failed to check the reports correctly .
several well-known suspects have recently made confessions on television .
experts say that confessions are still routinely enforced , despite a legislative amendment earlier this year , in which the authorities were banned from forcing someone to accuse themselves .
drogentunnel , with its own rail system between the us and mexico , is discovering .
one of the most sophisticated tunnels for drug smuggling between the us and mexico , which was fully equipped with lighting , ventilation and electrical rail operations , has now been discovered .
the us authorities described the 120 times 90 centimeters of the tunnel as one of the most sophisticated passages they would have ever found .
the tunnel , which runs in the zickzack pattern over a length of just six football fields , connects warehouses near tijuana , mexico , and san diego , usa .
there are countless unseemly warehouses in the area , making it easier to hide trucks containing drugs .
the tunnel was closed before drugs could be transported unrecognized in it , the authorities declared .
eight and a half tonnes of marijuana and 148 kilograms of cocaine were secured in the discovery of the tunnel , according to the court &apos;s records .
three men who , according to the authorities , worked as drivers were charged for possessing and selling marijuana and cocaine .
they are threatened with prison sentences between ten years and life if they are guilty .
in nogales , arizona , smugglers rely on an extensive underground network of drainage channels .
the tunnel is the eighth large passage that has been discovered in san diego since 2006 .
some of the largest tunnels were discovered in october after the marijuana harvest in central mexico , which poses the challenge of the drug cartels to how to quickly bring their product to the consumers .
in 2010 , authorities found a passage of almost 640 meters long , with rails , which ran from a kitchen in a residential building in tijuana to two warehouses in san diego .
orlando bloom and miranda kerr still love themselves .
actors orlando bloom and model miranda kerr want to go separate ways in the future .
in an interview , however , bloom said that he and kerr still love each other .
miranda kerr and orlando bloom are parents of the two year old flynn .
actor orlando bloom has spoken on separation from his wife , topmodel miranda kerr .
in an interview with us journalist katie couric , who was to be broadcast on friday ( local time ) , bloom said , &quot; life sometimes does not just go as we hope it is . &quot;
kerr and he himself still loved , emphasized the 36 year old .
&quot; we will support each other and love each other as parents of flynn &quot; .
kerr and bloom have been married since 2010 , and their sons flynn was born in 2011 .
veganism , according to lexicas , is subject to vegetarianism , but differs in a very significant way from that .
for while vegetarians allow themselves to eat cream cakes , ice cream or a strong edamer , these gourmets are not on a vegan ’ s menu .
milk , cheese , egg , besides the abandonment of meat and fish , the vegan is abandoning all consumption of animal products - honey is also being denied .
what remains , one may wonder , but on closer inspection , vegan nutrition is characterised by a considerable ingenuity .
&quot; bread spreads are very popular &quot; , explains ute henkelmann , owner of the local reform house , which offers a variety of special products for vegans .
reuben proctor also visits the shop at domgasse .
for 13 years , the native new zealand has lived in vegan , lampertheim has ( almost ) found everything he needs for life . &quot; in 1997 i converted my diet and became vegetarians &quot; .
at the turn of the century the next step was taken and i became vegan .
&quot; the conviction came not only because of the diet , but because of the choice of shoes , &quot; proctor , who prefers the leather of normal leather .
he realized that other everyday concerns do not include animal products .
vegan is first and foremost an ethical man .
&quot; i don &apos;t want animals to die for me , &quot; proctor explains the vegan &apos;s maxim , which covers all consumer behaviour .
instead of mourning burgers , agitators or rubber bears , the vegan quickly discovered new products , and enthusiasm increased .
&quot; it &apos;s a double bonus , &quot; proctor today says , &quot; actually vegan is not a renunciation , it &apos;s an enrichment , &quot; the assumption is that you can use the diet conversion as a normal .
and it was these conditions that caused many attempts , even if well intentioned , to fail .
&quot; the addiction factor is a very important factor , which makes many people give up quickly , similar to smoking , &quot; proctor makes a comparison .
and applies : &quot; certain tastes are not to be fixed at the animal &quot; .
it is often the spices or the type of preparation that make up the taste .
&quot; you can also create the same effect in other ways &quot; , the vegans make clear .
proctor also offers a barbecue with aubergines , mushrooms and a few vegan sausages .
he looks for a balanced , varied diet , in which it is also supposed to taste something delicious .
of course , one wants something between the teeth , that is legitimate .
&quot; it should taste , but this is not just to reduce animal food , &quot; proctor said .
he has not suffered any damage to health , including eating disorders , another widespread assumption .
for me , the conversion had a positive aspect .
i do not take a foreign cholesterol and have an increased vitamin content .
there are high-performance athletes who only feed themselves with vegan .
&quot; my blood values are excellent , i often check out , &quot; proctor tells .
many vegansics warn against the lack of vitamin b12 .
&quot; since animals are fed instead of grassing on the pasture , it is questionable whether the vitamin b12 is found in the meat that is bought in the chest .
vegans also have the option of taking the coenzyme in the form of tablets .
&quot; my b12 values are fine , &quot; he explains .
proctor does not have to go far in food procurement .
after all , basic foodstuffs exist everywhere and every supermarket now has soya milk and other products .
everything i need is on site .
i only buy something special from time to time .
&quot; many people overlook the fact that only finished products are expensive , but that is how &quot; ordinary &quot; finished products are known to be &quot; .
in any case , the preparation of vegan dishes is much cheaper and less time-consuming than is generally assumed .
&quot; there is a lot to discover in the house kitchen , with a few small knees you can achieve good , if not better , results in part , &quot; proctor says .
margarine instead of butter , a little more baking powder and carbon acid instead of egg , with his vegan cheese cake , proctor was able to marvel his parents-in-law .
family celebrations give the vegan a new spice .
this is dynamic when you cook together , and it is of a new significance .
&quot; the situations that can arise are as different as the people themselves , &quot; proctor says .
of course , he was also scepticised .
do you not like my food any more ?
&quot; should i feel bad now because i drink milk ? &quot; - in solcherlei , one should be a vegan with a fingertips .
&quot; i am not against people , i am part of this society , &quot; proctor does not want to be a grandson .
and , more precisely , the everyday world does not appear as alien to vegan as it would seem - and the vegan does not appear so restricted in everyday life as it usually would .
fast food is also allowed .
pommes are everywhere !
&quot; many shops offer falafel , or even a vegetarian yufka , &quot; proctor .
in a pizzeria , he is different from pasta dishes , or just orders a pizza without cheese , all a matter of habit .
the restaurants are so slow to get into it .
&quot; when i started eating vegan 13 years ago , everything was much more difficult , &quot; the new zealand country can find a development : &quot; you have to talk to people , draw them to attention &quot; .
&quot; if enough demands are made , they may be inclined to add the menu , &quot; he hopes .
vegane restaurants are developing , such as mannheim &apos;s combustion plant or the birdfree café .
proctor wants other restaurants to have at least one vegan meal on the menu .
in fact , vegan dishes are available for everyone .
everyone can eat them , so they are exactly the opposite of exclusive .
&quot; meat dishes , on the other hand , are exclusive , and in the truest sense of the word , because they exclude others , &quot; proctor states .
&quot; if you want to avoid food scandals , veganism is a safe way of making the vast majority impossible from the outset , &quot; proctor says .
however , buying vegan products may be a bit difficult at the beginning .
especially if one learns to understand that animal additives can also be included in peanuts as colour-coaters , one seems to be following ethics on so many hurdles and to leave the courage quickly .
not only for this reason , reuben proctor and lars thomsen have written a book : &quot; veganissimo - animal ingredients and their alternatives &quot; explains the many ingredients , the food and also the cleaning agents .
&quot; one is gradually developing a scanner view and knows what signs and logos one has to watch out for &quot; it is sometimes better to do small steps than stand or stumble , &quot; proctor knows .
veganism , it is an important moral finger that hits consciousness .
perhaps he does not quite manage to stop his habits , but at least he can teach consumers to question his habits critically .
the exchange operator nasdaq omx keeps its customers in breath .
trading at the nasdaq options market was suspended on friday afternoon of german time .
in a communication the operator blamed technical problems .
the other 11 us option markets , including two of the nasdaq omx , continued their business unhindered .
the latest incident continues a series of smaller and larger breakdowns at the stock exchange operator .
only on tuesday , the indices of the nasdaq had not been calculated for an hour because of errors in data transport .
in august of this year , two breakdowns took place in a week alone .
first , us investment bank goldman sachs sent massive purchasing orders to option markets due to technical problems .
as a result , exchange operators needed almost a whole day to look through and delete orders .
two days later , half of the total us stock market declined for several hours due to a computer breakdown on the nasdaq stock exchange .
last year , the ipo of facebook also provided a great deal of excitement .
the nasdaq systems were not able to cope with the flood of purchase and sale orders , later established the stock exchange supervision sec and donated the company to a record $ 10 million fine .
constancy : radler rides 63 years around
the accident was reported by the police when a 26 year old man on thursday evening , around 10 p.m. , had a women &apos;s bicycle in an unorderly manner on the left way from the bahnhofplatz in the direction of the square .
when a 63 year old man from a local man suddenly walked , the police said that he could no longer brake the bike in time .
the following collision pushed the pedestrian against the house wall , went down further and fell to the ground and fell to the head for a 15-centimeter-long wound .
a rescue team brought the injured to the clinic for medical treatment .
assange is a british police extradition report .
the british police have today sent a message of extradition to wikileaks founder julian assange , who has sought refuge and sought asylum in the ecuadorian embassy in london .
scotland yard explained that the 40-year-old australian had been given a “ call to stand up ” that would ask him to appear in a police station , and , if he did not , he would be liable .
assange threatens extradition to sweden for the charge of sexual offence , after its possibilities have been exhausted under british law , since the supreme court rejected its objection to extradition at the beginning of the month .
fearing that stockholm would deliver him to the us , he sought refuge in the ecuadorian embassy in london on 19 june and asked the south american country for political asylum .
scotland yard “ sent a 40-year-old man a call to join a police station at a time we chose , ” a spokesman explained .
he continues to violate the conditions of his release on bail .
the message did not comment on the delivery of the police call .
assange fears that he will be delivered by sweden to the united states and accused there of possible spying charges , after publishing over 250,000 diplomatic messages on the wikileaks revelation website .
drivers who had been caught between their legs with a 210 km / h and a hot drink receive £ 1,000 fine .
a £ 1,000 fine was imposed on a driver , driven between his legs with a hot drink of up to 210 km / h .
andrew howie , 35 from tiptree , essex , was stopped on 27 may with his mercedes benz on the a120 at braintree .
after the police stopped him , they discovered the beverage between his legs .
howie schuldig was guilty before the colchester court without the necessary care and attention .
he received seven points and a six-month driving ban .
howie was also convicted of paying £ 90 and a £ 100 surcharge .
tax on foreign property owners against london ’ s speculative bubble
the treasury provisionally has costed the cgt measure , but is still waiting for the final decision of chancellor george osborne , who in the 2012 budget has a stamp tax on the amount of the housing .
already , the income from the stamp tax on residential property in the districts of westminster and kensington &amp; chelsea , which in the 2012 / 13 fiscal year fell to 708 million pounds in northern ireland ,
cook said : “ after the rise in the tax on high prices and the introduction of the associated legislation against a tax , it is difficult to claim that high quality properties are excessively taxed , regardless of the public tax effects . ”
“ but this step could make some foreign investors more restrained in buying property in london , or dissuade owners from selling it , ” he added .
the top five to ten percent of the housing market at a price – in london ’ s wealthy southwest belt , which stretches from fulham to wimbledon , was down by 1.8 % in the previous year .
central london has a steady annual growth of 5.6 % , but has been overshadowed by an emerging “ domestic ” market , in which the southwest part of the city , the north , is 6.5 % .
scientists have been able to shed more light on the context in which a dog &apos;s tail is associated with its mood .
earlier research showed that happy dogs were moving more to the right with the tail ( from the point of view of the dog ) , while in nervous dogs it was the left side .
but scientists now say that other dogs can perceive and respond to these subtle differences .
professor georgio vallortigara , a neuroscientist at the university of trento , said : “ people know well that the left and right brain half react differently to stimuli , which produce positive or negative emotions .
here we tried to look at this for other species .
he also noticed that in dogs , just like in humans , the right brain half is responsible for the left side movement and vice versa , and that the two hemispheres played different roles in emotions .
to learn more about how dogs react to the side of their fellow dogs , the researchers watched the animals while the other dogs looked at the films .
they measured the heart rate of the four-legged and analysed the behavior .
we will probably understand soon why the cock moves in one direction , sometimes in the other direction .
professor vallortigara said : “ we have shown the dogs movies with dogs – either a natural version or a silhouette to eliminate distracting other aspects of the movement , and we could control it more .
when the animals saw a normally idle dog moving the tail to the right ( seen from the perspective of the weaving dog ) , they remained completely relaxed .
but if the incline of pregnancy was mainly left ( again from the perspective of the dog that whispered ) , their heart rate rose and they looked restless .
professor vallortigara believes that the dogs do not communicate deliberately with each other through these movements .
he is convinced that the dogs had learned from experience which movements they should worry about and when not .
he said , “ if you have different encounters with other dogs and wound your cock in one direction rather with friendly behaviour and if the right side produces a less friendly behavior , then you respond on the basis of that experience .
researchers say that the findings of dog owners , vets and trainers could help to better understand the emotions of their animals .
john bradshaw , expert in dog behavior and guest scholarship at the faculty of veterinary medicine at the university of bristol , said that this was not the first study investigating links .
last year a team from lincoln university found out that dogs turn their head to the left when they look at an aggressive dog , and right to the right , when it is a satisfied dog .
in another research at victoria university in canada , the following was stated : “ dogs are going to a robot dog if his tail whispers and not right – rather than being disruptive . ”
according to his statement , the differences could result from the fact that the dogs in the various studies did not interpret the animals in the films or the robot dogs as dogs .
a study of how dogs respond to real dogs could help , he explained .
“ although there is considerable evidence for many different mammals that the two brain halves are used for different purposes , many of the details still need to be determined – and dogs are no exception , ” said dw .
but since their behaviour is easy to record , it will probably not take long before we understand why the tail sometimes moves in one direction , sometimes in the other .
arctic monkeys move appearance in glasgow due to disease alex turner .
the rock band arctic monkeys moved a gig in glasgow after her lead singer was ill with throat inflammation .
the band from sheffield was to play in the hydro on friday .
the show has to be moved , however , due to the illness of the lead singer alex turner .
the band &apos;s announcement came after she had to postpone a performance at the lg arena in birmingham on thursday .
in a statement on their official website , the arctic monkeys informed : “ after the decision to cancel the show at the lg arena in birmingham tonight , and at the medical advice must also tell the arctic .
“ alex turner has diagnosed a throat inflammation , which is why it cannot occur . ”
the show at the lg arena in birmingham will now take place on november 20 , which was moved to the hydro in glasgow on november 21 .
all tickets remain valid for these shows .
we apologize to all ticket holders for the inconvenience this has caused .
please contact customer service at the points of sale where you bought your ticket if you need further assistance .
pope francis appoints the first cardinal hall in february .
pope francis will be appointed for the first time on 22 february , new cardinals of the catholic church , as the vatican announced on thursday .
cardinals are the highest clerics in the catholic church after the pope , and they are also the ones who elect a pope , so that francis will be the first group of men to vote .
there are currently 201 cardinals .
however , a cardinal who has reached an age of 80 can no longer participate in the pope ’ s election – that is true of a group of 120 “ eligible cardinals ” .
in a statement in which the news was announced , father federico lombardi , a vatican spokesman , said that a meeting of all cardinals would take place before the ceremony for the story was announced .
“ pope francis has decided to announce his decision to convene the congress in february in advance so that other meetings that require the participation of cardinals from around the world can be planned , ” lobardi said .
catholic voices jack valero said that the number of eligible cardinals is likely to have fallen by february .
he said that a pope normally appointed as many cardinals as necessary to ensure that the number of eligible cardinals was back at 120 , and that as many cardinals over 80 as he would like .
the consistency of next year is significant because it is the first since the election of francis in march this year , valero says .
there is currently a certain overhang on the part of europe and , in particular , italy .
“ it will be interesting to see whether the new pope will appoint cardinals from the rest of the world in order to restore the balance , ” he said .
forty per cent of catholics live in south america , but they have only a tiny number of cardinal salaries .
the cardinals will also be the first to be appointed since the formation of the cardinal council , founded by francis , to find a group of eight cardinals from all over the world to reform the church .
in the past , the pope decided everything on its own .
“ now franziskus has chosen these eight cardinals to help him , ” valero said .
he said that it is “ well possible ” for franciscus to ask for advice from the cardinals .
but we have not been able to do so – that is all new .
valero said that bishops from large places would typically be called cardinals , but francis stecks “ full of surprises – so we do not know who he appoints . ”
gm calls for new pickup trucks in the us to repair the seat backrest .
general motors calls back almost 19,000 of its brand new chevrolet silverado and gmc sierra pickup trucks with the year 2014 to resolve a problem with the adjustable seat leg .
some of the cars may have a defect in the front seat backrest mechanism .
for this reason , they do not comply with the federal regulations on vehicle safety in the case of head restraints .
“ when the vehicle is raised from the back to the vehicle , it is possible that the head restraint does not properly protect the passengers , so there is an increased risk of injury , ” said the news on the national hway website .
the retrieved models were manufactured between august 1 and september 10 .
the delivery of gm trucks started in june and represents the most important model start of the leading us car manufacturer since the insolvency restructuring in 2009 .
gm informed vehicle owners of the defect in the first half of october .
the nhtsa could not check the notification letter because of the 16-day government shutdown , which had a negative impact on car sales in october .
sales of the silverado and sierra trucks , which were redeveloped for the 2014 model year , increased by 20 percent in the first ten months of the year , gm announced on friday .
in october , gm sold 42.660 silverado trucks and 16.503 sierra pickup trucks .
gm shares rose by 1.4 percent on the new york stock exchange to $ 37.47 on friday afternoon .
the distress of an obama voters
i have elected president obama twice in the hope that change will be possible .
he says that obama has made commendable efforts that have been thwarted by republicans ’ blockade tactics .
the blocking policy does not excuse obamacare ’ s website problems , the drone attacks
obama ’ s memoirs to the 2008 campaign were a sad reminder of what might have been possible .
nathaniel p. morris is a student at the harvard medical school in the second year of his studies .
i am reading a terribly sad book at the moment .
it is a book i thought would blow me up during the sinister second year of my medical studies and give me hope again .
it is called “ the audacity to win ” and describes the memoirs barack obama ’ s presidential election in 2008 .
when i finish my patients &apos; documents in the evening and go to bed , the book takes me back to a time when politics inspired millions and could take a breath of words .
the election was a landslide victory , and news spokesmen stopped to illustrate the historical significance of this hour .
my classmates wept with joy and my parents gathered all the newspapers they could find .
a young team of visionaries was on their way to the white house and the nation was ready for change .
when obama took office in 2008 , he had 82 % approval ratings .
and then i close the book .
turning back to the present is a evil awakening , as if you are being torn out of a dream .
it is hard to remember these optimistic times – they seem to be a vague memory , a sad reminder of missed opportunities .
in fact , something has changed in the years since i first voted .
but it is simply not something i could have imagined .
i recognise the great and versatile things that obama has achieved , from the adoption of the affordable care act for health insurance to the military withdrawal from iraq , the end of the forced killing .
i agree that party political blockade tactics have overturned efforts to bring our nation forward : immigration reform , a public option for health insurance , and closing down guanto bay .
but , having defended the obama administration countless times to colleagues and acquaintances , i have ended my attempts to explain .
i have reached a point of political despair .
republican blockade politics cannot explain why foreign leaders are allowed to intercept or kill innocent children by drones overseas .
it cannot explain why the national security agency collects data on americans ’ private lives and why whistleblower is punished , disclosing government misconduct .
it cannot explain why anwar al-awlaki , an american citizen , was murdered without trial , nor why the public limits on financing and spending were circumvented during the presidential elections .
it does not justify the results of a report that states that the efforts of the white house to calm the media are the “ most aggressive ... since the nixon government . ”
and , most recently , it cannot excuse the inability to design a simple website in the more than three years since the adoption of the affordable care act .
i do not know whether that is what i should have expected .
whether i should have understood , with 18 , that government could contradict the political campaigns it had preceded it .
obviously , the members ’ office is not a predictable course , as an opposition party and random events like the newtown-massacre shape public debate .
but when i look at the examples above , they seem to be largely elected by the government itself .
and that troubles me most .
i re-elected obama in 2012 , not because i was enthusiastic about his candidacy .
mitt romney was a confusing and ineffective alternative , he seemed unable to determine his direction and positions .
i had the impression that a second term for obama , free from the pressures of future elections , would deliver the hope that we have been hearing about for so long .
but , with obama ’ s approval ratings falling to less than 45 % this week , the return to 2008 has become all the harder through this book .
it awakens in me the yearning for the many promises that have been made in the air .
this week , i read a section in the book describing how obama had to take a heavy loss against clinton in the pennsylvania pre-election .
in a meeting with the election workers after the decision , he told his staff that they had to get back on track and follow the cause of their cause .
“ i want us to find our magic again , ” he said .
we must remember who we are .
it is five years later , mr president , and i could not agree more .
the views expressed in this comment are those of nathaniel morris .
clive palmer claims that prime minister tony abbott has conflict of interest in parental leave
billionaire and mep clive palmer says that prime minister tony abbott is in conflict of interest in his parental leave plans because his daughters are becoming pregnant and could therefore benefit from it .
the mining magnat , who is in a legal dispute about paying $ 6 million in carbon taxes , claimed when he wanted to wipe questions off the table as to whether he was in a conflict .
the palmer united party could control up to four votes in the senate , which are important for deciding whether to cut or cut co2 and mining taxes .
but palmer claimed that only ministers could have conflicts of interest , and abbott ’ s daughters would benefit personally from the laws .
“ he is in a great conflict of interest when it comes to paid parental leave , because when one of his daughters becomes pregnant , he has a direct interest in whether he is on holiday or not , ” said palmer .
two months after the election , the palmer electoral commission officially declared the winner of the sunshine coast seat of fairfax by 53 votes ahead after the recount .
palmer called for a review of the voting count process so that it could proceed more quickly .
tony abbott &apos;s daughter frances and bridget .
should these elections be decided two months after the end of the vote ?
“ we need a better system , ” he said .
why should we not have a system of marching in , entering data into a computer , selecting it immediately and then having the result at 6 : 30 in the evening ?
palmer also criticized the use of pencil marking when marking the ballot papers .
are they used because you can erase the results if you do not like them ?
today , voting with pencil is incredible .
the electoral commission has examined the options for an electronic vote and recently published a joint legislative proposal with new zealand .
palmer , 59 , explained that his policies include an international airport for the sunshine coast and that he will take his new post “ very seriously . ”
a public office is about serving the public .
“ we are not seeking reward other than history , namely that we can serve in a critical time of this community , ” he said .
rbs suspended two forex traders
the royal bank of scotland has suspended two traders from its foreign exchange department , two people familiar with the situation , another indication that the worldwide official investigation into the alleged currency manipulation is taking place .
some of the world ’ s largest banks , including ubs , barclays , deutsche bank , and rbs , confirmed that they are cooperating with the authorities in the world ’ s largest financial market investigations , with us $ 5.3 trillion daily changing .
the two traders would be the first rbs employees to be suspended in the expanding investigation that entails the scandal surrounding the libo interbank business .
the bank , which did not comment on the suspensions , confirmed this month that it received requests for information from authorities .
“ our investigations on this subject are continuing and we are cooperating fully with the fca and other regulators , ” said the bank two weeks ago .
last month , people close to the situation indicated that the rbs had forwarded the records of emails and instant messages sent by and to a former trader to the british regulatory authority , the financial conduct .
this trader , richard usher , had left the rbs in 2010 and is now expected to have been vacated by jpmorgan from his current position as european head of forex spot trading .
rohan ramchandani , head of european spot trading at citi , was vacated this week and matt gardiner , formerly chief currency dealer at barclays and ucharts , was donated to standard .
none of these traders was accused of any misconduct .
bankers belonging to the instant messaging group of usher barclays and the citigroup , said people close to the situation .
ubs announced this week that it had taken steps against some of its employees after the swiss regulatory authority finma declared that it was investigating alleged manipulation of the foreign exchange market in a number of swiss banks .
at least six authorities around the world – the european commission , finma , the swiss competition authority weko , the fca , the us department of justice , and the hong kong monetary authority – are currently dealing with accusations at bankers .
hsbc , citigroup , jpmorgan and credit suisse have also launched internal investigations or received information requests from authorities , told familiar people about the situation .
banks are combing instant messages and e-mails from several years in search of cases of malconduct .
the news about these investigations has put revolts on traders in an area that has in recent years been one of the most profitable of the trading units of investment banks , but this year was constrained by volatility .
some bankers have tried to play down the affair and said that it is almost impossible to manipulate the vast and highly liquid foreign exchange market , but leading traders do not think that is necessarily true .
a leading trader noted that , despite the enormous daily volume of foreign exchange trading , the fragmentation of liquidity between the different trading platforms and the increasing use of their own internal platforms can lead to the “ existence of some ” banks .
the news came out the same day , when credit suisse announced that it had cancelled a trader of its london exchange traded funds office this week , after causing a loss of almost $ 6 million at the end of last year .
the bank promptly informed the competent authorities and cooperates with them .
“ we are sure that the trader acted alone and that the matter is contained , ” credit suisse explained .
the building fence on the bequeathed plot
a group of the citizens &apos; initiative &quot; schweizer wiese &quot; has beautified the fence on the bechtle plot at the spa promenade in bad herrenalb .
moreover , it cleaned and broadened the footpath , it says in a press release .
the planned covering of the crumbling house at the rear of the property was not allowed for security reasons , because the site is threatened with slipping .
alfred abel , who currently manages the plot , had denied the beautification action with his colleague reinhard domke of the bi .
before the bi &apos;s action , a transparent message was put in place with the message &apos; we are for it &apos; .
but that did not disturb the approximately 20 members of the citizens &apos; initiative much of their action .
their motto on the grand poster was &quot; we are against building ruins &quot; .
in doing so , she wanted to point out the danger of still greater ruins on the swiss meadow - if the giant project one day fails .
in the discussion with many passers-by before the building site , it became clear that some citizens believe that the realization of the city project will be better for many , although not many people have the same questions about the dimension of the bi presented project .
but they are beginning to resign , because the city continues to delay these responses , it is said by the bi .
as has been said , the mayor &apos;s public statements have an impact .
may had said at the council meeting that he feared that the thermal bath would end if the public decided to vote against the plans for a bathing and wellness complex on the swiss meadow .
some appear to be downright frightened , others perceive them as a &quot; crude blackmail attempt &quot; on the population , as the bi press release continues to say .
the bi thanked the donors for the color and all the helpers .
schiris rangnick ’ s shelf : mane no swalbenkönig
as satisfied as ralf rangnick is with the current high form of bundesliga table leader red bull salzburg , the sports director of the &quot; bulls &quot; was disappointed by the referees .
&quot; there is currently a dangerous tendency for mane and alan to be pushed into the category of swallow kings , &quot; he took the two offensivwirblers in protection at a press conference in salzburg on thursday .
the most recent reason for rangnick ’ s critique was yellow for mane at 3 : 0 against grödig last sunday , where the senegalese was given a supposed spectacle to be fateful – but not as they did .
&quot; a blatant misdecision , &quot; rangnick said , &quot; referee harkam called &quot; completely overstretched &quot; .
harkam would also have contributed &quot; his part &quot; to the escalation between salzburg coach roger schmidt and grödig-trainer adi hütter after the match .
he defended his german compatriot decisively : &quot; i would have behaved the same way in every single situation as mr schmidt &quot; .
schmidt himself wants no contact with his colleague after the scharmützel with his hütter .
i do not know why .
&quot; i am the one who was insulted , &quot; the 46-year-old said .
but , given the course of success , rangnick agreed to a praise .
&quot; there are only two words : &quot; really good &quot; , he noted .
there is not much to say on the matter .
the way the team plays in particular is impressive .
that is just to continue .
there will be little change of cadres during the winter transfer period .
there are no great reasons to change anything .
&quot; except for one player , rangnick explained .
supreme court reaffirms obama ’ s health bill
it is a great victory for the obama administration : the us supreme court today ruled that the health bill closely linked to barack obama is constitutional .
by five to four votes , the judges ruled that the individual mandate of the patient protection and affordable care act – forcing us citizens to sign a state ’ s health insurance or pay a penalty in accordance with the terms of the us constitution – by 2014 .
chief judge john roberts sided with the four more liberal members of the chamber , while judges scalia , thomas , alito and kennedy chose not to .
the court also confirmed the remaining sections of the 2700 pages law , and also considered that the provision of the health act that states would either extend the access conditions for medicaid , or otherwise would not extend all state funding .
the case against the law was initiated by 26 states and the national federation of independent business .
the law was decisively rejected by all leading republican presidential candidates , including the ultimate challenger mitt romney , in the 2012 pre-election campaign .
norway : norwegian town with giant mirrors of light
with huge mirrors , the inhabitants of a norwegian village have brought light into their dark valley .
due to the low level of sunshine , the rjukan in the vestfjord valley usually falls under the shadow of the surrounding mountains from autumn to spring .
with three giant reflectors at 45 meters in height , a space of the century became true on wednesday .
&quot; finally ! &quot; , mayor steinar bergsland swarmed at the start ceremony in the channel tv2 .
some talented people got sunchairs and others used sunglasses for safety .
so far , sun-hungry people have had to go to a nearby summit with a cable car in winter .
ten years ago , the local artist martin andersen presented the proposal to bring the rays with mirrors to the valley .
this idea has existed since 1913 in the town .
after several years of debate , the city council finally adopted the 500m kroner ( about 615,000 euros ) expensive project .
a similar construction has been providing the italian alpine village of viganella with winter sunshine for a few years .
post empt hardly any sunday
&quot; many citizens will not have noticed it yet , the red dots for sunday blank are still on various letterboxes of the core city and the city parts , but you can read the small print on yellow .
a request from the fdp confirmed this .
on sundays and public holidays , only in front of the post office building in ernst-ludwig-straße 36 and in the jakob-müller-straße 1 in hüttenfeld .
whether the hofheim and rosengarten areas are emptied on sunday will not be answered in the answer to the fdp ’ s request .
the fdp ’ s social and youth policy spokesman , fritz röhrenbeck , wants to make a move .
sunday emptying is an important postal service especially at terminpost .
&quot; this undertaking is being radically and unreasonable despite the price increase for letters on january 2013 . &quot;
thomas bittner , chairman of the liberal group and municipal council , supports his group colleagues : &apos; what annoys me is the fact that the emptying times are being changed or even cancelled here by stealth . &apos;
the post office is a miles away from the city .
&quot; at least the letter boxes in the neuschloß and rosengarten districts must be emptied again on sundays , &quot; says bittner and röhrenbeck unisono .
the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of nuremberg was also the place where a mailbox with sunday blanket could be reached on foot , especially not mobile citizens .
roehrenbeck asked in the city council whether the city council is planning talks with the post office on this matter .
mayor erich maier replied that the post did not communicate with lampertheim .
however , in hofheim there was also a sunday empirical event , as he knows .
your party has , of course , called for privatisation .
&quot; then decisions are taken elsewhere , &quot; said maier .
frankfurt parking fees are set to rise sharply .
parking in frankfurt could soon become more expensive .
the town ’ s magistrate this morning will discuss a presentation by stefan majer ( green ) .
the parking fees are to be increased by 50 percent .
however , the time interval between parking clocks and parking ticket machines should be reduced from 30 minutes to 20 minutes , not increased prices .
in december , the assembly of the municipal authorities will have to decide .
the retailer committee of the frankfurt chamber of commerce considers that this is a &quot; bad idea &quot; .
the location was great , close to the main shopping area and the main shopping area .
the german transport commission considers that an increase after two decades is &quot; quite appropriate and in fact long overdue &quot; .
local public transport is also becoming more expensive .
the city of joy : rapid action is overwhelming host society .
with a narrow cadre , the lords i of the tsv freudenstadt had to compete against the tg gönningen of the swabian alb in the schiller schulturnhalle in reutlingen .
the elders were on the other side of the net with an experienced team .
soon it became clear that they could not quite compete with the rapid action of the city of freuden-kulturner , even in terms of age .
the gönninger was extremely hard hit with the hard and placed surcharges .
they repeatedly missed the passes and attacks played neatly over the mains by simon schenk and eduard schulz , and were not there for block defense .
two high first rate profits clearly expressed the superiority of the freudenstädter in all matters .
in view of this crushing and playing achievement , the third set was then slightly lax and lustless to the 3 : 0 final ( 25 : 13 , 25 : 14 , 25 : 22 ) .
on november 2nd , the baiersbronn tv , which was able to achieve a clear victory in nagold , will be a much more powerful opponent .
tsv freudenstadt i : dominik büerle , yannik büchle , sebastian dölker , felix palladen , stefan räller , simon schenk .
in the b-class , the second teams from baiersbronn and freudenstadt competed in the murgtalhalle in baiersbronn .
they delivered a fiercely contested two-hour match .
nervousness on both sides caused errors and points gifts , especially in the ball acceptance ; the precision on passports was sometimes poor and in some critical game scenes the overzealous view prevented the chance .
in this very balanced meeting , the tv team from marcus blasutto voted through the great physical effort and a pleasant commitment of both teams .
day of care at the small englander hut
the fifth day of care in the succession of the natura 2000 project oberhotzenwald was attended by a group of committed participants at the small englanderhütte in ibach .
due to stimuli from the population , this day should be cut off in the area of the hut of view into the valley , said mayor helmut kaiser .
many hikers , according to kaiser , named this area the splendour of the steep slope , where the landscape provides the ideal setting for magnificent views .
he thanked those present for their willingness to cooperate and stressed that the day of care was a suitable instrument for strengthening the link between man and nature .
it offers every citizen the opportunity to set the accents in nature .
at the same time , the tourist aspect can also be taken into account in ecological terms .
this ecological aspect was explained by friederike tribukait of the department of the protection of nature of the government bureau of freiburg following the welcome by the district council of tilman bollacher , who took over .
the tourist destination of the weitblick , according to tribukait , is compatible with the aim of preserving the old allmendweidfeld with its specific protected habitat types by opening and connecting them to the existing .
certain species , such as rare butterflies and grass victims , cannot overcome barriers in the form of forest areas .
you need these free links to conservation .
tribukait said that she did not want to miss the chance to break a lance for the planned biosphere area .
the current measure is not only seamlessly integrated into this planning .
a biosphere area also offers the opportunity for sustainable economic and ecological development based on the internationally recognised unesco status and thus a continuous addition to the life project and the previous care .
after these various speeches , chief of the field , christoph wehle and life project manager cornelia bischoff , divided the helpers into groups .
the larger trees had already been beaten in advance , and the forestry trawler could be called up .
a group of helpers should take care of the unloading of juniper bushes and the maintenance of a dry stone bar .
the aim was to have a free view of the viewpoint .
löffingen : heads of the only candidate still
information on the internet : although the baar town of löffingen with its 7514 inhabitants , an intact infrastructure , a forward-looking school , children &apos;s , youth and senior citizens policy , has not yet been able to be identified .
the only candidate for the succession of mayor norbert brugger , who has been no longer a candidate for age , has so far been the 46-year-old bank businessman and businessman dieter köpfler from löffingen .
the application deadline expires on monday , november 11th , at 6 p.m.
google , samsung , huawei sued for nortel patents sued
the group , which owns thousands of previous nortel patents , made an avalanche of complaints on thursday about patent infringement against mobile phone manufacturers , including google , the company that was overtaken by the insolvency auction by him .
rockstar , the consortium that nortel patents had bought for $ 4.5 billion , sued the samsung electronics co ltd , htc corp , huawei , and the u.s. patent court .
rockstar is a joint venture of apple , microsoft , blackberry , ericsson and sony .
google is accused of patent infringement in seven cases .
patents are concerned with technology that matches search terms on the internet with relevant advertising , such as the complaint that goes to the heart of google &apos;s search engine business .
representatives of samsung , huawei , htc and rockstar were not directly reachable .
samsung , huawei and htc are making mobile phones that work with google ’ s android operating system , which is in sharp competition with apple and microsoft ’ s mobile products .
in 2011 , google issued an initial bid of more than $ 900 million for nortel patents .
google increased its offer several times and last offered us $ 4.4 billion .
after being outbid to the rockstar nortel patents , google motorola mobility acquired $ 12.5 billion , a business that was also motivated by motorola &apos;s library of patents .
“ although google failed in its attempt to purchase the patent in the auction , google has violated the patents and continues to do so , ” says the complaint .
rockstar claims a high compensation for damages from google , as it claims that google &apos;s patent infringement is deliberate , according to the accusation .
egypt ’ s first freely elected president
mohammed morsi is handing over the oath of office , but his triumph day should not mean the end of political disputes in egypt .
islamist mohammed morsi promised a “ new egypt , ” when he was sworn as the country ’ s first freely elected president , and thus the succession of husni mubarak took place 16 months earlier .
by taking office in the supreme constitutional court , morsi became the first freely elected islamist president of the arab world , and egypt ’ s fifth head of state since the fall of the monarchy around 60 years ago .
he laid the oath before the 18 judges of the court , dressed in black robes , who is based on the nile and who is inspired by an ancient egyptian temple .
“ we are striving for a better future , a new egypt and a second republic , ” said morsi during the solemn ceremony broadcast live on state television .
“ today , the egyptian people have laid the foundation for a new life – absolute freedom , true democracy and stability , ” said the 60-year-old morsi , a fundamentally trained engineer and a member of the muslim brotherhood .
hundreds of soldiers and police guarded the building when morsi arrived in a small car convoy shortly after 11 o ’ clock in the town .
the first of the three was the first to be reunited by the new president , and the second was the mubarak president , who had the power to stop the city from the streets .
as the uncharismatic “ spare wheel ” of the brotherhood mocked his personal prestige since his victory and a friday speech , in which he wanted to bring himself not only as a candidate of the islamists , but all .
“ egypt is now a civilian , national , constitutional , and modern state , ” the morsi , dressed in a blue suit with a red tie , declared the judges in the wood-panelled chamber .
later morsi drove to cairo university where he was to make his inaugural speech .
he was officially welcomed by an army band that played the national anthem , who he listened to in habachtstellung .
the military leader , feldmarschall hussein tantawi , was present .
on his arrival , he was welcomed by hundreds of people present in the university ’ s largest auditorium with voice choirs from “ the army and the people are a hand . ”
the university of cairo , built in 1908 as a bastion of secular education , became a stronghold of islamist student groups in the 1970s .
morsi , on friday , put a symbolic oath on tahir square , the birthplace of the insurgency that led to the end of mubarak ’ s authoritarian rule , and he vowed to resume .
but by putting the official eggs before the court , rather than as usual before parliament , he is behaving in the hands of the military , which indicates that the power struggle will continue .
morsi ’ s speech at tahir square was full of dramatic populist gestures .
falkenberger disthek is taking care of two great evenings .
the new season at the falkenberger disco &quot; blue velvet &quot; has begun .
today friday evening we are called &quot; pump this party &quot; , tomorrow saturday evening we will continue with a ü 25 party .
the organisers of course promise fat beats and cool sounds on both days .
workers crashed by leaders : seriously wounded
when a defective outer sensator was replaced on thursday , a 51-year-old worker in eggelsberg fell from a leader and injured himself badly .
the lamprechtshausen man wanted to change a defective heating sensor at the outside facade of an inn .
when he climbed to the ladder , the man slipped down and crashed on the concrete floor .
he suffered serious injuries and was brought to the landeskrankenhaus salzburg with the rescue helicopter &quot; christophorus 6 &quot; .
rapes in south africa : two lifelong imprisonment
nine months after the brutal rape and mutilation of a 17-year-old girl in south africa , the perpetrator was sentenced to two life-long terms on friday .
this was reported by the channel sabc .
the victim was later killed as a result of serious injuries .
johannes kana was found guilty at the beginning of the crime week .
the act had caused horror nationally .
the then 21-year-old had raped anene booysen in february in an industrial estate in bredasdorp near cape town .
the doctors fought for the survival of the victim for 14 hours , but in vain .
the sight of the young people was so horrifying that the nurses and sisters needed psychological support .
kana admitted during the trial that he had been in a bar with booyses on the tatnacht .
he also admitted that he beaten and raped them , but denied being responsible for the death of the girl .
the police initially had a number of offenders , but released two suspects from prison because the evidence against them was not sufficient .
the prosecutor also stressed during the trial that she was convinced that kana was alone at the time of the attack .
rape is already almost a daily occurrence in south africa : approximately 64 000 reports of sexual violence are published annually .
this is almost ten times the population of germany , but with 82 million people , it has a much larger population than south africa ( 50 million ) .
police and women &apos;s associations in south africa estimate the number of cases of sexual violence to be 10-25 times .
jumbo visits schinken ’ s black forest .
jumbo , searching for the &quot; best ham in the world &quot; : for the tv show &quot; galileo &quot; visited the pro7-star bonndorf .
the speaker makes it clear right from the beginning : the most important thing for the ham is the pork cups , turbomast is not a good prerequisite .
can ham that is given in every supermarket be a quality product ?
uli , as head of the large schinkenfabrik in the black forest , explains jumbo the way in which the company &quot; adler &quot; works in bonndorf .
&quot; germany &apos;s favourite ham &quot; , as jumbo announces the black forest ham .
only with hair protection and kittel can he enter the factory .
jumbo also has to disinfect his hands before he can reach the micro .
jumbo to strengthen at snack bite in waldshut sighted
&quot; here i am being worked in a barren amount , &quot; tv makers marvel at the schinzwald ham as a mass product .
16,000 cubic cuffs per week speak for themselves .
weight , fat content , colour : uli explains what quality matters .
most pigs are slaughtered at six months .
television with a level ?
details such as the ph value of the meat also play a role .
the darker the meat , the higher the ph value .
&quot; i &apos;m curious if you measure roberto blanco what happens then &quot; , says jumbo cynical .
here the level of private television is presented in pure culture .
but watching it is worth watching anyway .
the spectator sees that the disassembling of the cuddly remains manual .
because black forest ham is traditionally found on the shelf without bones .
the secret of ham is the spice mixture with salt .
smoke tower and smoke fire remind jumbo optically of a &quot; submarine &quot; .
the trick : fir branches here in smoke provide the special taste of black forest ham .
20 days in the smoke make the ham finally almost black .
&quot; now the disc disappears in jumbo , &quot; he announces the test feeding .
&quot; the one who really is delicious &quot; , says the conclusion of the tv star .
that will enable all parties involved to live with it .
you thought travel agencies were a thing of the past thanks to the internet ?
flight centre seems to be resisting the trend .
the company has increased its profit prospects for the full year and expects record revenues from holidaymakers in australia and the uk .
the travel company now estimates that it will pay an adjusted pre-tax annual profit of between $ 325 and $ 340 million , compared to $ 305-315 million in its earlier forecast .
if current targets are met , this will mean 12 to 17 % growth compared to the record $ 290.4 million in 2011-12 .
as managing director graham turner announced , flight centre achieved eight percent profit in the first half of the year and made a strong start in the second half of the year , especially in australian and british private businesses .
“ since the beginning of the year , our ten countries have been profitable , and some of them are well on the way to record annual revenues before interest and taxes , ” he said .
this includes australia and britain , which are typically among our strongest earners .
in australia , the leisure industry recovered in the second half of the year , which offset a slightly weaker market for business travel .
similarly , the leisure business of flight centre in the uk was doing a similar job , while business customers were spending less here too .
the us business recovered from the seasonal weaker first half , so a profit for the third consecutive year is expected .
yesterday flight centre &apos;s shares rose by 3 cents to $ 38.20 .
schools are being encouraged to focus more on mathematics , spelling , and grammar .
in future , students will have to study at least one piece of shakespeare , a novel of the 19th century , romantic lyrics and contemporary british novels from 1914 .
the exam also includes “ unseen texts ” to encourage wider reading .
the combined course of english literature and language will be abolished .
from 2015 , students will have to take an independent gcse language test , with strong incentives to choose english literature as a separate qualification .
the ministry of education will publish tomorrow the new curriculum for english and mathematics – the first subjects that have been radically redesigned .
other core issues will be changed next year .
in a separate initiative , ofqual , the audit authority , will announce a reorganisation of the gcse structures , including a new bending system and less course work .
in a summer speech , education minister michael gove said that there is a “ broad consensus that we need to reform our testing system to restore public confidence , ” emphasizing that the gcses would be more ambitious . ”
studies show that english schools spend less time on mathematics – 116 hours a year or three hours a week per school year – than most other countries do .
australia &apos;s schools , on average , teach 143 hours a year , and singapore students receive 138 hours .
while there will be no formal requirement to allow more time for mathematics in the timetable , coalition circles are likely to encourage comprehensive math testing , combined with a greater ranking of the subject .
the curriculum focuses more on “ problems from the right life ” , including financial mathematics .
beautiful animals and delicious cakes are tempting you .
the most beautiful rabbits and colour blows will be presented at the kulturverband fairs this weekend in the bürgerhaus .
the assessments were carried out on thursday .
once again , the local association w514 is hosting this great exhibition .
breeders of the clubs in the soest county show their best animals as well as young cowboys hobby keepers .
on thursday six judges made the assessment of the many rabbits and distinguished outstanding animals .
visitors to the show are well informed , as the assessment of all animals is appropriate in the cages .
the official opening of the exhibition is on saturday at 2.30 p.m.
the rabbit show is open to all visitors from 10 a.m. on saturday and from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. on sunday , with the award ceremony followed .
guests are also invited to a rated raffle and a tasty cafeteria .
pamela anderson separates herself from her legendary blondes and is shooting with a new bubic head for the first time .
pamelas blonde locks have been famous since their role in the television series baywatch .
pamela anderson is the newest star shocked by his fans with a new haircut .
the former baywatch beauty has separated itself from its long blondes in favour of a platinum shorthair cut .
the 46-year-old actress presented her latest look on wednesday in los angeles and also made a snapshot on her twitter page .
it is the first time in 20 years that the blonde sex symbol has short hair , and we love the mortal change .
what do you think of pammy &apos;s hair ?
tell us your opinion below in the comments .
salem : johanna rahner at the ecumenical forum of talks
the next ecumenical discussion forum on monday 21 october in the new museum of the castle is about &quot; hell with hell - theological considerations about how to deal with the last things today &quot; .
professor johanna rahner is a trainee .
the ecumenical forum of conversation is an initiative of the catholic and protestant church communities of salem , the salem castle and the kulturamtes bodenseekreis .
johanna rahner wants to look into the forum of how people today classify the &quot; last things &quot; after death .
if people had known too much of this over the past centuries , and put it on those images of heaven and hell that have shaped our notions to this day , the contemporary prophetic teachings are more likely to characterize .
&quot; the greatest hope has been greatly exterminated by christians in their critique of religion , &quot; says the speaker .
she &apos; supplied us with so many question marks that we seem to have lost the exclamation marks &apos; .
johanna rahner continues to say , &quot; but the crucial challenge remains the anger of death &quot; .
linked to this is the question of the longing for &apos; dream of everything being good in the end &apos; .
johanna rahner , born in 1962 in baden-baden , studied catholic theology and biology at the albert-ludwigs-universität freiburg from 1982 to 1989 .
she received her doctorate in 1997 as dr. theol . , also in freiburg .
the habilitation of fundamentaltheology and ecumenical theology followed in 2003 at the westfälische wilhelms university .
since 2010 johanna rahner has held a chair for systematic theology at the institute of catholic theology at the university of kassel .
geislingen : more than 100 young catholics from the kleine heuberg confirm their faith in the company ’ s declaration of faith .
in two services , 101 15-year-old and 16-year-old youths of the seafaring unit were appointed on the kleine heuberg .
the service was accompanied in the morning by the group laudato-si , the youth choir the spirit .
by receiving the firmsacrament , the young people said yes to their baptism and asked for the power of the holy spirit .
the firmlings had prepared for the great feast in the last months , under the direction of diakon reiner strehner and with the help of numerous community members .
in various projects they met different tasks of christian community life and experienced the youth day in untermachal together .
illmensee : second mountain bike race enthusiasts
in fine weather 214 cyclists came to illmensee to complete the round trip across the hills around the lake .
ulrich knobel , the organizing sports club of illmensee , will be informed about this .
among the participants were many cyclists , especially on the short distance of 15 km and 300 meters of altitude , who wanted to practise their hobby once in a competitive atmosphere .
two top german junior drivers were also on the start in this competition : felix bader from bad waldsee and pascal treubel from aach-linz won the championship with the german national championship .
these two were able to move from the field as expected .
as in the previous year , felix bader could save a small advance into the finish line and defended his title as the overall winner of the short distance .
pascal treubel was once again in second place .
the ladies were theresa duelli from the team nightmare , who made it up to the top of the winning staircase .
anne adel from illmensee and leonie drivers from owingen came in second and third place .
a pleasing development is the increasing number of drivers who live or work in the municipality .
it was not only in terms of performance that the whole range of athletes was represented .
the age structure was also used by the oldest starters , from ten years of the youngest to over 70 years .
in the main race this year , even more absolute top athletes were starting .
four drivers were able to resign from the regional champions .
among them philipp pangerl , a mountain bike semi-pro from the black tusk-racing team .
pangerl and a team member have already been world champion two times in the twelve-hour race .
this year he became the european champion in this special discipline .
roland ballerstedt , who already owns two german champions in the duathlon , also played this role .
after 45 kilometres and 900 metres of altitude , a wimmersion hit final was reached in the finish runner in front of the three-lakes hall .
pangerl was the first to cross the finish line .
the routine ballerstedt secured second place in the overall rating only one second behind it .
at the same time hermann and warthmann came to the finish as the third of the overall rating .
in the women &apos;s evaluation , christiane cohsmann was the fastest time in the main race .
the second place was secured by areane blersch from binzengen in front of natascha werner from stuttgart .
athletes and helpers were very satisfied with the smooth and well organised process of the event .
travelling through mud , rivers , and jungle for free medical care
dr. georges bwelle brings free medical assistance to remote villages in cameroon .
bwelle and his team spend nearly every weekend treating hundreds of patients .
there are not many doctors in west africa , only one for 5,000 people .
vote here or with your mobile device
dr. georges bwelle is one of the top 10 of the “ cnn heroes of 2013 ” .
you can vote for him or any of the other heroes in the top 10 to vote for the “ cnn hero of the year ” .
the winner will receive $ 250,000 to continue his exceptional work .
for 21 years , georges bwelle watched his sick father lose consciousness and travel to hospitals that did not have the means to help him .
jamef bwelle was injured in 1981 in a car accident near yaoundé , the capital cameroon .
at first , he had only a broken arm , but then an inflammation that spread to his brain and caused a hematom there that was supposed to affect him for the rest of his life .
“ there were no neurosurgeons in cameroon , ” says georges bwelle .
we would have taken it out of cameroon had it been .
instead , bwelle spent years escorting his father in overcrowded clinics and hospitals to get the treatment they had to offer .
“ it is not easy ” , comments bwelle .
you can leave the house at five in the morning and race to the hospital to be the first , and you are not the first .
there are a great many patients .
some people are even dying because they have to wait .
the situation has hardly changed since bwelle &apos;s father died in 2002 .
cameroon has only one doctor for every 5,000 people , according to the world health organization .
in contrast , the relationship in the united states is with a doctor for 413 people .
but even if there were a doctor for them , most cameroons could not afford to visit .
two out of five people live below the poverty line and nearly three-quarters of health spending in the country is private .
“ the only problem they have is poverty , ” says bwelle .
and poverty makes it impossible to enjoy life .
his father and so many of his compatriots suffered , and bwelle decided to do something about it .
last year , dr. georges bwelle and his volunteer team carried out 700 free operations .
he became a doctor himself and worked as a vascular surgeon at the central hospital in yaoundé .
he also established a non-profit organization called ascovime , which travels to rural areas at weekends and offers free medical care .
since 2008 , he and his volunteer group have helped almost 32,000 people .
almost every friday he and up to 30 people coach and drive with the wrapped medical equipment on the roof over unpaved terrain to the villages that need help .
not always everything goes smoothly .
more than once they had to push the vehicles through rivers and mud .
but when you arrive , you will be welcomed like heroes : a festive meal , song and dance , and the best accommodation the place has to offer .
in these villages , free medical care is really a reason to celebrate and bwave – with its wide smile and limitless energy – is happy to attend the cheerful celebration .
the next morning the team will start examining hundreds of patients .
“ we treat 500 people per journey ” , says bwelle .
you will come from a radius of 60 kilometres around the village – and on foot .
each of these weekend clinics offers medical care in a number of areas .
many people are treated for malaria , tuberculosis , malnutrition , diabetes , parasites and sexually transmitted diseases .
others receive crutches , donated glasses , or free birth certificates – a document that is needed for school , but many poor families simply cannot afford .
in the evening , the team carries out simple operations with local anaesthesia .
operations are usually conducted in a school , town hall or apartment ; after the procedure , the patients stand up and go to the recreation area to make room for the next .
the lighting for the op and disinfection equipment is fed by the generator of the group , so bwelle and its volunteers work until the early hours of the morning on sunday .
it &apos;s a tiring pensum , but the village musicians usually help to keep the team motivated .
“ they drummer all night long to remain awake and continue our work , ” says bwelle .
on sunday the team then goes back to the city , tired but proud of the work done .
the group – a mixture of cameroon doctors and foreign medical students – carried out 700 free operations last year and knows that its work makes a huge difference for the people it helps .
a man explained that the free operation of a broken line that he received now allows him to work again .
“ this is changing the future of my family , ” said the man .
besides the weekend clinics and his surgeon in hospital bwelle also works at night in private clinics in yaoundé .
with this second job he finances 60 % of his charitable activities , according to bwelle ; the rest comes from private donations .
“ i really do not know when he sleeps , ” says katie o &apos;malley , who studied at drexel university in philadelphia medicine in the second year and works voluntarily in bwelle ’ s group .
he is always either in hospital or trying to raise money for the organization so that he can go to these campaigns .
for medical and nursing students like o &apos;malley , who come from the us and europe support bwave , this is a chance to gain practical experience that they would never get at home .
“ we can be there in operations where we help to remove blood or keep the instruments for dr. bwelle , ” explains o &apos;malley .
this would never be possible in america as a medical student in the second year .
students usually pay for their trip to cameroon themselves and bring frequently donated sanitation material .
once you are in yaoundé , bwelle will take care of the accommodation , the transport and the instructions .
“ he is undoubtedly a hero , ” says o &apos;malley .
he dedicates his life to this organisation and his desire to help the cameroon people knows no bounds .
the almost constant work is not a burden on bwelle .
helping others to live happier and thereby fulfilling a promise he made to his father gives him great pleasure .
“ i am so happy when i do this work , ” bwelle says .
and i remember my father .
i hope he sees what i am doing .
i do it to bring people back to laughter and to relieve the pain .
visit the ascovime website and learn how to help .
excellently mastered the struggle
the role of santiago , the old man in hemingway &apos;s novelle &quot; the old man and the sea &quot; , is cut to the body of horst janson .
janson was a former phaser in the star trek : the next generation episode &quot; the same year &quot; .
the old man santiago cannot be fooled by fishing .
so the two simply complement each other excellently .
it is almost thought that the folds can be seen in the neck of the old man , which the fisherman &apos;s boy manolo speaks of .
when santiago is tired of life sitting on the chair , janson is real .
the old fisherman &apos;s role is also a character that janson excellently manages .
hemingway told the story of a fighter , a courageous man who does not give up and ultimately wins the battle against the fish through his knowledge and his will .
janson was the only actor on stage in the long run .
he manages to focus the attention of the audience so that his monologues are not boring for a moment .
his efforts to finally pull the fish to the surface of the water are so genuine that the viewers forget that the sea consists only of blue lit water bottles .
director jens hasselmann will let the old man act in the boat in front of the fishing village .
during the performance he puts the scene into light : the hut of santiago , the bar of singer marie-luise gunst , who with her songs and her magnificent voice bass delight the soul .
the four musicians play cuban rhythms and are also guests of the bar .
tourism : descent to the romans
the city of cologne has a sewage channel from the roman period , which is about 120 metres long .
if you visit cologne , you will not be passing the cathedral .
the two towers rise to the sky about 157 metres and make it the second highest church building in europe .
but few visitors who admire the two filigree church towers can imagine that there is a lot to discover under the cathedral .
rainer schulze is an expert in the field of cologne underworld .
meeting point for his guided tours is the service center of köln-tourismus directly at the dom .
the tour starts quite unspectacular : &quot; we start in the underground garage &quot; , says schulze .
in the seventies the city fathers wanted an autojust city , and that is why the remains of the old city wall remained only those things that were not too big .
most users of the car park are therefore passing the roman remains and only leaving their cars .
but if you look closer , you will discover an archaeological site separated by metal grids in the d2 park deck .
the ruins of stone , which are about five metres high , are made of hand-plated stones .
&quot; it is the remains of the roman city wall built in the second half of the first century after christ , &quot; says schulze .
before it comes back to light again , schulze gives participants at the upper level a look into a sinister , 15 meters deep shaft .
this is the well of the old cathedral , which unfortunately is hardly noticed either .
the next stop of the tour is the pretorium , where participants descend again into the depths .
we are witnessing the seat of the once most powerful man north of the alps , the ccaa ’ s priest .
what ccaa means is to ask a visitor .
&quot; the abbreviation stands for &quot; colonia claudia ara agrippinensium &quot; , which means in german as &quot; city of roman right and city of the agrippinenser &quot; .
and the pratorium is the former palace of state , the centre of power of the roman empire on the rhine .
from the entrance to the exhibition there is a tunnel access to the roman sewage channel , which is preserved here to about 120 meters in length .
&quot; you can go for a walk along the so called cloaca maxima if you want , &quot; schulze invites the guests .
schulze still has a surprise .
after getting the key at the ticket office , he takes the group to a 16-metre deep , walkable shaft .
&quot; we are now in the mikwe , a ritual jewish bath , &quot; he explains .
the jewish community built its bath deep into the ground to come to the groundwater , which was essential for ritual washing .
to this day , the lower end of the mikwe , whose origins date back to the eighth century , can be seen from different water levels through changing levels of the rhine .
mikwe will be part of an archaeological area on the town hall square , for which construction will begin shortly .
but a few years will pass before the final stage is completed .
leg almost hacked : recirculation of rocker process
a bloody attack in the rocker milieu is rerolled after more than four years .
a trial for attempted death , dangerous bodily injury , and damage to property against two thirty years has begun in the district court of frankfurt ( oder ) .
it is accompanied by strict security measures .
the defendants remained silent to the day of the act .
they were supposed to have been active in the rocker scene and at that time were among the bandins .
the prosecutor accuses you of having , in june 2009 , sounded three men in a car , in conjunction with unknown accomplices in finowfurt .
all victims were seriously injured , a man almost lost his leg .
the victims are said to have been part of the competing group of hells angels .
one is said to have been a high-level member from berlin .
it seems that this was preceded by a multi-car persecution hunt .
the indictment was about a battle of the area and a demonstration of power .
the two accused had been acquitted in a first trial at the beginning of 2012 .
a court spokesman said at the time that it was not possible to prove that men were actually involved in the bloody feud .
the perpetrators had worn masks and had not been recognized .
the federal court of justice suspended the ruling after reviewing the prosecutor &apos;s office and resubmitted it to the court for re-trial .
one of the defendants is currently in open execution because of another offence .
the first step was to reconstruct the processes at night .
the commissioner who was then appointed to testify was invited .
the centre was on mobile phone calls from the defendants and other people who had intercepted the police .
rocker is almost always in court , not in statements , following a law which they see as being .
this also applies to the victims .
in the first process , only one of the victims had unpacked .
prosecutor stefan golfier of the public prosecutor &apos;s office in frankfurt ( oder ) said at the request that new traces have appeared since the last procedure .
eleven more days of negotiation are scheduled for the process .
the dispossessed society does not think
the night was long , the music was loud and the mood was good , but eventually it goes home .
the only thing is that hunger is noticeable in the belly of the people on the front-passenger and rear seats .
of course , some cocktails or sparkling wine may be responsible for this !
what is more , than chill off to drive to the next drive-in to allow yourself a little bit of a bit of a bit of a bit ?
i admit i am happy to be part of it when it comes to getting fastfood late night or early morning .
a few pommes , a cola , a burger - and then nix like back home and into bed !
but on the way home , the obvious differences between me and other hungry disco goers are noticeable .
because what is it that you have to miss to keep your fastfood bags out of the car window with constant regularity ?
the paper bags that have been thrown away are located on the streets and in the parking lots , especially at weekends .
&apos;why ? &apos; i wonder .
are people at doof to take the bags home or the next refuse bin ?
it is not just that the paper production is scaffolding the landscape .
bags have also covered up traffic facilities such as traffic control panels , causing accidents .
what does the &quot; disposable society &quot; think about , but not after , she probably does not even know what this word actually means .
if you travel more often in the evening , especially with several people in the car , you know what a rear seat can look like after a busy night : clothes , bottles and other garbage are towering .
there would be a few bags , more or less , that would not make up any of the bags - unlike the street , where no one wants to trample on the leftovers of other food .
i see the day when the cities and municipalities are being blown into the weaving room - and the fastfood chains have to ask for deposit for their bags .
obama ’ s backing down in health policy
yesterday , after intense criticism , president obama gave a retreat to his oft-repeated , unequivocal promise : “ if they like their health insurance , they can keep it . ”
after hundreds of thousands of their insurers received a letter of dismissal , republicans in recent days accused the president of misleading the american public .
yesterday , obama relatified his original promise .
“ the vast majority of citizens who have a working health insurance can keep it , ” he said in a speech in boston .
in response to the numerous media reports on the dismissal , obama called on the americans who received such communications to look for a new insurance in the free market .
most citizens could thus receive better , more comprehensive health insurance at the same price or less than forecast .
“ you are getting a better offer , ” he said .
the government was unsurprisingly saying that the five percent of the population that had insurance themselves would have to look for a different tariff , because their contract does not meet the new standards according to the affordable care act .
“ i would like to say to these americans directly : they deserve better , ” said sebelius during a hearing before the house of representatives ’ energy and trade committee in washington .
sebelius , who is responsible for implementing the affordable care act , explained that the launch of the online platform has been “ miserable ” since october .
“ i am as frustrated and angry as anyone else , ” she said .
i am determined to regain your confidence .
the idea of an upset sebelius being a consultant behind her at yesterday &apos;s hearing in the house of representatives was made to join the republican member billy obong from missouri after a dispute with her .
after more than three hours of hearing , long sebelius repeatedly pressed the question why the “ architect ” of the afforable care act did not voluntarily relinquish a government-sponsored insurance company .
government in jerusalem does not confirm attack on syrian air base
an american government official who wanted to remain anonymous said on thursday to the american news station cnn that israeli fighter planes had attacked an air force base in the syrian lab a day before .
the objective was &apos; missiles and associated equipment &apos; , which the israeli government feared were intended for lebanese hezbollah , according to cnn .
syrian and lebanese media , as well as the arab al-arabiya station , had previously reported that the base in the port city of latakia was blamed on thursday the night of wednesday to thursday .
the israeli channel 2 television channel showed satellite images of the base in latakia , where russian s-125 newa defense missiles can see a range of 70 kilometres , and a sa-3 battery can be used for missiles .
unsure the government in jerusalem has not officially confirmed the attack .
however , the news agency reuters quotes an equally anonymous israeli government official , saying that he believes that israel has carried out the attack , but is not certain .
one spokesman from the israeli ministry of defence said , in any case , &apos; we are not commenting on these reports &apos; .
the journalist ron ben-yishai emphasised in the daily newspaper yedioth ahronoth that the syrian regime has tried , sometimes successfully , to supply boden-air rockets to boden-heath .
the israeli government had repeatedly warned that any attempt by syria to supply hezbollah with chemical or other dangerous weapons would be accompanied by a &apos; red line &apos; followed by a military response .
john kerry says in an unprecedented admission that us espionage has “ gone unreasonably far ”
john kerry , with an unexpected confession , suggested a softening of the us defensive stance on its surveillance programs by saying that the espionage was far too “ inappropriate in certain cases . ”
the foreign minister also admitted that he , together with barack obama , was responsible for “ autopilot ” being publicly exposed when the explosive revelations of whistleblower ’ s edward nbullet .
the leaked information has plunged the us government into a diplomatic storm of indignation on the part of its allies .
in a video conversation at the london open government conference , kerry said : “ the president and i and others in the government have learned of some things that existed almost in the autopilot world war ii , of course .
he then became the first senior member of the us administration to admit that the us spying crossed a border , but also stressed that no rights had been abused .
he said , ‘ in some cases , this has gone unreasonably far ’ .
the president is determined to clarify matters and is therefore conducting a thorough investigation so that no one has to feel that abuse is taking place here .
i assure you that the rights of innocent people in this process will not be affected .
kerry insisted , however , that the nsa was a force of good and that many lives had been saved by its surveillance operations .
he added : “ we are dealing with a new world in which people are prepared to blow themselves into the air . ”
there is a radical extremism in the world that is obsessed with killing people , blowing into the air and attacking governments .
so what if you were able to intercept and stop it before it happens ?
we have actually prevented aircraft crashes , buildings and people being murdered because we have seen plans of this kind beforehand .
meanwhile , us legislators will travel to europe to dispel concerns about america ’ s alleged espionage and convince europeans of the need to continue working with the us for the anti-terrorism efforts on thursday , such as the us committee .
senator chris murphy from connecticut said that he had spoken to representatives of the european parliament and other people this week and was concerned about their threats to refrain from participating in national security surveillance because of the frustration .
“ it is very important for us national security interests that europeans stay on board in the context of our joint efforts against terrorism , ” said murphy , who is a democrat in the senate for the first time as chairman of the foreign affairs committee .
i am also going to europe to make it clear that we must continue to cooperate in the fight against terrorism , regardless of your anger with the nsa programmes .
media reports that the nsa has collected millions of telephone data in europe have strained relations with some us allies , although the secret service leader this week said that the reports were misunderstood and based on nazi alliances .
other revelations quoted from snowden documents that the nsa had monitored the mobile phone from chancellor angela merkel and up to 34 other heads of state worldwide .
the leader of the national intelligence services , james clapper , defended the espionage of allies as necessary , saying that this is common practice on both sides .
in all this , murphy said that his authority was preparing the congress to take place this year and hoped that the delegation would include members from both parties and chambers .
the names of the other participating members will be published in the coming days .
he said that the exact route is still being worked out .
while murphy stressed that the purpose of the journey was to improve relations , he also said that there would be some “ serious words . ”
he said that european governments should be honest with their people about the kind of spy programmes they have been using for years .
“ while we can change our surveillance programs to better protect europeans ’ rights , they must also accept the fact that we are not the only ones that spy , ” murphy says .
meanwhile , john kerry is on a weekend trip to the middle east and poland to address the resentment over the us strategy in syria , egypt , and iran , as well as the us surveillance activities .
a persistent violation of the leg threatens to prevent nicolai müller from playing in the federal league external action game of fsv mainz 05 at the augsburg fc .
mainz bnagt um einen einsatz von nicolai müller .
tomorrow he will try to train with the team .
up until now he could only do this individually .
&quot; we will decide on his mission in the short term , &quot; said trainer thomas tuchel .
the 40-year-old hopes to have his best five-person shooter with him .
the mainz have to give up the injured service providers niki zimling , julian baumgartlinger and niko bungert .
australian appeals against prison in thailand
a 21-year-old sydney woman , who was sentenced to 15 days in prison in phuket for falsely claiming to have been raped by a taxi driver , was released and bail was released .
stevie rochelle bamford was initially found guilty of a provincial court in phuket on june 15 , after saying that he had given the thai police a formal sentence on june 10 .
later , however , the pictures of a video camera showed that she had safely entered her hotel after being separated from her australian friend .
the police in phuket interrogated bamford for two days until they had confessed to have conceived the story .
she was in police custody on the spot until the trial .
bamford was sentenced to 15 days &apos; imprisonment in a low security prison on the edge of phuket , rather than in a prison for adult women .
she is the daughter of peter tunks , a former australian rubgy-league player who has been appealing to the ministry of foreign affairs in canberra for help with his daughter .
tunks told sydney on sunday telegraph that the whole family was “ extremely concerned ” about his daughter ’ s welfare and wanted to have her back in australia .
“ we are naturally very concerned , but we hope that she will be back home as soon as possible , ” said tunks .
bamford appealed against the verdict and is free to baht a baht deposit of 50,000 .
australia reports have reported that she is on holiday in the resort of krabi in southern thailand .
the court said that bamford was represented by a local lawyer in phuket and that he had been warned that the appeal could also lead to a higher sentence of up to two years in prison .
but thailand may also seek to improve its undisturbed tourist image after the recent assassination of the carnival michelle smith in phuket .
