the case of the two wagaseda - diamond - diamond - diarrhea - a - diary computer which was found to be connected to the investigation .
london , june 6 , 2007
the daily telegraph of london pointed out that two diana - a - diana - based faulty - two - wheel - based faults were put on the computer in the office of the former metropolitan police chief .
the report said that the theft caused suspicions and the computer could have hidden a " big metropolis " from the former metropolitan police chief jazz sir st.
however , a metropolis police spokesman said that the computer did not have any sensitive information .
sir st. st. j. is the first senior officer of the northwestern police station in the united kingdom , and his office is located in the new castle of tai ho .
the report said that the northwestern police force had been working in the past 10 days to investigate two theft cases .
a case of a drug abuse case occurred during the weekends from january 28 to 29 .
the northwestern police also said there was no evidence showing the two theft cases and the jazz jazz 's work .
steven stool has been chasing the death of princess wangas because he was not directly responsible for the car accident .
the royal autopsy officer , mr bergis , ordered in 2004 to continue to investigate the relevant evidence .
princess diana was born in a paris tunnel on august 31 , 1997 . when she was in a hurry with her , she was also killed by her esteem and driver .
after two years of investigation , the french police believed that the driver was fined $ 10,000 at the scene for driving and using drugs , resulting in the loss of control of the car .
the two sides agreed to hold talks in geneva in late february
afp , lun lugon , 7 th .
the norwegian government , which is the first country to stop the peace process in switzerland , said that the sri lankan war organization agreed to hold talks in geneva on the 22nd of this month to resolve the conflicts of racial bloody clashes that had lasted for several decades .
norwegian peace envoy sukh mohem said in a meeting with the tigers ' representatives of the tigers liberation organization of tamil elan in london that breakthrough was made .
the norwegian embassy in beijing said in a statement that the conflict between sri lanka and sri lanka was the result of the conflict between the sri lankan government and the tigers of tamil liberia , requesting the norwegian government to assist in holding negotiations in geneva on 22 february 22 .
the two - day talks will focus on how to strengthen the cease - fire agreement that took effect on 23 february 2002 , and this agreement has never been fully abided by by by the two sides .
the norwegian embassy said that the two sides will discuss how to improve the implementation of the cease - fire agreement , which is also the first time the two sides have held face - to - face talks at such a high level in the past three years .
solham said he will lead the norwegian team to participate in the negotiations , and the tigers of the liberation tigers liberation of tanzania will lead the team from balzer , while the sri lankan government will lead the army by the minister of health .
he said that this is a road leading to peace , but it is important to take a step forward . the process of negotiations is expected to be hard pressed .
the first round - face talks on the settlement of the racial conflict in sri lanka was held in japan in march 2003 , but the liberation of tamil elan was abolished .
the north - south korea delegation to join hands in opening the winter olympics
afp , tidulin , 10 th .
the 20 th winter olympics was held in dulin today . during the cold war , south korea and north korea , each enemy of the enemy , and the two teams joined hands in the ceremony .
south korean women 's skating competitor lee po - la and north korean men 's peanut skiing competitor han zhengjen were respectively the head of the two countries ' representative team , leading south korea 's north korea team to enter the winter olympic games stadium .
this is the first time that the south korea and north korea 's olympic representative team will join hands in the winter olympics .
in order to reflect the good relationship between the two sides in recent years , the sydney olympic games will be more closely linked with the olympic games in athens , 2004 , when the olympic games are held in sydney .
north korea did not participate in the first round of talks on the 19 th winter olympic games held in the us city of salt .
the korean peninsula was divided into south korea and communism , which were practicing capitalism in 1948 . both sides had reached agreement on the korean war between 1950 and 1953 .
south korea 's leader in 2000 held a peace summit , and bilateral relations became good .
the greek team is the first country to participate in the competition , and the team has been playing a leading role in the 22 nd carolina north , the 23 rd country in the country .
the landlord , the national flag , is the last country to enter the world trade organization . when the italian team entered the arena , the sports ground immediately started a warm cheers and applause .
hefman once had a good chance of getting a good start in the performing arts
new york , april 16 , 2007
it is generally acknowledged that it is most hopeful to win this year 's oscar film emperor , and the movie is like a thick - bleak - shaped boy , the main player of the bloom , and revealed that he had been lying in the drug and wine when he was less than a year .
in an interview with cbs news magazine , hefman said that he was very happy to see that during that period , he had been able to get drugs and liquor .
at that time , he just left 20 , and just graduated from the drama department of new york university , entered a five - coloured society , and daily life walking was all rapidly rotating , and finally he was transferred to his head and was lost control .
he entered the keller 's knife when he was 22 years old , and drunk the habit of drinking and drugs , and that was the most panic period in his life .
the upcoming oscar summit will be held next month , and hefman will explain the role of american writer kozy 's role as the drown - - the cold blood bleak , and was considered the most hopeful thing to get the best male princess prize .
before that , his excellent performance skills had been confirmed , and many awards had been given to the award , including a gold balloting prize winner .
the 38 - year - old actor said in his interview that if he had not been determined to change the bad habit before his name , he could not get the support of oscar .
he said he envaged those who were at the age of 19 and suddenly became famous and dancing performers .
the four - day - old european nose and lithuania people are in panic
brussels , april 16 , 2007
the virus has been found in europe , causing anxiety .
eu executive committee approves new regulation of buffet , which makes it difficult to implement the regional management of the virus countries and forbible the delivery of all birds and birds .
the african nymex and the arson virus were found in the country 's most influential countries , with the spread of the disease to more farms , indicating that the virus has crossed the country 's northern border into nigi .
egyptian officials are investigating a chicken farm in the south where a chicken farm suddenly killed and worried that the virus could be spread continuously .
the chicken market in europe has been affected by the virus , and the drain has been greatly reduced . the eu executive committee stressed that there is no reason whatsoever to panic .
the executive committee is responsible for the health and food safety executive committee , mr jack prueher , said that people are concerned about this matter , but they do not need to react too .
the virus detected in the previous regulations on the area of the three - kilometer protection area and 10 - km warning zone , the eu executive committee has again issued new regulations to place the entire european region where the virus is found to be in the buffer zone .
a eu official who declined to be named pointed out that everyone is already in a state of tension and they have been handling the problem of the european union 's spread from all over europe from one day to night .
so far , there are a total of 170 people in austria , including the german side , the german side , the german side , the italian side , and russia 's presence in europe .
romania found the 31 st case on 16 april , and the milezonovic of slovenia and the rugeni island of germany also found new examples .
the southern part of italy is found on two yachts that are the first bird flu virus in europe .
the most worrying eu officials are the migration of migratory birds from africa .
nigeria 's government is stepping up its efforts to prevent the virus from spreading to humankind in the continent .
the government of nigeria announced that all farms in the vicinity of the infected farms would be closed to the public for the first time if they were not threatened by the virus .
the nepali government announced that the country 's entire country has entered the alert and has also allocated four million us dollars for emergency planning to monitor the border between nigeria and nigeria .
the newly established national emergency committee said that they received a report that the two countries had reached a consensus on the border of sand sickness and snowstorm , and nearly 400 birds died .
china 's electronic banking business management new regulation will take effect on 1 march .
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to launch a new round of financial cooperation in the country 's banking sector , which is expected to be completed in the next few years , according to the china banking regulatory commission ( cbrc )
a spokesman for the cbrc said : according to the management method , the relevant examination and approval methods of foreign financial institutions have not been changed , that is , after foreign banks are allowed to operate internet banking business , if they need to increase the number of internet banking business varieties , they should report the main report and the examination in china .
to standardize commercial banks ' business by using the internet , the people 's bank of china has drawn up and promulgated the " interim procedures for managing internet banking business . "
the spokesman said that with the rapid growth of the e - banking business of commercial banks , the interim procedures cannot meet the needs of the risk supervision and control of e - banking , the cbrc has formulated two new rules for this purpose .
according to a spokesperson for the cbrc , the cbrc has a high degree of recognition of the quality of the safety assessment organization , which is different from the administrative license system of the industry access or enterprise access , and is not the necessary condition for the institution to conduct an electronic banking safety assessment business . this is only a reference for the financial institution in choosing an evaluation institution .
as long as the safety assessment organization meets the relevant conditions and requirements , even if it is not confirmed by the cbrc , the financial institution may also engage its personnel to carry out an electronic banking safety evaluation , but it should be managed in accordance with the relevant regulations .
the " procedures for managing electronic banking business " consists of nine chapters and 99 parts , which are divided into four parts , namely , the total application and the management of dynamic data exchange and transferring management , the management of cross - border business activities , the management of legal liability and supplementary provisions , etc.
the " guidelines on the safety of electronic banking banks " consists of 57 chapters , which are divided into four parts , namely , the general assessment of safety and safety , the management and surcharge of the implementation of the safety assessment activities , and other five parts .
the " mao zedong zhou enlai liu shaoqi , deng xiaoping , chen yun , " published and published the publication of the " investigation and study of chen yun " .
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the " mao zedong , zhou enlai , and zhu shaoqi , deng xiaoping , " which was edited by the cpc central literature research office , was recently published and published by the central literature publishing house .
we should conduct investigations and studies in a deep - going way , persist in integrating theory with practice , and draw up and implement the correct line , principles , and policies under the leadership of the cpc in leading the revolution and construction and the basic work methods .
mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu xiaodong , deng xiaoping , and other older generation revolutionaries of the older generation , who made many important and brilliant comments on the investigation and study issue , often penetrated the grass - roots units to personally conduct social investigations and wrote many reports .
they have conducted investigations and studies and made positive contributions to guiding the cause of the party and the people along the correct road and have played an important role .
the " mao zedong zhou enlai liu shaoqi , deng xiaoping , chen yun , " a book divided into three parts : the first part is mao zedong and other older generation revolutionaries of the older generation on the research .
most of these reports were published for the first time .
in addition , two articles on the " regulations on the conduct of investigations and studies of central leaders in the 1950 s and 1960 s were also included .
russia reiterates adherence to one - china policy
moscow , february 6 ( xinhua ) russian deputy foreign minister alekseyev said when meeting with chinese ambassador to russia liu guchang that russia upholds the one - china stance .
alekseyev said that russia has taken note of chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence .
the russian government has consistently adhered to the one - china principle and firmly supported china 's efforts to realize the great cause of national reunification .
last year , the chinese national people 's congress passed the " anti - secession law " , which was the first to express its support .
alekseyev said that the russian foreign ministry will issue a statement as soon as possible , reiterating the one - china stand and opposing taiwan independence .
( overseas ) 3 - year - old chinese countrymen robbed in south africa in two days
johannesburg , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese mainland 's fuqing overseas chinese , lin yixing , made a joint statement at the south african national restaurant in the small hours of 5 february local time after being robbed by local armed elements , killing six people in the south african judicial capital burundi hospital in the early morning of 6 february .
according to feng yang , president of the federation of chinese people in liberia , the incident occurred in more than 130 kilometers northwest of burundi 's huerkamkam city .
at that time , the shopowner lin yixing picked up the goods inside the station and was prepared to end the day 's business .
at that time , three customers were also found inside the shop , one of them was holding a pistol into the shop and robbed it .
lin yixing , 40 , was fighting with the criminals . the scoundrels opened a wreath to lin yixing , and fled later .
the local people who rushed to the scene rushed to the hospital to give lin yixing to hospital for treatment . because lin yixing 's body was full of thick and thin blood , the blood - seepage disease was not stopped , and the patient was certified dead at around 3 : 30 a. m . on 6 february .
on 6 february , the chinese consulate general in jordan , xu defu , wu guang , and the south african association vice chairman lin changming , drove the car to burundi .
lin yixing became the victim who was killed by the culprit in 36 hours and was also the third chinese who had been killed in south africa since this year .
( newspaper and periodical clippings ) shanghai : part - time staff and college graduates become the main force of hours
beijing , february 7 ( xinhua ) the labor and social security bureau of shanghai issued the latest information on wage and guidance for the new hour of wages for 2006 , with a total of 120 jobs , up 11 more than the previous one , and there were some increases in the original posts .
according to a relevant expert of the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau , currently the number of employees in shanghai 's hours has exceeded 1 million .
according to a report in the china youth daily , college graduates and concurrently - employed personnel are the main component of the working class on an hour .
through the investigation of the direct investigation of nearly 8,000 hours of work , over half of the people are part - time workers , and the proportion is 51.111 percent .
the cultural level of the laborers who are concurrently in the same rank is generally higher , and the main job is technical and relatively strong , such as the translation and concurrent posts , the proportion of part - time staff , and the physical fitness category is as high as 81.177 % , and the body is 61.66 % .
high incomes are many people engaged in hours of work and concurrently work .
it is understood that the monthly income of individual posts can reach tens of thousands of yuan , and it is still hard to seek , just as translator is translated , the monthly income of the job posts can be more than 2,000 yuan , such as the financial and advertising sirens .
to satisfy the personal interest and expand their knowledge is also a part - time job - seeker who is looking for .
for example , in a company who is the manager of the human resources department , several hours will be selected every week to deal with a foreign business representative office 's financial account .
mr koo said that the biggest gain in part - time jobs was to enable her knowledge to continue to grow and to have the opportunity to involve another field , of course , the income of $ 2,000 per month also has a certain amount of enticement .
as some of the job - seekers have low employment thresholds , their work forms are flexible and free , and they are gradually gaining the favourable favourable treatment for many graduates who are currently working in employment .
at the beginning , i did not want to work for an hour , but i felt that it was more than five hours to work in the evening of the 9 th .
after graduation , college students were not satisfied with their work , and finally they were hung on a hotel . they used steel to spread the music with the background music of the piano .
i am very satisfied with my work now , and i have a good environment for one hour and a good environment .
it is understood that working hours has become a number of graduates who are currently working in job - seekers , and the skills to train and train in the field of communication and communication are increasing the social calendar .
the graduates are mainly engaged in the knowledge and technical skills , and are mainly in the fields of professional skills , such as those with relatively strong professional skills , and the thick - eyeed performing arts , which are of a ratio of 22.1 % and 26.8 % respectively .
the number of hours of jobs for the industry is not high , such as food promotion workers , brokers , and other workers , and the unemployed can be placed on employment after simple training .
the data show that among the employed persons , the proportion of the unemployed in the workforce is 39,000 , of whom the proportion of unemployed people in the retail sector is as high as 68.4 percent , while the proportion of the restaurants is 58.7 percent , and the number of hours of workers has become an important channel for employment of unemployed personnel .
wu bangguo inspects anhui province
beijing , february 8 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to implement the policy of the chinese government to promote the development of the western region of china , and to promote the development of the western region with three important thinking as the guide , and to persist in taking the scientific development concept as the guide for the overall situation of economic and social development and in light of local realities , further emancipate the mind and creatively carry out work , and implement the scientific development concept in concrete measures .
from 6 to 8 february , wu bangguo visited the wuxiang and wuxiang , wuhua , and other places in the malan anshan mountain , where he went deep into the enterprises ' rural scientific research institutes and colleges to inspect the projects .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui has the advantage of having a regional position in which the eastern part of qinxian is linked to the north , and it is china 's important agricultural region , which enjoys abundant natural resources , a fairly good industrial foundation , a strong scientific and technological strength , and a unique cultural and tourist resources . it has great potential for development .
anhui should firmly grasp the major opportunity to promote the rise of central regions , always adhere to the central task of economic construction , and conscientiously implement the central guidelines and policies in light of anhui 's actual conditions , so as to implement the scientific development concept in specific measures and implement it in practical work .
we should sum up practical experience in a timely manner , fully rely on the masses of people , vigorously support reform and innovation , and continuously open up new prospects in anhui 's work .
we should actively promote the building of a harmonious society , persist in properly maintaining and developing the fundamental interests of the overwhelming majority of the people as the starting point and the end result of all our work , actively create conditions , and gradually resolve the practical problems of the masses in difficulty , gradually readjust the distribution relationships , and gradually change the dual urban and rural areas of the urban and rural areas , so as to safeguard and realize social fairness and justice , so that all the people can share the fruits of reform
wu bangguo stressed : china has reached the stage of striving to rely more on the ability to make independent innovation and improve the quality of laborers to promote economic and social development . only by vigorously promoting scientific and technological progress and innovation can we achieve a leap in the quality of productive forces and push economic and social development to a track of scientific development .
we should establish and perfect the system and mechanism that is conducive to innovation as soon as possible , increase investment in science and technology , encourage patent invention , develop famous brands , speed up the transformation of scientific and technological achievements into practical productive forces , strengthen the enterprises ' status as the main part of their independent innovation , and continuously raise the contribution rate of scientific and technological progress to economic growth .
we should support and encourage technological elements to participate in distribution , and establish and perfect a system of statistical indicators that embodies the ability to make independent innovation , study and formulate policies for supporting independent innovation in financial and taxation affairs and government procurement , and form a policy system that encourages independent innovation .
we should cultivate a sense of innovation in society , vigorously advocate the spirit of daring to innovate and daring to compete in a bid to create a good atmosphere for talented people .
wu bangguo pointed out : the people 's congress has played an important role in the process of building a socialist country ruled by law .
doing a good job in the work of the people 's congress under the new situation , first , we must uphold the correct political orientation , unswervingly follow the road of socialist political development with chinese characteristics , and organically integrate the adherence to the party 's leadership with the people 's determination to be the masters of their own affairs and the rule of law .
second , we should closely focus on the overall situation of the work of the party and the state , closely revolve around the major issues in reform , development , and stability , and work closely around the hot and difficult issues that the masses are generally concerned about , so as to continuously enhance the effectiveness of the work of the people 's congress .
third , it is necessary to give play to the characteristics and advantages of the work of the people 's congress , persist in democratic centralism , act according to the procedures and decide the issues in a collective manner .
we must persist in following the mass line , regard people as the foundation , exercise power for the people , be concerned about the people 's needs , and work for the interests of the people .
china proposes to implement new scientific research plan in the next 15 years
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to launch a new round of international trade cooperation in the fields of energy , environmental protection , and environmental protection in the country
the four major scientific plans are the research of protein , and the regulation and control of the research and development of the research and development of the research on genetic research .
the outline points out that protein science is a life science masterpiece of the current intense competition among developed countries .
in the next 15 years , china should focus on studying the transformations of important biosystems , such as the research group , the research group , the research group , the research group , the research project , the production and production of carbon dioxide , and the interactive and facial computerized biology and system biology , and the research methods and relevant application foundation .
the outline also holds that the study of regulation and control of minerals is of a clear and forward - looking nature , and it is possible to produce an unestimable impact on the development of human society and the economy after 20-30 .
china should focus on studying the carriers and regulatory principles and methods of the carrier of the tvs , calculate the amount of the new millimeters of the system , and regulate and control the size of the products and the new technology foundation .
in addition , the outline points out that nanotechnology has become a strategic choice for many countries to enhance their core competitiveness , and is also one of the areas that china is expected to achieve leapfrog development .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on research in this field , including the control of nanotechnology materials , and will be able to make its own equipment and functions , and nose nose , nanni , and nanochemical medicine , and the nanometric coat .
china 's population growth is large , there are many flaws , and there is serious shortage of transplants ; the peak of the age of the old age is about to arrive . therefore , it is urgently necessary to break through the theory of reproductive and breeding science and make technological innovations .
according to the outline , china will focus on studying the increase of stem cells and the regulation and control of the cells in 2006 - 2020 . the maturity of the cells and the decoration and dissipation of the human body 's function will be supported by the safety and ethical protection of the cells and the technical safety and legacy of the cells .
shanghai 's housing price increase drops 7 percent
shanghai , february 9 ( xinhua ) the state council will implement the reform of the macro - control policy on real estate in 2005 , which has achieved remarkable results in shanghai .
according to the latest data , the total number of industrial indicators in shanghai last year dropped or increased by a relatively slower margin .
the increase in the price of residential goods dropped by 6.6 percentage points from the previous year , while the value of real estate industry dropped by 4.1 percent compared with the previous year .
pan jianxin , director of the shanghai municipal bureau of statistics , said at a news briefing that in 2005 , the average selling price of shanghai 's commercial residential houses was 698 yuan / square meters , an increase of 313 yuan over 2004 .
the annual sales of residential goods rose by 9.2 percent over the previous year , and the increase was 6.6 percentage points lower than the previous year .
the added value of the real estate industry for the year was 670.23 billion yuan , down 41-1 percent from the previous year .
in the balance of loans from financial institutions , the balance of loans for personal housing loans was 26.494 - trillion yuan , and in the same year , the amount of new loans increased by only 9.4 - billion yuan , while the new loan increase in 2004 reached 728.09 - billion yuan .
pan jianxin said : the sales price of shanghai real estate in the whole year shows that the price of commercial housing is steadily declining .
the statistics also show that according to the latest data , the real estate price increase in shanghai has dropped somewhat in 2005 , and the average price of residential housing is 698 yuan / square meters , an increase of 10 percent over the 2004 figure .
in 2005 , the housing price level was 9.79 percent higher than the previous year , and the increase was 6.2 percentage points lower than that of the previous year .
according to him , last year , the city of shanghai completed a total investment of 1.2468.6 billion yuan , an increase of 6.1 percent over the previous year .
the sales area was 3158.87 - million square meters , down by 9.5 percent .
sales of commercial houses totaled 216.13 billion yuan , down 450 percent from the previous year .
two light planes collided in new zealand
wellington , february 9 ( xinhua ) two new zealand light planes were flying in the north of wellington , capital of the city of wellington on the 9th and crashed into the air of two students from the flight academy on the plane .
according to a relevant responsible person of the local civil aviation department , the two pilots on the plane were all pilots of the flight institute of marxi university . they were still undergoing training and have not obtained flying licenses .
at the time of the incident , the two planes were in the non - air control zone . according to the regulations , when the pilot was flying in such a region , he was responsible for the navigation and safety of the plane .
a witness who was on the scene told the new zealand media that he was not surprised when the plane collided .
another eyewitness also confirmed that before the plane crashed , he heard a huge explode and saw a plane 's cruel falling .
the cause of the collision is still unknown , and the local civil aviation department will conduct an investigation on this .
argentina 's overseas chinese and chinese strongly condemn chen shui - bian 's taiwan independence speech
xinhua news agency , buenos aires , february 8 ( reporter cao yu ) the chinese delegation , who is here for a visit , will attend the opening ceremony of the china council for promoting peaceful reunification of china , which is a member of the chinese people 's political consultative conference , to strongly condemn chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence , and oppose any attempt to separate taiwan from china .
the statement said that chen shui - bian 's speech on 29 january declared that he would abolish the nuc and the tucku [ name as transliterated ] program , which was a step forward toward taiwan independence .
the compatriots on both sides of the strait are looking forward to peace and the taiwan compatriots ' good wishes for peace and stability and development .
the statement pointed out that resolutely opposing and containing taiwan independence elements ' separatist activities and safeguarding peace and stability in the taiwan strait region remain the common aspiration of compatriots on both sides of the strait and the chinese community in the world .
the statement stressed that the argentine council for promoting china 's peaceful reunification is willing to exchange views with all overseas chinese and ethnic chinese residing in argentina who are in unity and resolutely oppose any form of taiwan independence and actively promote china 's peaceful reunification .
prc expert on us military threat against china , us military threat
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to launch a new round of military exercises in the united states , a senior military officer from the us department of defense , to the congress recently , to the congress , the first time he said that china is most likely to pose a military challenge to the united states .
experts believe that this is a unjustifiable criticism of china 's normal national defense construction , and that the dragging up of the china threat theory is an interference in china 's internal affairs .
the " four - year defense review report " is a new national defense guiding document of the pentagon .
the report , which lasted for 92 pages , expounds on china 's military power issue and the us countermeasures it should take , has been directly put forward on 15 occasions , and has also been published in the report .
the research fellow of the world military studies department of the chinese academy of military sciences yao yunzhu said : although senior us officials have expressed similar views on many occasions , this is the first time the united states has put forward in the report on its national defense strategy , and china is the newly emerging big power that may pose a military challenge to the united states .
this report clearly defines russia 's artery as a newly emerging strategic opponent , especially the so - called china pawn , and the united states has given more attention to the so - called china military threat .
peng guangqian , a researcher at the chinese academy of military sciences , said :
it is worth noting that in the " four - year defense review report " , on the same day , us president bush also submitted a report on the defense budget for the fiscal year 2007 to congress , including the defense budget of $ 43.9 billion .
if , plus the purpose of conducting military operations in iraq and afghanistan ,
peng guangqian held that the united states ' speculation of the threat of other countries reflects the pentagon 's consistent style of making enemies out of the predicament , and its real purpose is to win more national defense funds and provide the us military industrial group with more profits .
experts say that compared with the huge military spending of the united states , china 's defense expenditures are quite limited .
he has repeatedly taken part in the military expert written by the chinese defense white paper , saying that since the 1990 's , with economic development , china 's national defense expenditures have increased , but accounting for more than 10 percent of the national financial expenditures during the same period .
official data show that compared with 1979 , china 's national defense expenditures accounted for more than 10 percent of the total national financial expenditures of the same period .
china 's defense expenditures in 2005 were 244.656 billion yuan , which was only about one - fourth of the united states ' per capita military expenditure is equivalent to about us $ 1 / 60 . military personnel ' per capita military expenditure is about us $ 1 / 30 .
the us territory area is generally quite similar to china 's territory , and the gap between military expenditure and military expenditure is so huge . who is the military strength that goes beyond the normal defense needs . this is self - evident .
peng guangqian said :
the director of the research department of the china arms control and disarmament association , teng jianqun , said that the us side should objectively assess china 's military construction situation , and china 's peaceful development does not mean that china and the united states will become rivals militarily in the future .
the " 2004 china 's national defense " white paper says that china will firmly take the road of peaceful development and implement a defensive national defense policy .
china has never had any future of its relations with any country in the past and now , nor will it pose a threat to any country .
so far , china has not established military bases in any other country , nor has it sent a military force or a pawn to other countries , while the united states has over 100 military bases abroad , and it has only deployed military bases in asia , totaling more than 100,000 troops .
professor zhu feng of the international relations institute of beijing university said : china and the united states should increase communication and exchanges through the established channels , enhance mutual understanding and trust , and comprehensively advance the sino - us constructive and cooperative relationship in the new century so as to jointly promote world peace and development .
( winter olympics ) duenin winter olympics opening ceremony will be excited
duan , february 9 ( xinhua ) the people 's republic of china ( dprk ) will open on sunday at the opening ceremony of the 20th winter olympics in duenin olympic sports stadium
on 9 november , the duan winter olympics organizing committee disclosed to the reporters the exciting arrangements for the opening ceremony .
in response to the opening ceremony , kacei , chairman of the organizing committee , said he was confident that the opening ceremony would cost over 10 million euros and gather the various parties of italy to discuss the opportunities and challenges of the opening ceremony .
he said : the night of 10 april will be unforgettable , and the 350,000 audience and around 2 - billion television viewers in the world will see the full of passion and success .
the flames of the flames and the flames of the flames of the flames were resplendent , the white pigeon of the white and milk of the alps would appear at the opening ceremony . the director gave a briefing on the situation , the vitality of the actionable emotional emotional emotion , and the magnum of the magnates will become the main theme of the opening ceremony , and the largest historical event will be shown to
the famous italian designer , amani , specially designed a pair of the opening ceremony , and the famous italian fashion brand mooso will present a good opportunity to the athletes to give them a courteous service .
however , the famous italian male , pampala pavarotti , will be singing at the opening ceremony , and the organizing committee will leave this remittance to the last place .
eight people who can spray on the head will use three meters to make a profit .
the official of the organizing committee said that this was the most impressive creation of the opening ceremony .
on how to lit the main torch , the organizing committee did not reveal ahead of schedule , but the main torch station , which is as high as 57 meters , will light the souls of the residents on the nearby alps .
white house announces bush 's visit to pakistan and india in march
washington , february 9 ( xinhua ) the united states has decided to suspend its military reconnaissance activities in the united states on the morning of the 9 th , a spokesman for the white house of the united states , mclark , said at a press conference here today that the incident of a thin cartoon that islamic world triggered a strong protest in the islamic world , but president bush will still visit pakistan and india in accordance with the plan .
mcclellan said that bush is looking forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he also said that he is making arrangements for this visit .
mclellan made the above remarks when holding various demonstrations in some areas in pakistan to protest the blasphemy of islam 's precursor mohammed .
in january this year , bush met with pakistani prime minister aziz at the white house , and both sides expressed the hope to strengthen friendly cooperation to jointly crack down on terrorism that endanger the security of the two countries .
bush also said that at the invitation of the pakistani and indian governments , he will pay a state visit to pakistan and india in march .
hamas to form cabinet to seek breakthrough
raman , february 9 ( xinhua ) hamas has formed a cabinet to seek a breakthrough
xinhua news agency reporter wang hao and huang
the palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) won the election of the legislative council , how to draw a blueprint for the new government has become the focus of attention in the world today .
what kind of new policy hamas will adopt will directly affect the relevant parties ' policies toward the next step of the peace process .
at the same time , the us and israel 's resistance attitude has added a variable to the future of the hamas government .
at present , the palestinian parties are stepping up consultation to discuss the issue of the establishment of a cabinet , which involves the future development of the situation and the sensitive point of the cabinet .
the post of prime minister has flown out and whitewashed the post of prime minister .
after hamas obtained the right to form a cabinet , some people were worried that hamas 's prime minister might have had differences with the current supreme leader abbas .
in addition , hamas leader mahmoud ahmed , who is visiting egypt , stressed that the new palestinian government , which is formed by hamas , will not recognize israel , has also aggravated international worries .
the united states and israel have explicitly expressed that they will not accept a hamas government that holds the power of reality and that they will threaten to interrupt economic aid to palestine and transfer tax to palestine .
however , this does not obstruct hamas from making a flexible strategic adjustment , and it is a choice that can be made to select independent people .
it is reported that in order to obtain international approval as much as possible , hamas and domestic leaders in egypt recently decided to elect an independent person to the board of directors of the jakarta islamic university , who is the new prime minister .
this move has yet to be responded by the relevant parties .
palestinian analysts , hussein , said that no matter who the prime minister is in office , the most crucial thing is that the prime minister should try to weaken hamas 's hard - line hue , and only by so doing can it guarantee the success of the cabinet formation .
how to distribution power ( subhead )
in terms of internal affairs , the biggest challenge facing hamas in forming a cabinet is the lack of adequate experience in governance .
the " daily " of palestine analyzed the situation and said that hamas has gathered together people and people through social welfare projects , but there is no experience in ruling the country and is also different from the palestinian national liberation movement ( fatah ) , which has a ruling experience .
hamas has proposed to establish a political partner with fatah after the election , to jointly form a national coalition government , but fatah has not given a positive response to this day .
at present , there are no views about whether or not the cabinet is in the cabinet , and one faction stands for participating in the new government , so that it can be done . the other faction is willing to make a positive opposition party in the legislative affairs commission .
informed sources pointed out that under the advice of abbas , fatah gradually began to join the new government .
even so , hamas and fatah will also hold discussions on the distribution of cabinet posts .
in addition , another way is to establish a legislative committee framework that is out of control .
hamas also designed a clean and white expert government , which is a specific list of unidentified experts .
in view of the attitude of the united states and israel , the technology - style government is no less able to form a cabinet to reduce external pressure .
according to the basic law of palestine , the new term of the legislative yuan on 16 february was nominated by the prime minister and will be formed in three to five weeks .
where will armed forces go from ?
the weapons in hamas are another challenge facing the formation of a new government .
the attitude of the united states and israel is extremely tough , and resolutely demanding that hamas abandon violence and reject its armed participation in the administration .
hamas leader mahathir stressed on 9 november that armed resistance is a strategic choice made by the organization .
the armed forces are in fact a matter of legality and the issue of the management of armed forces at two levels .
hamas 's election of the first largest party in the legislative council through democracy and freedom has been recognized internationally , and the armed forces of its subordinate armed forces are equally legal .
hamas once proposed that the armed forces of various factions be unified to the people 's army of the palestinian national authority , but it has not received wide response , and it has also been attacked by the islamic jihad organization ( jahart ) .
palestine now has more than 60,000 security personnel , most of whom are from the fatah camp .
moreover , fatah also has some subordinate armed forces with slack organization relations , such as arsasaki martyrs , who are in charge of drastically modified magnates .
hamas , which is in charge of forming a cabinet , must have a thorough understanding of how to manage these armed forces that are in power , and rationally distribute security management power .
abbas is intentionally in charge of security and intelligence units , police and civil defense organs , while the new government 's interior ministry is in charge of the administration .
however , the parties are still holding consultations on this sensitive issue , so far there is no such thing .
china 's first report on polar survey
beijing , february 10 ( xinhua ) chinese marine corps said here today that the " 2005 china ultra - land survey report " was a key step in china 's efforts to conduct polar scientific research .
the " report " comprehensively reflects the scientific research activities of the extreme science in china in 2005 and the extremely extensive research of logistical support and geopolitical scientific research .
according to the " report , " the " report " was published on 9 january 2005 at 2:15 ( beijing time ) . during the inspection tour of the inland iceberg in china 's antarctic , the icecm successfully landed on the highest ice - surged ice - surfaces . at 3:15 on 18 january , it was confirmed that the ice - sickness area was located at the height of the beijing time .
in the increasingly fierce international arena for investigation , competition , chinese people are strongly worried about the strong will and dauntless spirit of being brave in exploring new areas . first , china has launched a research and research on the highest ground in the south pacific ocean .
sun zhihui , director of the state oceanographic administration , said :
the " report " shows that on 24 march 2005 , the 21 st antarctic expedition team of china returned to shanghai with a complete completion of its mission . the inspection lasted 151 days , with a range of 2,6500 nautical miles .
on 18 november the same year , the 22 nd antarctic expedition team of china left shanghai for the antarctic zhongshan station to conduct the science and technology examination and will leave the central mountain station before the end of february 2006 .
since the first ultra - land survey report published by china , the " report on china 's polar survey in 2005 " has also made a positive response to the extreme changes in china 's polar region , which started in the early 1980s .
according to the " report , " in 1983 , china formally joined the " antarctic treaty " and became a member of the organization of the antarctic treaty . the treaty was signed by the committee on science research of the antarctic science research committee and the council of the antarctic director .
in 1997 , china became a member of the commission of science of the arctic , winning the right to speak and make policy decisions in international polar affairs .
the " report " points out that over the past 20 - plus years , china 's extreme geopolitical study has never been carried out and constantly developed . the initial artery has formed a ship of the third station , the north pole science research system , which is : the south china pole city station established in february 1985 , and the south pole - mountain station established in february 1989 , and the nanjiang - hebei - zhuhai station was established in july , 2004 ,
according to the " report , " as of the end of 2005 , china has organized 22 antarctic scientific research projects , with the name of the lianxiang wharf as the platform for the north pole scientific research . the survey also conducted two surveys on the arctic , which have been conducted by the far east pole , has so far more than 3,000 archaeologists throughout the country , and has conducted on - the - site investigation of the arctic .
at present , we are making preparations for the establishment of the third antarctic investigation station , and also china 's first intercontinental observation station .
sun zhihui said :
after more than 20 years of effort , china 's extreme exploration project has achieved a great success in the world 's ultra - earth study , but it is still far from other countries that are mainly conducting polar survey .
he said .
sun zhihui revealed that china will publish its polar survey report every year .
castro meets chinese president beijing , oct. 29
havana , february 10 ( xinhua ) cuban state council president fidel castro met with visiting cuban president fidel castro on the 10th , who is on a visit to cuba , and both sides expressed the hope to constantly strengthen mutually beneficial cooperation in education , science and technology , and other fields .
president castro warmly welcomed state councillor chen zhili on his visit to cuba .
he said : relations between cuba and china are very friendly , and high - level visits have been frequent , which have effectively promoted and strengthened friendship and mutual understanding between the two countries , and hopes that the two countries will constantly deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in various fields , including education and science and technology .
chen zhili said : cuba is a region with important influence in latin america and the caribbean region .
the friendly exchanges between the chinese and cuban peoples date back to ancient times .
cuba is the first latin american country to establish diplomatic relations with new china .
after entering the new century , under the concern and impetus of the leaders of the two countries , mutual political trust between the two countries has become increasingly deepened , the scope of cooperation has constantly expanded , mutual support and cooperation in international affairs , and the friendly relations between china and cuba have entered a new period of comprehensive development .
she believed that with the joint efforts of both sides , the friendly cooperation between china and cuba will certainly achieve more fruitful results .
chen zhili also pointed out that the chinese government has always attached importance to exchanges and cooperation with cuba in the educational field .
in recent years , the two countries have maintained close exchanges and frequent exchanges of visits .
china actively supports the international conference held by the cuban side and has sent delegations to attend various world higher education conferences and the 2005 illiteracy summit .
the level of basic education in cuba is very high , and hopes to further strengthen exchanges and cooperation in the future .
chen zhili said : china and cuba have made great achievements in scientific and technological research and development , and can cooperate in various fields to achieve mutual benefit and win - win results .
the chinese side has helped some cuban scientific research equipment , hoping to play a positive role in the research and production of cuban science .
she also briefed castro on china 's strategy of rejuvenating the country through science and education and the national science and technology conference .
chen arrived here on a four - day visit to china at the invitation of the cuban government on february 9 at the invitation of the cuban government .
during this period , chen zhili met with cuban minister of high education vino , and also inspected the university 's tuanku university of information science and technology .
the waste leakage of the oil leak on the beijing - kazakhstan highway
harbin , february 11 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has issued a circular on the road of the highway , which is 58 km long , on the beijing - kazakhstan highway , which has been leaking some sections of the sections .
according to the police of the traffic police group of the shuangcheng city public security bureau , at about 23:00 on the 10th , three trains collided with each other on the jingha highway , one truck was knocked together with a tanker and a tanker , and the oil tank body was leaking out of the cannon . the rubber oil loaded on the road was flowing on the road .
it is understood that the fuel tanker loaded with the waste oil that is behind the cardinal pain .
the amount of waste oil was too thin and was also afraid of the danger of the past vehicles causing fire flames .
some roads in harbin to the two cities were closed , and many vehicles bypassed .
at present , the departments concerned are cleaning up the scene and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
( hong kong , macau and taiwan ) and huangpu announced their three - day listing in italian fentailing
hong kong , february 11 ( xinhua ) the yptp and the hutchison whampoa company , which had been listed on the market under the flag - raising business , announced on the 11th that it would be implementing a three - dimensional telecommunication business plan for listing in italy .
and huo jianning , general manager of the huang group , said that although the gio has been approved by all relevant regulatory bodies , it is necessary to make a decision in the next few weeks because the listing procedure must be completed .
at the same time , the european telecom market is weak , and the market may not be able to provide gio 3 italian fong for a listed valuation .
in view of the fact that shareholders have the greatest interest to consider , it is decided that they will be delayed for listing .
as to when the stocks will be listed again , huo jianning said that it is necessary to consider the future operation of the european telecommunications market .
he said that from now until the time of the second stock offer , it is necessary to conduct extensive investor education activities so that global telecom investment market will be more clearly aware of the problems in italy 's current strong performance and favorable prospects .
according to another media report , the three italian global co - ordinators , gao sheng , agreed to use the euro with 420 million euros to raise the bank 's total investment value by 203 percent in the form of private sales , and the transaction is expected to be completed by the end of march this year .
china , myanmar trade ties develop well
yangon , february 12 ( xinhua ) the chinese ambassador to myanmar , mr mike khail , said here today that china 's government will continue to promote the development of bilateral relations and cooperation in various fields .
ambassador to china mikhail said : in recent years , the sino - burmese good - neighborly and friendly relations , based on the five principles of peaceful coexistence , have been consolidated and developed , and exchanges and cooperation in various fields have expanded and deepened with each passing day , and bilateral economic and trade relations have been constantly expanded and strengthened .
tang said the high - level exchanges between the two countries have effectively promoted the development of bilateral economic and trade cooperation .
during the mutual visits between the two countries in 2004 , the two sides signed 33 documents on economic and trade cooperation , most of which are being carried out and implemented .
he said that in 2004 , it was $ 11.4 billion , and in 2005 it reached $ 12.09 billion , of which china 's exports were $ 9.35 - billion , and imports were $ 244 - billion .
in bilateral trade last year , trade between china and burma ( including border trade ) amounted to $ 630 - million , an increase of 14.6 percent over the previous year .
tang said myanmar has become a major base for chinese enterprises to carry out contracting of engineering , and china 's major projects in myanmar include the hydroelectric arf and the plant ( such as the cathedral cathedrine , the mangche , etc. ) .
chinese enterprises have developed their business in myanmar , which has brought along the export of various kinds of mechanical and electrical products in china , and myanmar has become the major market for china 's complete sets of equipment and the export of mechanical and electrical products .
according to statistics from the chinese customs , in the past five years , the export of mechanical and electrical products has accounted for about 450 percent of china 's total export value to myanmar .
tang also said that myanmar has abundant resources , and china has started to invest in burma 's oil and gas fields , such as oil and gas fields and bronze mines , and there is great potential for the development of sino - burmese economic and trade cooperation .
he expressed the hope that chinese enterprises will have a long - term view , learn to avoid risks and make a prudent decision , and establish a good image of enterprises , so that they will be able to get a good job in the project on schedule , so as to win glory for the country .
ambassador to china and ambassador tang haitian all held that prime minister soe 's ' upcoming official visit to china is a major event in bilateral relations this year and is of great significance to enhancing political mutual trust and promoting bilateral cooperation , and to promoting the further development of good - neighborly and friendly relations between china and burma .
the two sides are expected to sign a number of documents on economic and trade cooperation during the visit .
world bank to reduce poverty - stricken countries
moscow , february 11 ( xinhua ) world bank president wolfowitz said in moscow on the 11th that the world bank would completely remove the poverty - stricken countries ' debts before the middle of this year .
wolfowitz held talks with visiting group of eight finance ministers in moscow on the same day .
in his statement after the meeting , he said that the world bank would implement the debt reduction and exemption plan before july 1 , and that the world bank is now completing all technical work .
last year , the world bank 's donor countries completely exempted from the debts owed by 28 countries , and indicated that they would fill the funds for the relevant trust funds .
the amount of creditor 's rights of the imf is relatively small , and the imf has started to reduce or waive its debts since the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz 's decision on exempting the debts of 16 african countries from russia .
gao qing 's digital television has gradually become the mainstream in the united states
xinhua news agency , new york , february 12 ( reporter fan xiaolin ) with the high resolution rate of digital television ( cathedral ) , the price has continuously dropped and the market has expanded , and the us television dissemination organization has also stepped up its efforts to introduce corresponding high - tech television programs .
the just - set us whirlwind , the american superbowl , has become the first time that american broadcasting operators have greeted the television heat of the age of the high qing dynasty .
according to a recent report by the financial times , the us congress recently passed a bill , which stipulates that american broadcasting operators must submit a full stop to the current mock television signals on 17 february 2009 , and can only broadcast digital signals .
this means the full digitization of the us tv program has already had a clear timetable .
the popularization of high - resolution digital television depends on consumers to purchase tv sets on the one hand , on the other hand , on the other hand , on the other hand , on the other hand , on the other hand , on the other hand , on the production organizations to provide high - qing digital programs .
although the digital television has been repeatedly mentioned in the past few years , it has never become a reality .
this problem has taken a turn for the better this year .
according to the forecast of the us consumer electronics association , the number of digital television sets will exceed the traditional tv sets for the first time this year , while the number of digital television sets is 85.1 % of the high - resolution products .
japanese researchers develop new highly efficient kidney
tokyo , february 13 ( xinhua ) the research institute of east china sea university of japan developed a biomedical kidney that is not only capable of keeping the same name as the kidney of mankind , but also has the right to retain the existing ingredients of materials , and it is also easy to transplant it . the research is also expected to provide a new type of biological and chemical weapon for the patient to be patient .
according to a recent report by the nikkei shimbun , the newly developed biological man - made kidney is mainly composed of two parts , and some are transported to the filter - tse waste and water - divided pathogens . the other is the legends of the genetic diagnosis from the former lieutenant general of the water and the genetic thermal - type heart - shaped heart - like heart sutra .
the man 's kidney - class cartoon and the man 's urine were all made by the wire of the central air , and the people were all made up of the inside of the cardiac .
this hillary cells can make many blood - penetrating diseases caused by the disease , which are very interrelated with the heart of the heart of the heart , the cause of the cardiac is diagnosed and returned to the blood , and can also make the necessary wine of the body and the material of the mine into the blood .
the past human - made kidney relied on the pressure of the reuters to filter teller waste , and it is impossible to completely remove it , and it is not capable of rereturning the genetic acid to the blood .
the researchers used the hills to carry out experiments on the transplant of the biological man , and the chinese - made wooden walls of the humans were using the pigs .
two weeks later , researchers confirmed that humans and kidney are able to function .
currently , they are developing and using the biohuman kidney cells , and will be verified to be safe after they are safe .
china 's electric power production is still facing severe challenges
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the state electricity regulatory commission ( sgc ) said on the 13th that although the overall situation of power production in 2005 maintained a stable momentum , the production safety of electricity still faces severe challenges .
shi yubo , vice chairman of the state power control commission , said at the fifth national power production committee ( expanded ) meeting here that in 2005 , china 's electric power production safety production was generally stable and complete the completion of the tasks of the peak season for electricity supply and power supply , and that china 's power supply and power supply was able to cope with the intrusion of natural disasters , and to ensure the safe and stable operation of the power supply system and the safe operation of electric power
however , he pointed out that with the changes in the power supply and demand situation and the large amount of new generating units put into operation , the production of electricity production will face new challenges .
these challenges include : regional turbulence - filled period , which will still exist , and the supply and demand situation in some areas remain tight , and the price - benign mechanism for electricity has not yet been formed , leading to a rather big problem in the supply of coal , and the problem of the failure to effectively control the decrease in coal quality has not been effectively controlled .
shi yubo said : with the deepening of the reform of the power system , many deep - seated contradictions will continue to be exposed , how to maintain the stability of the workers ' ranks and ensure normal production order will become new problems facing us .
in view of the 2006 power production safety work , shi yubo said that it is necessary to further consolidate the basic work of the management of electric power production , speed up the establishment and improvement of the mechanism for emergency management of electric power safety , enhance the ability to deal with sudden incidents , strengthen the coordination and cooperation of the power plant network , and jointly safeguard the safety of the power station 's power station 's system , continue to do a good job in supervising and managing the dam safety and informationization work
it is reported that in light of the new situation in the management of electric power security , the china power regulatory commission will conduct a survey on the " interim regulations on the investigation of power production accidents " that have been promulgated this year . at the same time , the supporting documents on the safety of the power station 's major dam and the protection of the second power system will be issued and implemented in succession this year .
in 2005 , china 's total consumption of electricity reached 24.689 trillion kilowatts , up 13.45 percent over the same period last year .
in the face of the situation of power supply and demand , the contradiction between coal , electricity , oil , and transportation is still uncertain , and all power enterprises have taken effective measures to strengthen equipment management . last year , no major equipment accidents occurred in the country 's power production .
the number of accidents in power grids dropped by 127 , while the number of equipment accidents dropped by 132 compared with the same period last year .
south africa 's ambassador to china said that there is no organization in south africa to deal with chinese citizens ' criminal acts .
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to implement the agreement on the south african union ( south african ) treaty on the south african republic ( south african ) in a special interview with xinhua reporters on the 13th , saying that there is no possibility of any organized crime in south africa to deal with chinese citizens ' criminal acts .
he also said that the south african government will spare no effort in cracking down on all forms of criminal activities .
he said the south african government hopes to cut the crime rate to zero in the form of a crime , and hopes that every foreign resident working in south africa will be able to get the local law and the citizens ' full support .
since 2006 , four chinese citizens have been in south africa one after another being killed , and the chinese world has expressed its extensive concern over this .
the chinese foreign ministry has made representations with the south african side on this matter and reminded chinese nationals in south africa to further enhance their awareness of security and precautions , strengthen unity and friendship between overseas chinese and the police , and cooperate with the police in cracking down on criminal activities .
we express our most sincere sympathy and condolences to the families of the victims .
he said that he was very sorry to this and asked the chinese people to believe that the south african government is seriously investigating every case involving china .
according to the chinese embassy in south africa , the south african police have successfully solved the case of the chinese women 's chen jianqing in south africa on 5 february , and a suspect has been arrested .
police are hunting another suspect .
according to the south african embassy in china , the number of criminals suspected of having been killed by shooting in january this year has been arrested by south african police , and the property of the victims has been recovered .
speaking on the possible consequences of the chinese citizens ' sufferings , he said that these incidents were indeed a negative impact on the relations between the two countries .
the south african government has been working on the south african government 's tourism policy , which is aimed at promoting the development of the south african continent , said the official .
according to chinese official statistics , south africa has maintained a good momentum of china 's largest trade partner in africa in 2005 .
the bilateral trade volume reached $ 72.7 billion , an increase of 23.2 percent over the same period last year .
however , people in the tourism industry believe that the chinese citizens ' assassination incident that has continuously occurred in 2004 has a significant impact on the number of chinese tourists visiting south africa .
according to statistics from the south african tourism bureau , the number of chinese tourists to south africa in the first half of 2005 was 20331 , a decrease of 14.9 percent compared with the same period last year .
currently , there are 200,000 chinese living in south africa , and the rural villages in south africa are covered .
analysts here believe that the gap between the rich and the poor in the south africa society is big , the unemployment rate is high , and there is no deterrent to death penalty , so the crime rate is high .
because many chinese do not understand english , there are cash in their body and home , and it is more prone to become targets of criminal elements ' attempt to make money and attack .
hk promotes english learning and training
hong kong , february 13 ( xinhua ) the hong kong special administrative region government launched a new plan on the 13 th to allow more working people to raise their english standard .
this " net " , which is a good english language , has a rich life , includes a series of publicity activities to promote the learning and training of workplace english , and to make employers better understand how to help employees improve their english proficiency .
the scheme has now provided about 25,000 job opportunities for the workplace english training programme , enabling them to have the necessary skills and expertise in the workplace .
the hong kong workplace english campaign is launched in 2000 .
the english campaign is an important project for the provision of workplace english training subsidy scheme .
the scheme aims to help the employees in english to apply for english through participating in the training and participating in the designated international english examinations , to achieve the objectives and objectives of the workplace english required for their respective workplaces .
hebei 's aids testing system is free of charge
shijiazhuang , february 14 ( xinhua ) hebei province health and health department recently issued a circular on the " voluntary aids prevention and control work in hebei province " ( trial implementation ) , which clearly stipulates that aids testing and testing is free of charge and that the aids prevention and control system is expected to be discovered to the maximum
the " plan " clearly defines the principle of the aids voluntary consultation and testing work in hebei province : the system of testing and consulting aids is free of charge , and the aids antibody testing and consulting system and the confirmation and confirmation of information , the testing and consultation of aids patients and the confidentiality of aids patients , and the assessment of the relevant behavior of aids patients and the protection of the legitimate rights and interests of aids patients is provided for follow - up
the " plan " requires that aids consultation and testing points should be located at the convenience of the consulting group to provide the protection of the insider 's secrets , and there should be a single room for one - to - one consultations .
the choice of the counselors should fully consider the personal quality and the sense of responsibility and the ability to exchange information .
to protect the secrets of the consulting , the inspection leaflet can be used by code or number .
the " plan " also requires that the health administration and administrative departments at and above the county level make public the local media 's information on medical and health organs undertaking the voluntary aids free medical examination and medical service in the region so as to facilitate the masses to understand the relevant information .
the ministry of public security still has a focus on extorting confession from extortion by extortion of confessions
beijing , february 14 ( xinhua ) the police force 's deputy director , zheng baikong , said in a press briefing held by the ministry of public security on the 14th that the so - called meng yuxiang was not in a proper way to let the suspects confused in china .
the focus of the work of the inspectors department is also to prevent these problems .
he also pointed out that some international organizations have a clear understanding of the law enforcement situation of the chinese police .
the latest information provided by the ministry of public security on 14 june shows that the ministry of public security issued in xue2004 the " regulations on putting in place measures for the public security organs to put on record " the provisions on applying continuing interrogations by public security organs " , which better guarantees that the public security organs at the grass - roots level apply for retained interrogations in accordance with the law .
since 1997 , the government has made a series of measures to further promote the three major projects of management of public security , such as the handling of the cases of extorting guns and the use of force , and the police force of public security organs throughout the country has persisted in sending out large numbers of policemen to the scene , the tuantuan police station , and the public security bureau 's supervision and control and control unit to enforce law on the spot , and to investigate and inspect the law
to prevent the occurrence of law enforcement at the source , the police inspector 's department further extended the role of law enforcement inspectors and increased the intensity of interrogation and interrogation of 110 + 110 + total .
beijing , may 10 chinese president sun yun - suan died of illness in taipei
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) taipei has been the honorary chairman of the association for relations across the taiwan strait [ arats ] sun yun - suan , who once served as honorary chairman of the taiwan strait exchange foundation , and has been disappointed with the disastrous heart failure and the conquered of blood for his defeat in the midst of taipei on the morning of 15 february .
sun yun - suan was born on 11 november 1913 in penglai , shandong , and graduated from the electrical engineering department of harbin industrial university .
it was a member of the 10th to the 13 th central committee of the kuomintang , member of the 11th central committee of the 14th central committee of the central committee of the communist party of china , chairman of the presidium of the central committee 's evaluation committee , and member of the 15th central committee of the central committee of the cppcc national committee .
he once served as director of the taiwan authorities ' transportation department , minister of economy , and director of the executive yuan .
heilongjiang to promote the environmental impact assessment and countermeasures of the songhua river water pollution and the songhua river
harbin , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has issued a circular on the work of improving the conditions of the songhua river 's dry season and the ice - melting and pollution control work in the songhua river , which will be carried out in a positive way , to promote the implementation of the songhua river 's ecological and environmental impact assessment and countermeasures .
this reporter learned from the heilongjiang environmental protection bureau that the state environmental protection administration has organized the large - scale pollution incident in the songhua river , which has a total of 1,500 ecological impact assessment and countermeasure projects , and is divided into two major subjects , namely , the evaluation of the emergency environment and the evaluation of the ecological effects of the earthquake and the control of human body 's health , the comprehensive assessment technology , and the concrete time for completing the three stages of the project .
currently , there are 10 scientific research institutes in heilongjiang province , totaling more than 60 people , undertaking 14 technical research work .
according to a briefing , the environmental protection departments and relevant scientific research institutions will conduct a comprehensive study on five topics , namely , the environment for dealing with emergencies and the measures for dealing with emergencies , in order to solve the environmental problems that the masses are urgently concerned about .
these include the main control of the concentration of pollutants with the total volume of external pollutants to forecast the safety of the songhua river 's aquatic products , and the impact of the scattered water and underground water supply on the two sides of the canal and the safety of underground water supply , the research of the technical plan for the clean - up of the chemical water supply in the chemical warfare in the chemical warfare , the research of the frozen river 's ice and
heilongjiang province 's environmental protection department will also step up environmental monitoring along the songhua river coast , and severely deal with serious pollution and illegal construction .
heilongjiang will send environmental law enforcement personnel to urge localities to take charge of the comprehensive improvement of the environment in small river basins , improve the environment in the neighborhood of kangfu , and other supporting and management systems .
beijing university set up a mourning hall to express condolences to wang ch'ien
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to launch a new round of training in the beijing - zhuhai city of qinghua university after a few days of intense browsing , beijing university 's 100 th anniversary celebrations . by the afternoon of 15 february , several hundred people have come to pay homage to the family members of wang chin .
at 08:00 , the time of opening the mourning hall was not yet , dozens of people were waiting outside the hall , and several dozen people had already been platoon .
this reporter gave a speech at the commemoration hall of the centennial anniversary of the beijing university . the wall of the hall was hanging a black horizontal of the walls of the walls .
the bottom of the horizontal picture is a huge picture of wang xirong , who has a glimpse of more than 10 square meters , with a glimpse of his glasses , a laugh on his face , and a quiet and uprighted atmosphere .
the two sides of the legendary were placed on the side of the trees , and dozens of flowering ring were divided into two sides .
one of the recovering ring wings , like this , was born in qin shen , the founder of the glorious chinese nation , and the first one to greet the blueprint of contemporary peach .
the mourning hall was joyful and the atmosphere was filled with heavy responsibilities .
among the people who were commemorated , including the leaders of the beijing university and the teachers and students of the wang ch'ing - chin , the fellow countrymen , and many people who had no knowledge of him were also especially intentional to come .
some of them put flowers in their hands , some of them put on the basket , and each person wearing a small white flower in his chest , slowly walked to the remains of wang ch'ing 's academician , bowing to his bow and bones .
many people could not help but shed tears .
he was once director of the state administration of cultural relics , zhang wenbin , a alumnus of beijing university , told the reporter that more than 10 years ago he was still working in henan province . he asked professor wang to give a report on scientific and technological innovation to the provincial party committee cadres .
professor wang xirong is a member of the chinese people 's political consultative conference . he has made outstanding contributions to the country and society . he has always been a member of the cppcc national committee .
the professor jin ruilin of the beijing university law school is a forty - year old neighbor of the old friend who has been in old age .
he was just discharged a few days ago . today he insisted on having a good deal with old friends .
mr. jin left the word in the reminder , and he could not contain his pessimistic feelings . he repeatedly took away the tears of tears of the tears .
he told the reporter that professor wang chin 's life was very frugal and was extremely perplexed when he was living in the tong he garden . he was already a professor and had a very high achievement , but he is still living in a very small room for many years .
later he moved to the zoo , and in a place of 780 square meters , he also stayed for more than 10 years .
the north university gave him a new name on the academician 's office at the blue camp , more than 140 square meters of big house . he did not want to , and the high - level housing provided by the fang zheng building , he did not want to .
mr. jin recalled with deep feeling that wang ch'ing had provided foreign countries with a very high treatment during his visit , but he had been determined to resign .
in early days , he insisted on not applying for an academician , and was only sent to fill the vacancy after several mobilization meetings by mr. zhou peiyuan .
let 's give mr. jin deep feeling , and wang xuan 's attitude toward the cultivation of young people . he repeatedly stressed that i still have some achievements , not the results i have made , but i should rely on the cultivation of young people .
mr. jin said : when he was 50 years old , wang xuan began to pay attention to the cultivation of young people . he always stressed that we should pave the way for the people and give the young people a way to make the way for them .
this is a great contribution to a highly successful scientist .
this reporter learned from the beijing university news center that from the morning of 15 february to the 12th day of the 12th day on 19 february , wang xiren , an academician of wang xiren , was open to the public every day to express condolences .
the " red army " , which is known as the contemporary flower , is a member of the chinese academy of engineering , academician of the third world academy of sciences , wang xuan , who is an academician of the chinese academy of engineering , was born in beijing at 11:30 on 13 february when he was sick . he was 70 years old .
china 's npc , chilean parliament set up mechanism for exchanges
wu bangguo attended the signing ceremony and signed the agreement .
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) , wu bangguo , attended the opening ceremony of the political dialogue between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament at the great hall of the people on the afternoon of the 15th , and signed the agreement on the text of the agreement .
the exchange mechanism between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament was formally established .
it is reported that president of the chilean parliament roach and president of the chamber of deputies arsenal abu aziz have signed the agreement in santiago , the capital of chile a few days ago .
according to the agreement , the two sides will , in accordance with the principles laid down in the sino - chilean joint communiqu on the establishment of a political dialogue relationship between the npc and the chilean parliament , set up a dialogue committee to rode in the unregular meetings between the two countries to jointly promote the comprehensive development of bilateral relations .
chilean ambassador to china kalafari and others attended the signing ceremony .
china to promulgate regulations on protection of rights of dissemination of information network
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has made great efforts to improve the quality of the internet service , which is a major event in the world
wang ziqiang said : according to the existing law , the works published in newspapers and periodicals are not used as a magic weapon . the newspapers and periodicals can not be used without the author 's consent . at the same time , the state copyright bureau should pay the payment for the work and the state copyright bureau has formulated a standard for reimbursing newspapers and periodicals in accordance with the law .
however , according to the existing law , the newspaper enjoys the right to issue this statutory license . at present , the internet does not enjoy this statutory right to use .
according to the relevant judicial explanations made by the supreme people 's court , the method of using newspapers and periodicals to use the legal license can be applied on the internet , that is , on the internet , and the author has not made any short - term statement , the internet can not be used without permission , and at the same time , it is necessary to pay the payment .
however , as there is no requirement for judicial interpretation on the pay standard , the use of these works on the internet has not paid any remuneration .
regarding the use of these short - published works on the internet , is it applicable to statutory licensing , and it is also necessary to determine the direction of the artery from the legal level .
wang ziqiang said : whether or not it is included in the scope specified by law , and also the scope of the protection of the rights to dissemination of information networks that is promulgated this year .
russian military says no resolution of georgia parliament to affect russian peacekeeping operations
moscow , february 15 ( xinhua ) the russian defense ministry 's news officer , sergei selov , told the media on the 15th that the georgian parliament had reached a consensus on the resolution on the russian peacekeeping force , which would not affect the peace - keeping activities of russian soldiers in the short run , and the russians would continue to carry out peacekeeping missions in the region of the conflicts in the south ossetia .
the russian duma ( lower house ) commission chairman koko kono on the same day exchanged views on the georgian parliament 's resolution on the russian peacekeeping force . he pointed out that the georgian side 's resolution would undermine the stability of the region 's situation and would have an adverse effect on russia - georgia relations .
he stressed that the resolution of the georgian parliament has made russia - georgia relations move further toward the direction of deteriorating .
he said : georgia 's accusation against russia is absurd .
the georgian parliament on that day passed a resolution demanding that the russian peacekeeping force stop its peacekeeping operations in the south ossetia , but it did not set the specific deadline for the withdrawal of russian peacekeeping forces .
the georgian parliament accuses russian peacekeeping personnel of not fulfilling the obligations stipulated and regards russia 's actions in the conflict region as an excuse to try to swallow the territory of georgia .
the georgian parliament urged the government to take active action to consider the possibility of sending peacekeeping troops to the region where the south ossetia clash is in .
the georgian parliament also instructed the government to revise the relevant agreement on the stationing of russian peacekeeping personnel in the conflict area .
the south ossetia is a autonomous state in georgia , and has a border with the republic of north ossetia , russia .
after the disintegration of the former soviet union , it declared independence on its own and was in a state of confrontation with the georgian central government for a long time .
at present , russia has a 500 - member peacekeeping battalion in the region .
the unit was established in 1992 in russia 's north polyeshitaria , the republic of carolina , and the republic of korea .
four people in the hospital will be held responsible for the case of a major accident .
changchun , february 16 ( xinhua ) jilin province 's liaoyuan city hospital was hit by a fire in the city , which was confirmed by the accident investigation team , including the hospital electric squad leader and chief of the hospital 's electric squad , zhang diankun , will be sentenced to death for suspected major responsibility accidents .
on 15 december 2005 , the largest hospital in liaoyuan city , the fire broke out in the hospital , killing 39 people .
in this fire , the fire area has exceeded 5,000 square meters .
it is understood that this is the first time the medical and health system nationwide has ever since the founding of new china .
according to investigations , at about 1630 on the day of the incident , the hospital of liaoyuan city center suddenly stopped its power supply . according to the design of the hospital 's circuit , if the power supply is suspended , the power gates will jump to the deputy gate automatically and continue to maintain the normal power supply . however , the gates did not have the automatic gates at that time . the head of the electric power squad zhang diankun was forced to send
the underground cable , which was buffed by smoke at that time , was unusually tied with a dozen or so cables , and it should be very tidy to pack up the cables , and it is necessary to set up fire prevention layers .
therefore , 57 - year - old liaoyuan textile company 's electrical installation team leader zhao yongchun 's lianyuan power industry bureau retired cadre ( senior engineer ) sun fenglin , director of the department of electrical engineering , returned to the hospital to work with three people after retirement .
the first visit to guizhou in china 's village tourism industry was held in tianlong ,
guiyang , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to launch a new round of emergency rescue operation in tianlong village , tianlong town of tianlong town , guizhou province , on the morning of february 16 ,
at 10 : 30 in the morning , after the may 5 th anniversary event , the 80 - year - old zheng peimin , who was wearing a green shirt , sounded the first tourist attraction in guizhou , china 's rural village .
tianlong tuen mun village is a typical representative and a model tourist demonstration of the national village .
as a member of the late - army of the ming dynasty , the army of tsinghua has more than 600 years of history .
here , it is obvious that the blue sky is covered with a wide - hearted blue roam , and the ancient han culture and dressing jewelry are well preserved in tuen mun village .
it is understood that the tianlong village has relied on this cultural and traditional advantage to develop rural culture and tourism since 2002 . in 2005 , the income from ticket sales alone reached 3.8 - million yuan , and the total number of rural households in the village is 47,000 yuan , which is equivalent to the total sales of tourist goods through canopy and cantonese . the per capita income of the peasants has increased from over 1,300 yuan in 2002 to 2,240 yuan in 2005
yang shengming , director of the guizhou provincial tourism bureau , said that after the first tour of tianlong , tuen mun , the tourism industry will be able to learn about the new situation of new rural tourism . the new wind will be launched in guizhou this year . various rural tourism activities will reach 35 .
so far , more than 130 villages have launched various rural tourism projects in guizhou . by 2005 , the provincial tourism commission has more than 6 million rural households in the province extricated themselves from poverty through developing tourism .
in january , housing prices in 70 cities nationwide rose 5.5 percent , and housing prices in shanghai continued to drop
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to launch a new round of reform and opening up in the first half of this year , a rise of 5.5 percent over the same period last year .
the housing price in shanghai continued to slide .
the national development and reform commission ( ndrc ) announced on the 16 th that more than 70 large and medium cities sold their housing prices in january , a slight increase , and the buhhot and buttter increase exceeded 10 percent , while the sales price in shanghai continued to drop slightly .
according to the same statistics , in the first quarter of last year , the price of shanghai 's housing sales rose by 19.1 percent over the same period last year . after that , a turning point occurred , and a slight decline in the second half of last year was shown .
in january this year , 70 large and medium cities had a 6.99 percent increase in the prices of new commodities , a drop of 0.2 percentage points compared with last month .
the increase in the number of new houses in the cities with a higher increase in the same period in dalian , including the dormitories of the daqing 14.7 in shenzhen , 91.01/1/844 in beijing , down 3.1 percent in shanghai , compared with the same period last year .
the organization department of the cpc central committee has urged further efforts to strengthen supervision over the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres and cadres .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the central organization department recently issued a circular on strengthening cadre supervision work .
the opinions urged organization departments at all levels to proceed from strict management and care for cadres , and to carry out cadre supervision through the study and selection of cadres , the selection and appointment of cadres , and the management of routine work . they should establish and perfect the supervision mechanism for preventing the occurrence of a sudden and corrective work , and earnestly strengthen supervision over the selection , promotion , and appointment of leading cadres and cadres .
the opinions pointed out : the main task of supervising cadres in the organization departments is to supervise the leading bodies and leading cadres , and the focus is on strengthening supervision over the principal responsible persons of leading bodies . second , supervision over the selection and appointment of party and government cadres should be focused on the " regulations on the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing party and government leading cadres " in the implementation of the " regulations on the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing party and government leading cadres .
in the supervision of leading bodies and leading cadres , the opinions have pointed out that we should persistently and satisfactorily conduct education in ideals and convictions and in the fight against corruption and promoting clean government , and should permeate education with the training , selection , and management of cadres , guide and supervise leading cadres to strengthen party spirit cultivation , persist in building a party into a public administration , and build a strong ideological and moral defense line against corruption and degeneration .
the party should also make a speech on the newly promoted cadres ' positions , and should clearly set demands on the honesty and self - discipline .
it is necessary to urge leading bodies at all levels to uphold democratic centralism , establish and perfect rules and procedures for handling affairs , conscientiously implement the system of combining collective leadership with individual division of work .
we should give prominence to supervision over the principal responsible persons of leading bodies , and organize the responsible persons of the departments in charge of the work of the leading bodies at the next level to talk about their thinking and work style .
establish and perfect the system of supervision and management of leading cadres in daily life , and regularly understand and analyze the ideological and work style of the contingent of leading cadres and put forward views and measures for resolving problems .
we should implement a system of admonishing leading cadres to hold admonitory talks and letters , discover problems with symptoms , and hold timely admonitory talks or letters .
the conspicuous problems of leading cadres reflected by the masses should be seriously investigated and understood , and problems are indeed different .
at the same time , we should combine strengthening supervision with encouraging cadres to boldly explore new ways and blaze new trails , and pay attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the opinions demand that all levels of organization ( personnel ) departments should effectively strengthen supervision over the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing party and government leading cadres .
further improve the system of selecting cadres ' recommendation and nomination , and deliberate on and decide on the work of selecting and appointing cadres , and strictly implement the system of selecting and appointing cadres , so as to make a good start in the work of political reliability and the masses ' trust and trust in the work of selecting and promoting cadres at all levels .
we must strengthen the inspection of the implementation of the regulations on the appointment and promotion of cadres , strictly investigate and deal with the practices of violating the regulations on cadre appointment and appointment , and resolutely curb the unhealthy and corrupt practices in the use of personnel .
we should implement the system of supervising and checking the use of personnel in serious violation of regulations and step up supervision and investigation .
establish and perfect the system of investigating and affixing responsibility for the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres ; and scientifically define the main responsibility of the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres in accordance with the principle of unanimity in power and responsibility , clearly define the form of holding the responsibility , and intensify the investigation and affixing of the responsibility .
we should give full play to the role of mass supervision , establish and perfect a mechanism for making a clean and safe report .
give play to the role of supervision by public opinion , and report to the news media on the relevant situation of the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres in a timely manner , so as to subject themselves to supervision by public opinion .
the opinions put forward the need to further improve the mechanism for coordinating and coordinating the work of supervising cadres .
the organization ( personnel ) departments should strengthen coordination with discipline inspection organs and establish a mechanism for conducting investigation and study in relation to the work of improving the party 's work style and building a clean and honest administration of cadres , so as to enhance the joint strength of supervision .
and work with discipline inspection organs to earnestly do a good job in inspection work , improve the inspection methods , perfect the inspection system , and improve the quality of inspection .
in conjunction with the auditing organs , they have conscientiously carried out the system of economic responsibility auditing of leading cadres .
we should perfect the internal mechanism for supervising the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres in the organization department .
taiwan authorities ' use of illegal investment in mainland china as heavy penalty
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the taiwan authorities ' economic affairs department ( economic affairs ) decided on the 15th to punish the taiwan authorities for the united nations electronics shareholding limited ( unhcr ) , one of the largest cities in taiwan , on the grounds that the taiwan authorities have provided assistance in violation of regulations to establish a " taiwan independence " ship in the mainland .
taiwan 's chung - kuo shih - pao reported that this was a scene of an effective operation of management and an open - hearted cross - strait economic and trade policy that chen shui - bian put forward for taiwan businessmen 's first penalty on investing in the mainland .
according to reports , the taiwan economic ministry 's investment exam said that the joint telegraph was fined because it violated the regulations governing the relations between the people on both sides of the strait and the procedures for making investment or technical cooperation in the mainland region .
in the future , the trial will be conducted in a bid to review the situation and the former chairman of the joint committee , cao xingcheng , and others will be punished .
the buck - electric case began in february 2005 . at that time , taiwan 's procuratorial department mobilized 100 people to conduct a multi - level investigation on the internet . the office of several senior officials of the united microelectronics company was suspected of providing taiwan with the technology for investing in the mainland and for providing illegal funds and manpower resources to ship - made technology .
cao xingcheng , then chairman of the board of directors of the united alliance , openly said that the united nations electric power company did not violate any regulations of the taiwan authorities , and that the united nations has provided assistance to the company in its long - term interests for the united nations electric power industry . if it does not enter the mainland market as soon as possible , it will lose business opportunities .
subsequently , the taiwan authorities ' financial supervision and management committee , in violation of the regulations on disclosure of commercial information , opened a new nt $ 3 million fine to the united nations .
on 9 january 2006 , the board of directors of the united nations electric power group accepted cao xingcheng 's resignation . cao xingcheng was arrested for alleging that he had invested in the mainland in violation of regulations several hours later .
the united microsoft and taiwan 's cas ( known as the tokamil ) , which are known as taiwan 's crystal , are the leading high - tech enterprises on the island .
the taiwan authorities have been making a series of investigations and dealing with the united nations telegram over the past year , and this has attracted the great attention of people in all walks of life on the island .
2 nd ld - writethru : maimi - mai - vincent of my heart 's heart - won competition to chinese worldwide
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the second ministerial meeting of the macao sar , which was held in my heart , was held in beijing on the 17th to announce the results of the competition , which will collect the chinese worldwide for the chinese in their heart , as a melting works of the film .
the competition was jointly sponsored by the macao foundation and the baihua literature publishing house , " the chinese and macao cultural and art publishing house , " and the chinese writers association vice chairman chen jianli .
in 2004 , on the occasion of the fifth anniversary of macao 's return to the motherland , the first grand competition in my heart , the macao papua competition was held , and literature lovers at home and abroad responded positively , and the organizing committee received more than 8000 entries . more than 10 award - winning winners at home and abroad were invited to macao to receive awards .
wu chih - liang , executive member of the macao foundation , said at a press conference on 17 august that last year , the tuck of the historical district in macao was listed as a world heritage site , which not only means that the living style and community management model of the macao people have been affirmed by the world , but also means that the chinese people are able to get the same as the chinese people and the chinese people who are willing to be able to enjoy the traditional culture in macao
wu zhiliang said : it is precisely under such a good cultural atmosphere that the macao foundation and the baihua literature publishing house , " decided to cooperate again and hold the second spring festival in my heart , to be a mess competition .
according to a briefing , the " scattered text and the foreign edition " of the competition will open a special column to be selected for the competition on 1 september this year .
after the results of the selection process were revealed , the selection will be held in the macao sar in early 2007 .
shandong successfully implemented a baby child heart transplant operation
jinan , february 17 ( xinhua ) zhang yuqing and shen yao qin , the jinan military region 's cardiac disease research institute recently successfully implemented a drug treatment for infant infant heart transplant .
on the 17th , the reporter saw in the severe acute respiratory syndrome monitoring room that the infant with a face - to - face face face of the baby was in red , and all the monitoring and inspection indexes were normal , and all the dangerous period of operation was filled with a smooth life . the patient was playing with great interest the toys he bought .
the doctors who took the medical treatment on that day said that the patient from tai an rural in shandong was sent to hospital by his parents , and his entire body was green and purple , breathing , and she was found to have contracted the purifia antenna anonymous heart disease through inspection .
the heart transplant operation is the most difficult and most dangerous operation in the heart operation .
in particular , the child care centre under one year is now operating in the country .
the jinan military region 's blood disease research institute has organized experts to conduct repeated demonstrations and carefully designed the operation and after - the - art custody plan , and conducted independent innovation of the blood - borne cooling methods , and conducted animal experiments .
at 08:00 on 28 december 2005 , the operation officially began .
the heart of the body was a patient who was found to have breathing and diarrhea because of the disease .
the operation must coincide with the six blood pipes , with more than 510 injections , and each needles less than three millimetres .
the operation was successfully completed in a period of 295 minutes .
china 's state administration of safety : coal mine safety starts major accidents
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the four cases of suspected sars in one of the four consecutive cases occurred in beijing , the first one in the past year , and the severe situation in the national production safety situation caused serious accidents such as the suppression of coal mines to become the main cause of the national security supervision work this year .
this reporter learned from the state administration of production safety supervision and administration on 17 july that it is necessary to truly curb the occurrence of major accidents such as coal mines and other major accidents , and coal mines are the most important .
this year , the general administration of coal mine safety will focus on the following three issues :
wow continues to be a tough battle .
the state council has decided to cut the production of the warehouse before it is put into prominent positions this year .
if the gas mine is not allowed to take out its drilling before it is put into operation , it is necessary to order it to stop production immediately .
prc : qiushi article on rectifying and closing of enterprises
we should make public the 5243 public notice to society , and the number of such reports recently reported by various localities and over 700 coal mines that have been closed down to the truth .
we should regard closing down enterprises as routine work , and constantly close down those enterprises that are incapable of causing pollution to resources and are unable to meet the safety requirements .
the safety management of coal mines should be strengthened .
we must immediately rectify the phenomenon of a small number of large state - owned mines managing their slopes , guide the disorderly management of small mines , and establish a standardized security management system .
in particular , we must grasp key state - owned coal mines and absolutely not allow super - capable and excessive production of surplus personnel .
this year 's safety production and control targets demand that all types of accidents have dropped by 3-3 percent over last year , among which coal mines have dropped by 3.5 percent .
the exceptionally serious accident that killed more than 10 people once dropped by 5 percent , of which the coal mine dropped by 7 percent .
these control targets have been assigned to people 's governments at all levels , and localities are now dispersing into grassroots units and enterprises .
the statistics show that the number of people killed in the coal mine accident in 2005 dropped by 0.79 percent compared with the same period last year .
however , the occurrence of an extraordinarily serious accident involving more than 10 people was raised by 66.6 percent over the same period last year .
barroso urges parties to play positive role in kosovo 's future
belgrade , february 17 ( xinhua ) the world bank has decided to set up a new committee for the european union ( eu ) to promote the development of the european union ( eu ) in the wake of the outbreak of the kosovo war , said the president of the commission , barroso , here today
barroso met with the president of the council of the provisional authority of kuwait , serbian serbian serbian serbian serbian serb representative , and others on the same day , saying that the parties concerned in kosovo should adopt a tolerant attitude and establish a democratic and multi - ethnic kosovo , a country that respects the government 's ruling power and protects the rights and interests of minority nationalities , and is recognized by the international community .
he also stressed that the european commission would do its best to help kosovo develop .
barroso also expressed his gratitude to kosovo for its current eight criteria for implementing the un 's eight standard standards .
he said that the implementation of these standards is an important factor affecting the integration of kosovo and europe .
he also called on all serbian people in kosovo to join various organizations in kosovo to make unremitting efforts to realize democracy and multi - ethnic integration in kosovo .
barroso arrived in kosovo on that day to begin his first day visit to kosovo .
before this , barroso had visited croatia and serbia and montenegro , and he will also visit macedonia and bosnia - herzegovina .
( winter olympics , stimulant ) news analysis : sending a large - scale kidnapping incident may be uncertain .
duan , february 17 ( xinhua ) news analysis : it is possible that the incident of sending a venerea to the united states may be uncertain
xinhua news agency reporter gao ying
although italy has repeatedly said that turin winter olympics was being uncovered by the use of stimulant athletes during the winter olympics , it may be facing the devil of hell , but it is now seen from various situations that such a situation is not too likely to occur at this winter olympics .
duling winter olympics games opens on 16 april , the first stimulant scandal since the opening ceremony , o said he sent lena to find out the use of illegal drugs .
the international olympic committee announced the following day that the sending of leonid was left by the winter olympics . she won the winter gift at this winter olympics . she won the gold medal of 15 kilometers in the women 's competition .
the two international winter parades made a positive response to the issue of the three - year ban on the group of the same day .
the ioc has always stipulated that athletes are found to be using stimulant at the olympics and will be eliminated and deprived of the qualification for participating in the olympic games .
however , according to the italian law , athletes carry and use stimulants are criminal acts , and the judiciary has the right to directly arrest and investigate the use of stimulant athletes , so as to test the law on their body for three months to three years .
last december , the ioc and the italian government , after a year of hard - pressed bargaining , finally reached an agreement , and the two sides agreed to hold a meeting in accordance with the italian law during this winter olympics .
through the unremitting efforts of the ioc , italy has made a four - day concession before the opening of the winter olympics , and promised that the police will not enter the olympic village to search the athletes ' place during the winter olympics games , but the pharmaceutical prosecutors will still accept investigations by italian procuratorial organs .
it is reported that the italian government overtakes officials of the duverin winter olympics games , and perry has sent the stimulant incident to the dutch prosecutor 's office .
however , the ioc and perry have not confirmed this matter .
the two teams of russia 's winter team , andrev , revealed at noon on 17 april that sending leaf had left turin and returned to the country .
he was once a member of the chinese sports official who had been working in the world anti - doping organization for many years , and said that once he sent a leftist to china , this matter could eventually be resolved without a single deal .
shi said that the ioc and the italian government have been fighting against doping at the winter olympics , and there has been no way of resolving the problem of the disease , even if italian procuratorial organs really intervene in the matter , it is hard to say that the result is not so .
in the past , italy used stimulant to use italian athletes , the penalty case for those who violated the law was the most severe punishment .
therefore , senior italian security news reporter pierre said that sending a leaf to prison is likely to be a mess of the magnates , and most of the amount of fines is imposed .
pelieli also said that although the italian court can hold a trial , italian police cannot go abroad to send the leonid back to prison .
if a leaf refused to accept the ruling , italy would not have to take her .
xinhua reports on new epidemic situation in countries around the world
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the new bird flu case has been further spread in the african continent , according to a report by xinhua news agency on february 18 th .
the world health organization confirmed on the 17th that three birds have been found in egypt .
in europe and france , for the first time , the five - type bird flu virus was discovered , and the european union was highly vigilant against this virus , thus strengthening the measures for preventing the disease .
the who 's east mediterranean region adviser hassan bush told the press on 17 april that the two countries are currently working in cairo and the southern mina region .
experts pointed out that egypt is the most important source of migratory birds in the middle east and north africa , and the migratory birds are likely to be carrying the bird flu virus into the country .
egypt has announced that it is forbidden to import live poultry from abroad and has strengthened quarantine work at border ports .
the winner of the zambian capital of yawi has been resting 800 chickens in the past week .
cameroon has decided to temporarily suspend the import of all poultry and poultry from nigeria , and to suspend the import of all poultry and pork from the two countries ' markets .
the cameroon government has also built a comprehensive network covering the territory within a short period of time , and the country 's bashar center and the national veterinary medical laboratory are also in an emergency state of emergency to carry out any emergency repair work at any time concerning the 501 viruses .
in europe , denmark and sweden , the epidemic situation was initially ruled out on 17 april .
the veterinary institute of sweden issued a notice on the dead geese found on wednesday , indicating that the royal royal virus in sweden had no human infection .
the preliminary laboratory results of the danish veterinary authority also showed that the 30 dead bodies found in denmark have not been infected with the virus recently .
however , the agricultural department said denmark should not take this lightly .
eastern europe has seen nine bird flu - related cases since the beginning of this year , and experts of the world health organization said in bucharest on the 17th that there are almost all bird flu cases in the danube delta region , and romania may have to take this situation seriously , so that it may be able to continually be threatened by the bird flu in the next three or five years .
in bangladesh , asia , the government has taken all necessary measures to prevent the disease .
the government home and livestock service ( gmb ) has provided the relevant officials with a book on the prevention of avian flu , and has also organized poultry keeping personnel to conduct training .
( newspaper clippings ) china 's first blood information management system built in zhejiang
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the first chinese sharing blood information data data management and control network system has recently been officially launched in the center and put into use in the center .
a responsible person of the zhejiang blood center said that this means that any citizen will be allowed to have a blood show in any county ( city ) in zhejiang province for blood donation without compensation . there will be an unparalleled generation code record .
the person in charge further explained that if the data are imported into the relevant code , the system shows that the insolvent donor has not yet arrived , it will be inconsistent with the current donation conditions .
this will not only protect the blood donors ' own health , but also effectively protect the health and safety of the blood users .
in addition , when blood supply is in a tense situation , the donor and his relatives have the right to use blood . as long as you enter the valid travel document of the donor , you can immediately show the blood donor information , it is quite convenient .
according to a report in hangzhou 's " morning post " today , the information system has been installed in all 36 blood - borne organs throughout the province , and all blood - borne blood resources of various blood - receiving organs in the province can also be real - time , thus realizing data sharing in the entire province .
to prevent the recurrence of the mountain landslides , 11 villages in the philippines have evacuated again .
manila , february 18 ( xinhua ) philippine local officials said on the 18th that in the eastern philippines , 11 villages in eastern philippines were in order to prevent another occurrence of similar landslides .
the official of the southern leitan province , royal reias , said that these villages had a sharp contrast with the village that had a mountain - skating slope on the 17th , and had similar characteristics .
the 11 villagers who left the village will be relocated to seven centers for withdrawal .
leyales said : the government yesterday ordered a withdrawal of residents and sent people to check the situation of these villages today because some people do not want to leave their homes .
the mountain landslide on the 17th occurred in the southern legend town of seseksk , southern legend province . viewed from the tv picture , the soil and the stone have buried the entire village . they can only see the roofs of several roofs .
since the soil is very thick and humidity , the people who are buried under the trees can survive very uncertainty .
at present , 109 people have been killed and 57 others have been rescued .
it is estimated that the number of deaths caused by this accident may reach as high as 1,800 .
( overseas chinese in southern fujian province ) quan zhou , july 1
fuzhou , february 19 ( xinhua ) guo yu , who is on the rise in foreign trade exports in january this year , continued to maintain a high speed of growth .
according to customs statistics , exports in january totaled $ 330 - million , creating the best record in history , up 35.2 percent over the same period last year .
according to the analysis of quanzhou city foreign economic bureau , the reason why quanzhou 's foreign trade in january could grow rapidly was mainly due to the fact that the state has adopted many foreign trade support measures in quanzhou , with the enthusiasm of enterprises in export growing high , quanzhou 's economic operation being brisk , enterprises ' confidence in operating , and the highly efficient and unimpeded foreign trade development environment .
