among them , the " no - smoking " information was found to have been found in two mobile phones in the pompai princess margaret hospital .
afp , london , june 6 , 2007 ( afp )
london , march 15 , 2007 ( afp ) the two platforms were registered in the princess diana in 1997 , the death toll survey data was reported to be from the former metro police general , the police headquarters , to be stolen .
the report pointed out that the stealing case has caused people to speculate that the computer might have hidden a number of weapons from the former metropolis police chief , mr stony st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. j. , chief superintendent .
however , a senior official of the metro city police bureau said that the police had been investigating the case in the computer .
" the chinese government has always attached great importance to the development of the relations between the two countries and the two countries , " mr smith said .
the report said that the company had been operating in the vicinity of the nisaba police bureau over the past 10 days .
first , the incident of the explosion of a bus on the runway of the airport was reported on january 28 and 29 .
norway 's police officers have also indicated that they have no evidence to show that the two stealing cases and the stolen property were not related to the human rights of the sir edward .
" the chinese government has always been pursuing the matter of the prince of wales 's concubine , not directly directing the cause of the accident .
the royal autopsy post , bruce , ordered the death toll to continue to track the related evidence in 2004 .
the death toll in princess diana was confirmed to have been confirmed in a traffic accident at the paris tunnel on august 31 , 1997 .
french police arrested two men and two women , aged between 22 and 39 , for wine driving and taking drugs .
sri lanka 's war preparedness agrees to hold talks in geneva in late october
afp , lilun , july 7 .
the home affairs department ( usa ) has been informed of the progress of the peace process in the country on the 22 nd , the statement said .
norway 's peace envoy solana said in a speech at the london meeting with the president of the people 's liberation army ( liberia ) in london that the two sides had reached agreement on the issue .
norway 's embassy in china issued a statement saying that the chinese government would not allow the country to intervene in the conflicts in sri lanka .
the two - day talks will focus on how to strengthen the negotiations on the issue of the implementation of the ceasefire agreement on february 23 , 2002 , and the agreement has not been fully observed by both sides .
norway embassy pointed out that the two sides will discuss how to improve the implementation of the cease - fire agreement , which is also the first time that both sides have reached agreement on the issue of the ceasefire at such a high level in the past three years .
sony haymir said that he would lead a norwegian team to participate in the negotiations , and frankly liberated the tiger organization .
he said : the cockpit is a road leading to peace .
the solution of the sri lankan racial conflicts was a face - to - face negotiation between march 2003 and march 2003 .
du lin , director of the national olympic committee , said at the opening ceremony of the doha winter olympics that the south and north korean team would join hands in admission to the event .
afp , italy .
article 20 . the winter olympics of the 20th century will be held in dulin today . during the cold war , each other is the enemy 's south and north korea , and the two delegations will compete in the games .
south korean women 's volleyball team winner lee po - lang and north korean man - style skin skipping player han jen were respectively the first group to take charge of the two countries ' team , leading south korea 's north korea team to winter sports grounds .
this is the first time that south korea and north korea have reached a record in the winter olympics .
to reflect the recent trend of the development of the two sides , the chinese government has decided to establish a national unity council in the summer of 2005 and the athens summer olympics in 2004 .
north korea also did not participate in the us salt lake city .
the korean peninsula was returned to china in 1948 and became a country practicing capitalism and communism .
the nanfang dushi north korean leader announced in mid - 2000 the peace summit that both sides had turned around .
according to traditional , greek team is the first team to enter the country . in the competition , the greek team won the championship in 80 countries .
the landlord 's national salvation team won the final round .
holbrooke said that he was lucky to have a good start in the performing arts .
afp , new york , 16 th .
the " falungong " cult , which is recognized as the most popular wish , is a place where the costa boxer is bleak : a person who has blew his blood to white , cypriot , is a man who has been a man who has been indulged in a wild and unpopular in drugs and wine , and later lucky was successful .
holbrooke said in an interview with the columbia broadcasting company 's press magazine that she had been " shocked " when she was visiting the united states at the time .
at that time , he was only 20 , and just got off from the new york university drama department , and entered the age of 50 - colored society . he was living in a rapid speed of living , and finally got him to a coma .
he said in his 22 - year - old age that he had been admitted to the hospital .
the upcoming " three - step " summit of osaka will be held next month .
in this regard , he was superb and superb .
this man , aged 38 , was arrested during the visit .
he said : he has been very enviable to envy those who were born in 19th and suddenly become a little chimes .
the avian flu is still being spread in four european countries , including the people in the island of helsinki and the united states , and the people in the region are anxious about the avian flu .
afp , brussels , january 16 th
the avian influenza virus is continuing to spread in europe .
eu executive committee approves reestablishment of new government
the african countries and nigeria have found the deadly milk in the 51st virus .
egypt 's officials are investigating the death of a baby farm in southern egypt .
europe 's chicken meat market has been affected by the virus , and the large - scale decline of the eu executive committee has stressed that there is no reason to panic .
the executive committee is responsible for health and food safety executive committee member chavez said that the public are concerned about this matter .
following the implementation of the virus previously stipulated , the three - kilometer protection zone and 10 - kilometer warning zone , the eu executive committee again donated a new stipulation to transmit the virus to europe .
first , a japanese man who was unwilling to be named pointed out that each person should be very nervous and very nervous . they went to the united states to handle the matter of the coming from europe every day and that the epidemic had already erupted .
europe 's population is still at the lowest level , with a total of 100.000 mileton , a slight increase in greek costumes , mila , and russia .
romania has been confirmed to have been in serious condition for the 31 st case on the 16 th , the country 's top - ranking western player , the country 's top - ranking player , and germany 's kurds .
the italian government has also been in the south of the country for the discovery of the virus on two yolu bodies .
eu officials are now most concerned about the upcoming eu - china summit .
nwanda , the government is stepping up its work to prevent the spread of virus in the african continent .
niger government announced that all the oil companies that have been infected with the virus are in the area of a five - kilometer area near the fangyuan farm . no matter whether they have been threatened by the virus , they will be destroyed .
the neighboring countries of nigeria have announced that it will enter the country 's alert and will spend $ 4 million on emergency measures .
the newly established state development planning commission said that the troops received a report on the situation in the two countries ' police sheds .
china electronics bank ( china ) business management regulations to be published on 1 march
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 6 , by wire ( reporter jie xu ) from the chinese bank of china ( pboc ) , the banking regulatory commission ( cbrc ) recently issued a " procedures for managing business of electronic banks " and the " guidelines for the electronic bank 's security assessment " on march 1 , 2006 .
the banking regulatory commission spokesman said that according to the management procedures , the bank of china will be responsible for examination and approval of foreign - funded financial institutions , that is , foreign banks will be allowed to set up online banking business . if it is necessary to increase the number of new online banking services , the branch should be responsible for reporting and managing the business of the branch within china .
to standardize the commercial banks ' use of the internet to conduct banking business , in june 2001 , the people 's bank of china formulated and promulgated the " interim procedures on managing business of internet banks . "
the banking regulatory commission spokesman said that with the rapid development of the electronic banking business of commercial banks , the interim procedures are no longer suited to the development of the e - banking risk supervision . the banking regulatory commission has drawn up two new regulations for this .
according to the banking regulatory commission 's spokesman , the banking regulatory commission has made a comprehensive assessment of the quality of the institutions of safety evaluation , and is different from those of the nature of the administrative license for trade access or enterprises ' access to the market . it is not necessary to assess the organization 's work of electronic banking security evaluation . it is only a reference for the institutions of assessment .
only by safety assessment can the safety assessment organs meet the relevant conditions and requirements , and even if they have not obtained the credentials of the banking regulatory commission , the financial institutions can also recruit them to carry out the electronic bank security assessment . however , they should manage the work according to relevant regulations .
the " electronic banking business management method " contains a total of 9 chapters and 99 articles , which are divided into eight categories , namely , general application and change of risk management , exchange of data exchange and transfer of management outside of the management of cross - border business activities , management of foreign exchange business activities , supervision of law - based management , and so on .
the " electronic bank security assessment guidelines " contains a total of 57 articles , and are divided into three parts , namely , the safety evaluation organization , the safety assessment system , the implementation of the project of the safety evaluation campaign , and five parts .
the " mao zedong zhou enlai " was born in 1968 .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 6 , the editor - in - chief of the central literature research center , mao zedong , zhou enlai , zhu de , deng xiaoping , and jiang zemin , published a book entitled " the study of mao zedong 's works " , which was recently published and distributed by the central literature publishing house .
we should profoundly and practically conduct investigation and study , adhere to the integration of theory with practice , and draw up and implement the correct line , principles , and policies , which are the basic guiding principles for the reform of the revolutionary system and the basic work method for the reform of the revolutionary system of the communist party of china .
comrade mao zedong 's works on the silk road , which was a famous silk - shaped seed of the deng xian , and some other revolutionaries of the older generation , have published many important and quiet articles on the investigation and research issue . they also frequently went to the grass - roots level to personally do social surveys and wrote many surveys .
they were engaged in investigation and research and obtained achievements . they have played a positive role in guiding the cause of the party and the people to develop along the correct path .
the " mao zedong zhou enlai " was born in 1968 .
these surveys have mostly been conducted in the first public .
in addition , there are two articles on the " one china " principle in the 1950 s and 1960 s .
russia reiterates adherence to one - china policy
xinhua news agency , moscow , february 6 , russian vice foreign minister alekov met with visiting chinese ambassador to russia li zhaoxing on 6 february . he reiterated that russia adheres to the one - china stand .
the two sides exchanged views on bilateral relations and international and regional issues of common concern .
russia will continue to adhere to the one - china principle and firmly support china 's efforts to realize the great cause of national reunification .
last year , the npc adopted the " anti - secession law " to further strengthen the cooperation between the two countries .
the two sides exchanged views on bilateral relations and international and regional issues of common concern .
( overseas ) china 's foreign affairs office calls for a new round of talks with south african president
xinhua news agency , johannesburg , february 6 , by reporter ming chen
according to the statistics of the free provincial chinese federation of china , the incident occurred at the village of the burundi northwest of burundi , more than 130 kilometers northwest of burundi .
at that time , the owner , lin yixing , was on the rooftop to prepare to end his day business .
at that time , there were three customers in the store , one of them , one of them was carrying a gun to the station and carrying out robbery .
over the past 40 years , lin yixing and the robbers fought in the battle , and the robbers waged a fierce battle with lin yixing , and later fled .
the " falungong " followers who were hurriedly rushed to the scene sent lin yixing to the hospital for medical treatment . because of the sudden emergence of the body of lin yixing , the body of the whole body of the body of the whole body , the cause of the disease was not cut off , and about half of the dead were dead at about 3 : 30 a. m . on 6 february .
on 6 february , the chinese embassy in the consulate in consulate general in york xu dequan , who was involved in the incident and the chinese association of fujian , vice president of the chinese association of fujian , and others rushed to the burundi city to help the family members of the deceased to deal with the aftermath of the incident .
lin yixing became the first person to be elected as a member of the public security bureau of the chinese people who was shot and killed by the culprits in south africa this year .
( press , periodical ) shanghai : china 's permanent staff members and graduates from institutions of higher learning have become the main force in work
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 7 , the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau released the report on the latest hour of work hours in 2006 .
according to the statistics of the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau , the number of employees in shanghai at present is over 200 .
according to the zhongguo qingnian bao , the number of graduates and workers working in colleges is an important component of the work force of an hour .
through the investigation and study of nearly 8,000 hours of work , the party committee and the state council have conducted a thorough investigation of the percentage of staff members who are both part - time .
the total number of workers who have both the same rank of the service is generally higher , and the work of a relatively strong technical position , such as translation , part - time staff , is as high as 81.7 percent , and fitness level is 61.6 percent .
gao said that the high income is an important reason why many people are engaged in an hour - time job .
according to information , some positions will be monthly income .
to meet the needs of individual interests in expanding their knowledge , it is also a short time for workers to receive their full - time job .
if the person who has served as a department of human resources , or a manager of a certain enterprise , he will collect several hours a week to deal with a foreign representative office .
gu angran held that the most important job is the lack of a sense of knowledge .
as some hours of work are still low , the employment threshold is flexible and the work form is gradually being freely freely freely welcomed by many graduates who are now seeking employment , and there are 14,000 job - seekers in the past three years .
the first thing i did n't know .
college students , huang xianhuang , came to work in a short time after graduation , and finally found a hotel .
the impact of the current work on me is quite satisfactory . one hour , 100 yuan , and the environment is good . i am now going to do it more .
according to information , the number of hours of work has become a number of jobs currently employed by graduates .
the graduates are working hours , mainly focusing on the knowledge - based and technical - energy industries .
the hour works will be completed by the end of this year .
the data showed that the number of hours of hours - time employees was the number of unemployed personnel , which was 39.9 percent of the total number of unemployed personnel in retail categories .
wu bangguo pointed out in his inspection of anhui : in the past year , the province has made remarkable achievements in the work of inspecting work in anhui .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 8th , by reporter hongwen zhou
on 6 february , the us government announced the decision to establish a special economic zone in the southern part of the city of anshan , which has listed companies in the rural areas and institutes of higher learning .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui has a history of carrying forward the western hybrid project of lianhe , which is the most important place in china 's agriculture , natural resources , and industrial base .
anhui should closely seize the opportunity of promoting the rise of central china ,
we should sum up in good time the experience gained from practice , fully rely on the people , vigorously support reform and innovation , and continuously open up new prospects for anhui 's work .
we should actively promote the building of a harmonious society , persist in placing the realization of the goal of maintaining good order and maintaining good order for the development of the broadest masses of the people as the starting point and the end - result of all our work , actively create conditions , gradually resolve the practical problems of the masses of difficulties , gradually change the distribution relationship between urban and rural areas , and gradually narrow the gap between different regions , safeguard social justice , and make the overall achievements of reform and development
wu bangguo stressed : the chinese government has already arrived at a time when it is necessary to rely more on the efforts to make independent innovations and improve the quality of workers to promote economic and social development . only by vigorously promoting scientific and technological progress and innovation can we achieve the leap in the quality of productive forces and promote economic and social development to the orbit of scientific development .
we should establish and improve the system of social security system that is conducive to innovation , increase investment in science and technology , encourage patents , develop well - known brand names , and speed up the transformation of scientific and technological achievements into real productive forces , and strengthen the status of enterprises as the mainstay in independent innovation , and continuously raise the contribution rate of scientific and technological progress to economic growth .
we should support and encourage technical elements to participate in distribution and establish and improve a system of scientific research and development that embody the ability of independent innovation , and study and formulate a system of financial and taxation policies and government procurement to support independent innovation , so as to create a policy system that encourages independent innovation .
we should , in the whole society , cultivate a sense of innovation , vigorously advocate the spirit of daring to innovate and be bold in competition , and strive to create a good atmosphere of talent coming out in large numbers .
wu bangguo pointed out : the npc should play a role in administering the country according to law and building a socialist country ruled by law .
to do a good job of the work of the people 's congresses under the new situation , we must , first , adhere to the correct political orientation and unswervingly follow the road of socialist political development with chinese characteristics , and regard upholding the party 's leadership over the people being the masters of their own affairs and governing the country according to law .
second , we should closely center our work around the overall situation of the party and the state , closely center our work around major issues of reform , development , and stability , closely center our efforts on hot and difficult issues that are of universal concern to the people and the masses , and continuously enhance the actual results of the work of the people 's congresses .
third , we should give play to the characteristics and advantages of the people 's congresses ' work , uphold democratic centralism , handle affairs according to the procedures in strict accordance with the law , and make collective decisions .
we should persist in taking the mass line , take people as the foundation , and exercise power for the people , show concern for the people , and serve the people .
china has proposed the next 15 years to cut off major scientific research plans .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 9 , by wire ( reporter xing li ) - china 's international competitiveness has been greatly boosted by the promotion of sustainable development and the realization of key leaps and bounds . the " mid - and long - term scientific and technological development program for the state " ( 2006-2020 ) , which was issued on 9 february , has been made four major scientific research plans .
this four cardinal principles are the core of the protein research and quantitative control research .
the outline points out that the protein science is the most important part of the fierce contention among developed countries .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on studying important biomass systems .
the outline also believes that the quantitative regulation and control research has clear - sightedness and may be completed in 2030 .
china must focus on studying the characteristics of measuring telecommunications .
in addition , the outline pointed out that the nanotechnology has become the most important factor in raising the core competitiveness of many countries and is also the key to china 's hope to achieve leap - forward development .
in the next 15 years , china will play a more active role in this field .
china 's population growth is large , and the birth defects are many , and the transplant organs are seriously short , and the aging peak is about to come . therefore , it is urgently necessary to develop the theory of reproductive and breeding science and to make technological innovations .
according to the outline , the number of people who have been elected in the year 2006 - 2020 will be mainly studied in china , such as increasing fertilizer and control , and the birth rate of the human body will be confined to maturity and reproductive functions , and the mechanism of supporting the reproductive and reproductive nature of the human body will be ensured .
shanghai 's real estate market index fell nearly 7 percent last year .
xinhua news agency , shanghai , february 9 , by wire ( reporter ting huang ) the state will provide financial support to the macro regulation and control policies of real estate industry in 2005 .
according to the latest statistics , the number of people who were killed in the shanghai real estate industry last year was more than 200 million , or more than half of the total .
among them , the prices of residential goods increased by 7.7 percent from a year earlier .
shanghai 's industrial output value has reached a new high in the first half of this year , said pan jianxin , director of the shanghai municipal bureau of statistics , at a press conference . the average price of shanghai 's commodity housing was 698 yuan / square meters , 313 yuan higher than in 2004 .
the total value of retail sales for all of the goods rose by 9.2 percent over the previous year , and the increase was 6.6 percentage points lower than the same period last year .
the total amount of real estate industry added to the year was 67.0.23 billion yuan , down 4.111 percent from the previous year .
in the financial institutions ' outstanding loans , the balance of the loans in personal housing loans was 26.449 billion yuan , and the newly added mortgage loans were only 1.4440 billion yuan in the year , and the new loans in 2004 reached 78.09 billion yuan .
pan jianxin said : the " three stresses " education in shanghai 's real estate market for the whole year has been stable at the sales prices of commercial houses .
statistics show that the number of people who have been killed in the first half of 2005 was 38,844 , down by 25.7 percent from the same period last year .
2001-2005 annual housing sales prices are at a relatively low level , an increase of 9.7 percent over the previous year , and a drop of 6.2 percentage points over the previous year .
according to him ,
sales areas of 315.8870,000 square meters , down 9.9 555 percent .
the total sales of commercial buildings was 2163.3 billion yuan , an increase of 4.5555 percent over the previous year .
the two light plane crashed in new zealand
xinhua news agency , wellington , february 9 , two new zealand light plane crashed in the capital of wellington on the 9th , killing about 100 kilometers ( 1000 miles ) north of huizhou , causing two injuries to the plane .
according to local civil aviation departments , the number of passengers and passengers on the two planes is expected to reach 35,000 , according to the official responsible for the local civil aviation department .
after the incident , the two planes were in the midst of non - air control zones and were flying at such a high altitude as the regulations . when flying in such a zone , the pilots should be responsible for the navigation and security of the planes .
first , a man was killed and a woman was injured when the accident happened .
another one is a military officer .
at present , the cause of the collision is not clear . the local civil aviation department will take appropriate action to this end .
( overseas ) china 's foreign affairs office , chinese community strongly condemns chen shui - bian 's [ ch'en shui - bian ] taiwan independence remarks
xinhua news agency , buenos aires , february 8 , ( reporter : cao yu ) the china national tourism administration ( cfocco ) , established by the overseas chinese and chinese residing in argentina , issued a solemn statement on 8 february strongly condemning chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence in order to oppose any attempt to separate taiwan from china .
the statement said that chen shui - bian 's " three links " in his speech on 29 january claimed that he wanted to abolish the national unification council and the national unification guidelines .
the two sides of the strait have a deep understanding of the hope of peace and the desire of taiwan compatriots for peace and stability and development .
the statement pointed out that firmly opposing and curbing the taiwan independence movement , and firmly safeguarding the taiwan strait 's peace and stability and still being the main source of the taiwan compatriots and the chinese people in the world at present .
the statement stressed that argentina 's china council for promoting peaceful reunification is willing to join all chinese people who uphold the one - china principle in argentina 's overseas chinese and chinese communities , and resolutely oppose any form of taiwan independence , which is too busy and actively pushing forward china 's peaceful reunification .
china 's experts : us preaching china 's military threat is no exception .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 9 , by wire ( reporter xuanliang li ) - - the pentagon of the united states recently submitted a report to congress on the " four - year defense assessment report " to probe china 's most important , which might constitute a military challenge to the united states .
experts believe that this is a major contribution to china 's normal national defense construction .
the " four years of defense assessment " is a report on the pentagon 's new national defense guidance .
this report , which lasted 92 pages , has been published in three parts , on the issue of china 's military strength and the countermeasures it should take . the report has reported 15 directly to the united states on china 's rise or the cause of china 's revolution , which is the two expressions of the same words , and it says that it is a major and emerging power , and china has the greatest potential to compete with the united states . if the united states does not have any anti - china
china 's academy of military sciences ( cass ) 's world military research department , yao yunzhu , said : although high ranking us officials have repeatedly expressed similar views , this is the first time that the united states has published its national defense strategy report , which has the most possible impact on the us military .
the dow report was first unequivocally divided russia into the big china in the emerging strategic opponent , especially in the us - china relations of so - called silk military threat .
china 's academy of military sciences researcher peng guangqian said .
what merits attention is that the united states has made a major breakthrough in the " four - year defense assessment report " on the same day .
the united states , which has been trying to play a role in the military actions in iraq and afghanistan , will have to pay $ 1 billion in the budget for fiscal 2007 .
peng guangqian said : the united states ' guess of the theory of the threat of other countries reflects the fact that the pentagon has always made the enemy 's image of being too weak to make it . its true purpose is to win more national defense funds and provide a favorable external environment for the huge us arms industrial group .
experts said that compared with the huge amount of military spending of the united states , china 's national defense spending is quite limited .
zeng peiyan , minister of national defense , who has participated in several military affairs white papers in china , said : in the 1990 s , with the development of the economy , china 's national defense spending has increased somewhat . however , the proportion of national financial expenditure in the same period has generally shown a decline .
the official figures show that the number of people who were killed in the war in 2004 was 25.9 percent , compared with 1979 .
2001-2005 china 's national defense spending was $ 24.56 - billion , an increase of only 5.7 percent from the united states , and the per capita military spending was only about $ 2.6 - billion from the united states , and the per capita military spending was about $ 1 - billion of the us military .
the united states ' territory is vast and vast in china .
peng guangqian said :
china 's arms control and disarmament association research director wang guangya said that the united states should objectively assess china 's military construction .
the " 2004 china international convention on national defense " says that china firmly supports the path of peaceful development . china has implemented a defensive national defense policy .
china 's past and present are not so strange in the future .
so far , china has not established diplomatic relations with any other country .
professor li yiping , professor at the beijing university institute of international relations , said : china and the united states should establish a channel to increase communication and exchanges and enhance understanding and mutual trust and comprehensively promote the development of sino - us constructive and cooperative relations in the new century and jointly promote the maintenance of world peace and development .
( winter olympic games )
xinhua news agency , dubai , february 9 , by reporter yan ying
on 9 july , the winter olympic games in dudu was scheduled to be held in the press . the exciting arrangements for the opening ceremony was revealed to reporters .
as to the opening ceremony , chairman of the organizing committee , carter , expressed his confidence in the opening of the meeting . he said at a press conference that the opening ceremony was to cost 10 million euros , which will pool the top - notch talent in all fields in italy .
he said : on 10 october , the night will be a very difficult night .
the emotional marvelous cockpit was a bright sunshine of five minianes of peace , and the silence of alps and the white snow of alps in alps .
italy 's famous design and designer , maria maria , specially designed the garments at the opening ceremony , and famous fashion brands of italy will provide a golden opportunity for the athletes ' admission ceremony .
however , italy 's famous men , laureate , has not been able to play the role of the national anthem at the opening ceremony . the organizing committee will raise this reminder to the end .
8 women who are able to spray flames and flames of flames will be used in the short duration of three meters to show that the flames are burning , and they will take the 70 km of the training ground several times to reach the goal .
the organizing committee officials held that this was the first time they had performed this time .
and on how to point out the torchbearers , the organizing committee did not reveal the details ahead of schedule , but as high as 57 - meter main torchbearers would light the torchbearers in the vicinity .
( international ) white house announces bush 's plan to visit china in march
xinhua news agency , washington , february 9 , by wire ( reporter yi li ) - - us white house spokesman mcclellan said at a press conference on the 9th that although the preemptive islamic tahemy mohammed mohammad was being triggered in the islamic world , the united states has not yet decided to take any action in accordance with the plan to visit pakistan and india in march .
mcclellan said that the bush administration is looking forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he also said that the current time is being set for this visit .
mcclellan said that he was " very happy " to have a chance to meet with the chinese government and people .
in january this year , bush announced at the white house the " no haste , be patient " policy toward pakistan .
bush also said that the united states would pay a visit to china at the invitation of the pakistani and indian governments .
( international ) chinese president calls hamas to step up efforts to break new israeli - palestinian conflict
xinhua news agency , las vegas , february 9 ( reporter ) the hamas organizing committee of the hamas government to seek a breakthrough in the cabinet of hamas in the hope of a breakthrough in the palestinian - israeli peace process
xinhua news agency , beijing , april 22 ,
the palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) has won the approval of the legislative council after the victory of the election .
hamas will promote what kind of new policy it will implement directly affect the peace process 's next step .
at the same time , the united states and israel have been even more disgusted with the hamas government 's future .
at present , all parties in palestine are stepping up consultations to hold discussions on the issue of forming a cabinet to discuss the difficulties and sensitive points of future development .
( subhead )
hamas won the election of the cabinet . the outside world was worried that hamas 's prime minister might be in touch with the current top leader abbas .
moreover , just as the egyptian president mubarak , who is currently visiting egypt , stressed that the hamas leadership is formed by hamas , and that the new palestinian government will not recognize israel . this tough signal also aggravates the international anxiety .
the united states and israel have explicitly expressed their refusal to accept a hamas government that controls real power and threatened to suspend the palestinian economy .
however , this does not mean that hamas is making a flexible policy decision .
according to reports , in order to make the greatest international recognition , the chinese government recently gathered in egypt 's hamas leaders to decide to select the independent candidate , capra islamic taya school board chairman , jayer jayakari , to become the new prime minister .
this is a fact that has not yet been approved by the parties concerned .
the palestinian analyst , hussein , said that no matter how high the prime minister 's post is , the key is that the candidate of the prime minister should be as much as possible to play down hamas 's hard - line tone . only in this way can we ensure the success of the cabinet .
( subhead )
from inside to the point of view , hamas is facing the biggest challenge .
the palestinian " sunshine newspaper " analyzed that the palestinian government has been trying to get the palestinians to get rid of the palestinian people by means of social welfare projects .
hamas has won the election after the election and has proposed establishing a political alliance with fatah , which has jointly formed a national coalition government . however , fatah has not given a positive response to this issue .
the french government has also decided to provide a comprehensive response to the question of whether to enter the cabinet , and one faction is in favor of participating in the new government , thus making it possible for another faction to reject hamas 's invitation . it is willing to make positive efforts in legislation , which is actively carried out in opposition , and the opposition , which is active in the legislature .
according to the informed sources ,
even though it is true that hamas and fatah have also been holding talks on the cabinet 's distribution of power .
in addition , another one is that the establishment of the legislative committee framework is out of the consideration of the political parties .
according to reports , hamas also designed a new plan to build a clean expert .
in view of the fact that the united states and israel have a technical expert style , the government has no choice but to reduce external pressure .
according to the basic law of palestine , the right to vote on the new government of palestine on 16 february will be nominated by the prime minister and forming the cabinet after the new legislative council was inaugurated on 16 february .
( subhead )
hamas has a very important role in establishing a new government .
the united states and israel have a very tough attitude and are firmly demanding hamas to give up violence and reject its armed forces in political affairs .
hamas leader mahathir said on 9 july that the armed resistance was the main cause of the organization 's strategy of cooling its own hands .
the issue of armed forces is in fact a question of legitimacy of weapons and the rule of armed forces .
hamas has also made a new choice through democracy and freedom .
hamas has proposed that it should send all armed forces to the palestinian national authority .
the palestinian people have 60,000 palestinians , and the number of palestinians is only 40,000 .
moreover , the french government has also made some organization relations songde .
the delegation is led by hamas , which is responsible for forming a cabinet , to discuss how to manage these armed forces that are running their own government and rationally distribute the right to manage security .
according to local media , the abbas intends to be in charge of security and intelligence troops , police and civil defense organizations , which are composed of the interior ministry of the new government .
however , all parties have also reached consensus on this sensitive issue .
china 's first release of the polar observation report
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 10 , by wire ( reporter jianmin li ) the state oceanic administration of china ( saic ) issued a " report on china 's polar expedition in 2005 " recently . this is the first time china has carried out an extremely important scientific investigation activity over the past 20 years .
the " report " comprehensively reflects the new requirements of china 's polar science and technology research activities in 2005 .
according to the " report " , the total number of people who were killed in the explosion on 9 january 2005 ( beijing time ) will be 2155 ( beijing time ) , and the investigation team of the antarctic will be able to reach the antarctic ocean surface at the highest altitude . it will be completed on 18 january , 15:15 ( beijing time ) .
the first is the competition that has become increasingly fierce in the international arena .
the national bureau of maritime affairs director sun zhihui said .
the " report " shows that the number of people who have been killed in the 21st south pole examination on 24 march 2005 was as high as 48,039 , and the number of people who have traveled to shanghai was 2,060 .
the same november 18 th of the same year , the 22 nd antarctic expedition team left shanghai and went to the antarctic center to conduct the science examination activities and will leave for shanghai in february 2006 .
as the chinese government has for the first time issued the limit of the survey report , the " 2005 china polar survey report " is also a very important document on the development of the western region , which was first put into operation in the 1980 s of the 20th century .
according to the " report , " the " report " was formally submitted to the " south pole treaty " in 1983 and became a member of the organization of the antarctic treaty . it was also a topic of discussion at the antarctic science research committee in southern pole science .
in 1997 , china became the first country to be a member of the arctic science committee . it won the respect and support of the international community in the field of polar affairs .
the " report " points out that over the past 20 - odd years , china 's extreme - geometry has never stopped . it has constantly developed and has initially possessed a large - scale , which has formed a single ship of the three stations of the south pole in south china . that is , the " report " , which was established in february 1985 , has become the first national scientific research center of the south pole in south pole in february 1989 , and the first
the " report " contains statistics on the number of people who have been killed by the end of 2005 .
the current situation is undergoing a major step toward establishing the third antarctic observation station , and is also the first antarctic inland survey station in china .
sun zhihui said :
the company has been able to make a good start after more than 20 years of hard work .
he said .
sun zhihui revealed that the chinese government will continue to publish the " china threat theory " every year .
( overseas ) china 's foreign affairs minister meets president chen zhili
xinhua news agency , havana , february 10 ( reporter zhou yu ) cuba 's state council chairman castro met with visiting chinese vice premier li lanqing , who is currently on a visit to cuba , and both sides indicated that they would continue to strengthen cooperation in the fields of education , science , and technology .
castro warmly welcomed president chen zhili and state councilor tang jiaxuan on his visit to cuba .
he said that the cuban - chinese relations are very friendly and the exchange of high - level visits has been frequent , and this has effectively promoted and strengthened the friendship and mutual understanding between the two sides . he expressed the hope that the two countries will continuously deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in various fields , including education and science and technology .
chen zhili said : the cuban people are friendly neighbors in latin america and the caribbean region .
china and cuba are both developing countries with friendly exchanges that have a long history .
cuba is the first country that has diplomatic relations with new china .
in the new century ,
she said she believes that with the joint efforts of both sides , the friendly cooperation between china and cuba will certainly be more fruitful .
chen zhili also pointed out that china 's government has always attached importance to developing friendly cooperation with cuba in the field of education .
in recent years , the two countries have increasingly close educational exchanges , and the number of personnel contacts has been frequent .
china has actively supported the cuban side 's international cooperation organization , and has sent a delegation to attend the previous world higher education conference and the 2005 anti - illiteracy conference .
cuba 's foundation education is very low , and its hope for further strengthening its cooperation with the country .
chen zhili said : the chinese and cuban peoples have a long history of scientific and technological research and development . through the launching of various fields of cooperation , they can bring about mutually beneficial and win - win results .
the chinese side has provided aid to some scientific research facilities in cuba , hoping that they can make a positive contribution to cuba 's scientific research and production .
she also briefed castro on china 's domestic situation in the country 's strategy of rejuvenating the country through science and education and the national science and technology conference .
chen zhili made the above remarks at the invitation of the cuban government .
in this period , the chen zhili met with the cuban high school of education minister vienna and the cuban delegation to visit china .
beijing , july 1 a total of 460 people were killed in a traffic accident on the beijing - ha highway
xinhua news agency , harbin , february 11 , by reporter shubin liang
according to the statistics of the double city traffic police group ,
according to information , the tanker 's instant - loaded coke was produced in the compartment .
the cost of the fuel tank is very high . at the same time , it is afraid that the vehicle in the past may cause danger of flames . the departments concerned have closed the road at the scene of the accident .
harbin has been to the dual city of harbin for many vehicles to be diverted .
at present , relevant departments are sorting out the scene and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) and wong tai sin announces flag closing down on march 3 , italy 's sankei holocaust co. ltd.
xinhua news agency , hong kong , february 11 , and the huangpu military academy limited announced on the 11th that the implementation of the flag - raising ceremony for 30000000000.000 telecommunications companies in italy will be planned .
and wong tai sin , general manager of the huang group , said that although the three - mile - hybrid milk has been approved by the regulatory body , the sse - ray company has to complete its listing procedures in the coming weeks .
at the same time , the european telecommunications market is still in a sluggish condition , and the market may not necessarily be able to give the 3 rd mile standard in italy .
in view of the fact that the shareholders have the greatest interests to consider , the decision to delay the listing of the stock market .
as for when to be recruited in the stock market , mr footman said that it would be necessary to consider the future development of the telecommunications market in europe .
he said that judging from the present to the other way , the stock market has slumped up in italy and has to conduct extensive investors ' education activities so that the global telecommunications investment market will be more clearly aware of the number of current strong enterprises in italy and the potential of the country .
another source from the media said that the " silicon valley " of italy 's michigan association was confined to the united states with a total investment of $ 4.2 billion .
( overseas ) china 's foreign affairs office expects to further develop sino - burmese economic and trade relations
xinhua news agency , yangon , february 12 , by reporter yunfei zhang
the director of management said that in recent years , the chinese government has established a good - neighborly and friendly relationship with burma on the basis of the five principles of peaceful coexistence , and exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been expanding and deepening , and economic and trade relations between the two countries have continued to expand and strengthen .
tang hai - zambian said : the two countries ' high - level exchange of visits has effectively promoted the development of bilateral economic and trade cooperation .
2004-2004 , the exchange of high - level visits between the two countries reached a total of 33 documents on economic and trade cooperation , of which most are being implemented and implemented .
he said : the 2004-2004 period is 11.4 billion us dollars , and the figure for 2005 reaches 12.09 billion us dollars , of which china 's exports to the united states amounted to $ 9.35 billion , and imports were 2.747 billion .
last year , the two sides reached a trade surplus of $ 25.5 billion , which was $ 25.6 billion , or $ 25.7 billion , in bilateral trade .
tang hai said : the burma has become china 's largest trading partner in the development of contracted projects .
china 's enterprises have made important contributions in the construction of the project , which has brought along the development of the export of all types of mechanical and electrical products of china . myanmar has become china 's important market for the export of complete sets of equipment and mechanical products .
according to statistics from the chinese customs , in the past five years , the export volume of mechanical and electronic products has accounted for over 45.5 percent of china 's total export to burma .
tang jiaxuan said : the chinese government attaches great importance to the development of the burma issue .
he hoped that chinese enterprises will have a long - term perspective , learn how to avoid risks , and make prudent decisions , and foster a good image of enterprises and get involved in projects .
the director of the management and management of the wood and tang haizan both held that premier wen 's upcoming visit to china will further promote the development of bilateral relations this year .
it is expected that the two sides will sign several economic and trade cooperation documents during the visit .
the world bank plans to reduce or waive the most - developed countries ' debt
xinhua news agency , moscow , february 11 , the world bank president wolfowitz said in moscow on the 11th that the world bank will completely free the most poor countries from the poverty - stricken countries before the middle of this year .
wolfowitz said in a meeting with chinese foreign minister tang jiaxuan who is here to attend the g - 8 finance ministers meeting in moscow on the same day .
he said after the meeting that the united states would not be able to play a role in the world economy before july 1 this year .
last year , the world bank donated the country 's funds to completely exempt the debts owed by 28 countries and said that it would provide financial assistance to the relevant trust funds .
the imf 's report on the creditor 's rights was relatively small , and the organization had raised the debt of 45.9 billion us dollars by the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz expressed his thanks to russia for the immunization of 16 african countries .
gao qing said that the television was being broadcast in the united states as the mainstream media .
xinhua news agency , new york , february 12 , by reporter xiaolin fan
the newly - opened " new york times " , which was just opened , was a us - style olive rowling event for the american broadcasting industry to welcome the television era .
according to the " financial times " a few days ago , the us congress recently passed a bill to stipulate that the broadcasting industry must be listed on the list of the 10 th anniversary of the implementation of the current mtn on 17 february 2009 .
this means that the us television program is showing a complete digitized program .
gao xingjian has a high resolution rate of digital television . on the one hand , it is necessary to rely on consumers to buy tv sets , while on the other hand , it is necessary to provide high - digit programs by producing institutions .
the digital television is a new channel for the digital entertainment industry to be used in the past few years .
this question is not a problem for the better this year .
according to the us consumer electronics association 's forecast , the number of tv sets will be sold in the united states for the first time this year , and the number of tv sets will be 85.5 percent .
japan 's researchers have developed a new - type highly efficient kidney - building system .
xinhua news agency , tokyo , february 13th , by reporter jiqian qian
according to the " sunshine industry news " recently , the new development enterprise will be the first to be developed by two parts , namely , the number of people from blood , the number of people from the filtering of waste and water .
the people 's daily said that the " falungong " cult organization has been a political organization in the western region .
this kind of cell - skin cell can make the blood discernment of the disease that has caused many blood - seed diseases , which are closely related to the mystery of the mystery of hyperimia , and return to blood , and at the same time can also make the wine of the wine of glacier and the mining of the body essential .
and the previous human rights record was based on seaborne infiltration .
the researchers have made use of the mountain sheep to produce bio - cremation experiments , artificial kidney transplant , and the castle of human beings to use pigs on the middle - air corridor .
the two weeks later , the researchers confirmed that the man - made kidney had been able to play its role .
at present , they are developing and using human kidney cells .
china 's electric power production safety is still facing severe challenges
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 13th , by reporter yong wang
the state administration of radio and television , shi yubo , vice chairman of the national electric power safety supervision and management committee , said here today that the work of supervising and managing power production in 2005 will be completed in general , and the work of greeting the peak of electricity will be successfully completed . the work of ensuring safety supply and actively dealing with natural disasters will basically be ensured .
however , he pointed out that with the increase in power supply and demand and the large number of new power generating units , the power supply and demand situation will continue to be under new challenges .
these challenges include :
shi yubo said : the chinese government has made great achievements in the reform of the power system .
in view of the fact that the work of safe production of electric power in 2006 , shi yubo said that it is necessary to further strengthen the foundation of the work of managing the production of power , speed up the establishment and improvement of the emergency management mechanism for power power safety , improve the ability to deal with emergencies , strengthen the coordination and cooperation of power plants , and jointly safeguard the safety of the power station 's power station .
it has been learned that in light of the new situation in the management of electric power safety , the power supervision and control commission will make a special investigation of the " interim regulations on investigating and investigating electric power production accidents " which have been promulgated this year . at the same time , relevant departments of the hydropower station 's safety and protection of the power system 's second system will be successively issued this year .
2001-2005 china 's total electricity consumption was 24.68-90-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-@@
in the face of the situation of power supply and demand , the coal , electricity , oil , and transportation sectors are still in a state of unfavorable conditions , and all power enterprises have taken effective measures to strengthen equipment management . last year , the country 's power production did not have any extraordinarily serious equipment accident .
the power grids accident occurred 74 times , a decrease of 127 times from the same period last year , and 427 accidents involving equipment were reported , a decrease of 132 .
south african ambassador to china joseph zambian said south africa does not exist in the organization of african union , which is aimed at chinese citizens .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 13th , by reporter jiangang wang and hao yalin , charge of the interim government of the south african embassy in china , delivered a speech at a xinhua news agency reporter on 13 february , saying that the african union , which is currently in existence , has organized , directed against chinese citizens .
he also said that the south african government will do its utmost to crack down on all types of crimes in the form of crime .
the government should also make efforts to promote the development of the country 's economy , he said .
since the beginning of 2006 , the number of people in china has been four in south africa , which has been killed and injured by chinese people .
china 's foreign ministry has made solemn representations with south africa on this and reminded the chinese embassy in south africa to further strengthen their awareness of security and precautions , and strengthen unity and friendship among overseas chinese and cooperation with the police in cracking down on crimes .
the first thing we are going to ask the family of the victims was to express the most sincere sympathy and condolence to the victims , and the most sincere and sincere condolence we have sent to them .
the government should make a good start and make a good start .
according to the chinese embassy in south africa , the south african police have successfully cracked the case on 5 february , which involved a total of 58,039 women , including a chinese woman , in south africa .
at present , the police are investigating another suspect who was suspected of being involved in the case .
another source from south african embassy in china revealed that on january 15 , the chinese government had arrested a hong kong businessman suspected of shooting in hong kong . the victim 's property was recovered .
in discussing the question of the possibility of chinese citizens ' assassination , the spokesman said : china has always held that the incident is indeed a serious threat to the two countries ' trade , cooling , and other fields .
according to the south african embassy tourism commissioner , beriusconi said that the embassy had only received a total of 2,000 visitors in the first 15 days of this year .
another source said that according to official statistics ,
bilateral trade volume reached $ 72.7 billion , up by 23.7 percent .
however , the tourism sector has held that the number of tourists who have been hit by the chinese citizens ' assassination in 2004 has a significant impact on the number of chinese tourists .
according to south africa 's tourism administration , the number of tourists to south africa in the first half of 2005 was 203.31 , a decrease of 14.9 percent over the same period last year .
at present , the number of chinese living in south africa is around 200,000 . the number of chinese living in south africa is around 200,000 .
the analysts here believe that the social wealth gap between the rich and the poor in south africa is large , the unemployment rate is high , and there is no death penalty . therefore , the crime rate is not high .
as many chinese do not understand english , they have a different relationship with their home .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) hong kong promotes english learning and training
xinhua news agency , hong kong , february 13 , the hong kong special administrative region government launched a " human rights movement " program on 13th to enable more people to join the workplace english standard .
this is a new type of teaching method that uses the method of learning to teach english , bumper life , and a series of publicity activities to promote the learning of workplace english and to let employers further understand the importance of helping employees to upgrade their english standards .
as of now , the project has already provided nearly 2.5 million people with a workplace english training programme to help them achieve the relevant workforce .
issued by the hong kong workplace english campaign , the hksar government launched the " english language training scheme " in 2000 .
the work of workplace english campaign is a major project to provide workplace english training grants .
the scheme aims to help the public to get more information about the workplace english through participating in the training and taking part in the designated international business english examinations .
hebei province 's aids inspection system is free of charge , free - charge , and free - charge .
xinhua news agency , shijiazhuang , february 14 , by wire ( reporter zhiyong dong ) the hebei provincial health department recently issued a " report on the aids voluntary consultation work in hebei province " ( trial implementation ) , which clearly stipulates that the aids testing system is implemented free of charge , free , and unsecured , and is expected to be able to find the aids infected people and patients at the maximum and to further implement the measures to prevent aids and prevent aids .
the " proposal " explicitly sets the guiding principles and policies for the work of voluntary consultation and testing of aids in hebei province : the system of testing and consultation on aids , the system of testing and consultation on aids , the system of voluntary consultation and the system of consultation and confidentiality , and the system of consultations on the aids prevention and treatment ;
the " proposal " demands that the aids consultation and inspection points should be set up at convenient consultations .
the state of the union information should be fully considered .
to protect the consulting personnel 's privilege , the test can be used by coding or by post .
the " proposal " also requires that the leading cadres at and above the county level should be responsible for the public health administration departments to report on their own free - charge medical treatment and health services for aids .
the ministry of public security has also issued a circular to extorting extortion inspectors from extorting confessions by torture .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 14 , by wire ( reporter mna ) deputy director of the police inspector bureau of the ministry of public security , zheng baigang , answered a foreign reporter 's question on the 14th . he pointed out : the so - called " unsuitable method for the crime of crime " is absolutely unacceptable in china .
the inspectors ' work is also focused on the prevention of these problems .
he also pointed out that some international organizations have been dissatisfied with the law enforcement situation of the chinese police .
the ministry of public security issued the latest information on 14 july , indicating that the ministry of public security has issued the " opinions on implementing the retained funds for public security organs " to register them " in order to provide them with the necessary conditions for continuing interrogations . " this has effectively ensured that grass - roots public security organs will apply for interrogation measures according to law .
in 1997 , in order to deepen the three reforms , the government decided to establish a system for punishing the extortion of guns by torture , which abused the police force , and the public security organs nationwide cracked a total of 38,039 cases of illegal emigration , which involved the police force in the detention , and the public security regulatory and control centers .
to ensure that the party 's work of preventing law enforcement at the root is in place , the police inspector department has further extended the law enforcement inspectors ' antennae to inquire about the application of rumors , the 110 relay , the police , the police , the police , and the law enforcement personnel who are involved in the case of illegal employment , and the access of information on robbers .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) sun yun - hsuan , who died in taipei , died of illness in taipei
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 15 ,
sun yun - hsuan was born in 1913 .
it is the 10 th and 13 th central committee of the kuomintang , the 11 th central standing committee , and the 14 th central standing committee meeting .
zeng jianhui , former director of the taiwan authorities ' department of economics , said that the government was " a big stick " in the past .
the heilongjiang province has pushed the songhua river water pollution environmental impact assessment and countermeasures projects .
xinhua news agency , harbin , february 16 , by reporter shoutao
reporter learned from heilongjiang province 's environmental protection bureau that the provincial environmental protection administration ( sepa ) has organized a " green cord " project to investigate the ecological environment of the songhua river , which has a total of 15 special topics , including the emergency response assessment of the incident and the ecological effect assessment and human body health assessment .
at present , heilongjiang province has a total of 10 scientific research institutions , totaling over 60 people , undertaking 14 research projects .
according to the information , the environmental protection department and relevant scientific research institutions will launch a special campaign to deal with the emergency environment of the five special topics , and strive to solve the urgent problems of the masses first .
among them , the main control points are : the pollutants are concentrated on the total number of pollutants and the total number of departing passengers , and the impact on the safety of the water on the surface of the river along the river and on the safety of surface water supply .
heilongjiang province has also made efforts to improve the environmental protection work along the songhua river ,
the heilongjiang will send environmental law enforcement personnel to supervise the enforcement of small coal pits in various localities to comprehensively improve the environment of the ores in the koran river , the cauldron in the kanu river , and other supporting systems .
the beijing university 's lingnan cable was condoleeezza rice 's special envoy on behalf of academician wang zaixi .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 15 , by wire ( reporter jiangtao li ) through several days of intense displacement , beijing university has set up a lecture hall at the memorial hall of the 100 th anniversary of the founding of the beijing university . as of noon on the 15th , it has already been closed to several hundred people to offer condolences .
at 8:00 in the morning , the lingtong hall was opened to the public . the opening ceremony was several dozens of people outside the door .
reporter learned from the beijing university 's 100 th anniversary celebration lecture that the chinese people 's liberation army [ pla ] had a long - standing and colorful streamers on the wall of the hall , which was a scene of black horizontal streamers , a pair of black horizontal streamers , a pair of black horizontal and black horizontal streamers , a pair of black horizontal , a , and a pair of white
the horizontal projection is a 10 - square - meter wang chou - shaped picture , and he has a glasses , face - to - face smile , and teachings .
the body of the paintings on both sides of the river was put on the side of the pine tree , and dozens of flower paths were on the side .
among them , a flower show was a " great wall " in the city of qin sheng .
lingtang , who is in the mood , was in a low ebb and was in a heavy atmosphere .
the memorial tablets were among those who died in the beijing university leadership and teachers and students .
they have been using their hands to win flowers , and some have carried a flower basket , and each person 's chest is persecuted with a small bloom , and they have walked slowly to the remains of wang chou 's fellow , and bowed their bars .
many people have been patient and unrestrained .
zeng jianhui , a member of the national bureau of cultural relics , was a professor at the beijing university of alumni . he told reporters that over the past 10 years , he was still in work in henan province and asked wang chou to give a lecture to the provincial party committee cadres on scientific and technological innovation .
the " wang xuan " academician , who was elected , was a famous scholar who studied by us . he was a model for the country and society .
the beijing university law school 's jinruilin has been a member of the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] , a old friend of wang xuan over the past 40 years .
the previous few days he was just discharged , and today he had been consistently sharing his old friend .
kim tae - chung 's book was left in his book . he curbed the possibility of his misery and many misunderstandings .
he told reporters that the wang chou - kan life was very frugal , and tong chou - yuen was very close . he was already a professor . moreover , he had already had a very high accomplishments . however , he was still very small in the room .
later he moved to the united states to work in the zoo , where he was 70 square meters .
the beijing university has given him a chance to visit the blue camp 's academician building , and more than 140 square meters of large houses . he has not asked him , and the high - ranking housing provided by the dialect of the fangtan building has also not been required . he also does not want to raise such a high - ranking housing in the dingzhou building . he also does not want to raise such a high - ranking housing .
kim tae - chung said with deep feelings : wang ch'iu 's visit to the country was very highly successful .
the first thing is that he insisted on not applying for academician at the beginning of the year . after mr. zhou peiyuan 's many mobilization , he went to fill out the form , and the only thing he did was to fill out the table after he had been mobilized . the elephant was a mumqi , a mumqi , and a canned .
the government will be able to make a good start in the future .
kim tae - chung said : over the past 50 years , wang chou began to pay attention to cultivating young people . he has always emphasized that it is necessary to pave the way and be willing to make a way for young people .
the reason why this is very good is that the scientists have been able to make a living .
reporter learned from the beijing university news center that the chinese government has decided to send a delegation to the six - party talks from 09:00 a. m . to 12:00 hours on 15 february . the motion was to be opened to the public and to be held in the public .
the " falungong " cult , which is called the " beijing university " , is a national cppcc vice chairman of the china academy of engineering , a famous professor of the third world academy of engineering , wang xuan , who has been in the lead of the disease , was unable to perform in beijing at 1:33 on 13 february . he died in beijing 's coordinator and hospital and was admitted to hospital for seven years .
( foreign affairs ) chinese vice - chairman meets chilean parliament delegation
wu bangguo attended the signing ceremony and delivered a speech at the signing ceremony .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 15 , by wire ( reporter rong yan ) - chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) wu bangguo attended the meeting of the chinese national people 's congress ( npc ) and the chilean parliament on the afternoon of 15 february and signed the agreement .
china 's npc and the chilean parliament have formally established their exchange mechanism .
it has been learned that the chilean senate president ricardo rosto and speaker of the house of representatives , arsenic , had a meeting in santiago , the capital of chile , the other day .
according to the agreement , the two sides will , in accordance with the principles set in the communique on the establishment of diplomatic relations between china 's npc and the chilean parliament , set up a dialogue committee , and rotate the two countries ' non - scheduled meetings to jointly promote the comprehensive development of bilateral relations .
chile 's ambassador to china khalila and other officials attended the signing ceremony .
china will introduce information security measures to protect the rights of information networks
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 15 , by wire ( reporter wei li ) many websites are now relying on large numbers of transmitting newspapers and magazines to other news reports .
wang zaiqiang said : in accordance with the current law , newspapers and periodicals have published their works . so long as the author does not become a mock only , the newspapers and periodicals can not be used by the author , and at the same time they should pay for the work . the state copyright bureau has drawn up a special standard for the transfer of newspapers and periodicals according to law .
however , according to the existing law , the number of newspapers and periodicals enjoy this legal license will not be allowed to publish this kind of statutory license .
according to the decision of the supreme people 's court , the transfer of newspapers and periodicals to legal license may apply to internet , that is , the use of newspapers and periodicals on the internet , and the author does not have any decision on using such words as anonymous statement , and the internet can not be used without permission .
however , because the judicial interpretation was not appropriate to the pay standard , the court had not made any decision on the use of these works on the internet .
the article says : " the internet has already been used for short - term works .
wang zaiqiang said : the key to whether or not the cosponsor will be included in the scope of the law is still pending the promulgation of this year 's regulations on protecting the right to disseminate information on the internet . the regulations affirm the right to disseminate information on the internet .
( international ) russian president meets chinese military delegation
xinhua news agency , moscow , february 15 , by wire ( reporter shiyi song ) russian defense ministry information officials sherali issued a statement on 15 february , saying that the georgian parliament has made a resolution on the russian peacekeeping troops in the near future .
russia 's state duma ( lower house of parliament )
he stressed : georgia 's parliament resolution has made russia and georgia develop their relations .
he said that grimsman is satisfied with the accusation by russia .
georgia 's parliament passed a resolution on the same day demanding that russian peacekeeping troops stop their operations in the southern ossetia , but did not confirm the situation of the withdrawal of russian peacekeeping troops .
georgia 's parliament criticizes russian peacekeeping forces
georgia 's parliament demands that the government take positive action to consider setting up a national security council in the southern cypriot conflict area to replace the current russian military presence in the region .
georgia 's parliament also ordered the government to revise the russian peacekeeping force to be stationed in the area of conflict .
the southern cypriot is the oldest place in georgia and has a long history of friendly exchanges with the russian northern austrian royal city .
the former soviet union was disintegrated and it announced its independence on its own and had long been in a state of confrontation with the georgian central government .
at present , russia has already established a military presence in the region .
this unit has been the first unit to be stationed in the northern part of the island of the skies in in the northwestern skyline in 1992 .
the vast numbers of the hospital of liaoyuan hospital will be held in the name of wang wei , a person suspected of major responsibility accidents .
xinhua news agency , changchun , february 16 , by wire ( reporter li ) the liaoyuan city center hospital of jilin province has been hit by an extraordinarily big fire , and the investigation team has decided to take 11 persons to the scene , including zhang diankun , head of the hospital 's electric squad , and four others , who are suspected of having major accidents .
2001-15 december 2005 , the first batch of large - scale hospitals in liaoyuan city , which killed nearly 100 people , was confirmed dead .
in this war , the chinese people were shocked by the fire .
according to information , the exercise is the first large - scale joint medical care system ever launched since the founding of new china .
according to investigations , the explosion occurred at 16:30 on the day of the incident , and the central hospital of liaoyuan city suddenly stopped electricity and , and it was not until the power station was put in place in line with the design of the hospital 's circuits .
and at that time , the underground electricity cables of smoking were more than 10 gcables , and the cables were unscrupulous . as a result , the cables were very tired .
therefore , 57 - year - old liaoyuan textile company 's electric power installation team leader zhao zhiping was very excited .
china 's rural tourism industry opens first in south china
xinhua news agency , guiyang , february 16 , by wire ( reporter xinrong ) the guizhou provincial ping dam office ( gingchang ) announced on the morning of 16 february that the children of the tianlong village , tianlong town , guizhou province , had fun festive festive festive festive and joyous smiles on their festive occasion .
at 10 : 30 in the morning , the five - year campaign ended .
the sky is open to the public from the village of zimbabwe in the village of zimbabwe and the village tourist demonstration points in the country .
as a friendly neighbor of the great hall of the people , the people of the desert of the ming dynasty , who are descendants of the ming dynasty , have had more than 600 years of history .
this is the first time that he is wearing a broad vision and a sweet blue skies .
according to information , the tianlong village has relied on this cultural tradition to develop a large number of new rural culture from 2002 . the number of rural tourists in 2005 alone will reach 380 million yuan , and the total number of people in the village has exceeded 47,000 . through the online cinema , transport , and other tourist commodities , the per capita income of peasants has increased from 13,000 yuan in 2002 to over 200 yuan in 2005 .
the guizhou provincial tourism administration has also decided to set up a tourism bureau in the province , following the opening of the first tourist attraction in tianlong , sichuan province .
so far , guizhou has over 130 million people in various villages in zhai county , guizhou province .
on january 1 , 70 percent of the urban housing prices in china rose by 5.5 percent .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 16 , by wire ( reporter zheng ) in january this year , 70 large and medium - sized cities in china increased their sales prices by 5.5 percent , and the increase rate was 0.7 percentage points lower than last month .
shanghai 's housing prices have continued to decline .
the state development and reform commission has cut off the national bureau of statistics issued on 16 january , showing that the number of large and medium - sized cities has dropped by more than 20 percent in january this year , and the rate of increase in the number of small and medium - sized enterprises in hohhot and hohhot has exceeded 10 percent . the shanghai housing sales prices continued to decline , with a decrease of 0.4 percent over the same period last year .
the same oral statistics are compiled from the same trail , showing that shanghai 's housing sales prices were up by 19.1 percent over the same period last year , and after that , there was a turn for the better in the second half of last year .
in january this year , the price of oil in 70 new commodity housing in large and medium - sized cities rose 6.9 percent , an increase of 0.2 percent over the previous month .
the new commodity housing system is more than one - third of the total market value of the country 's new commodity , which is higher than the increase of 18.98 percent in dalian , and 1.09 percent in shenzhen , 1.09 percent in chengdu , 1.09 percent in beijing , and 3.1 percent in shanghai .
the organization department of the cpc central committee called for further intensifying the supervision over the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres and cadres .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 16 , the organization department of the cpc central committee recently issued a opinion on strengthening the supervision of cadres .
the opinions urged organization and departments at all levels to proceed from the principle of strict management and care for cadres , and to bring cadre supervision into line with the education and care of cadres , and to select and appoint various links of day - to - day management , establish and improve a system for supervising and checking corruption in good time , and effectively strengthen supervision over leading cadres and the selection and appointment of cadres .
the opinions pointed out : organization departments ' supervision of cadres is mainly aimed at supervising cadres in leading groups and leading cadres .
in the process of making a decision on the supervision of leading bodies and leading cadres , we should unremittingly do a good job in educating and educating our ideals and convictions and in combating corruption and advocating honesty , and should permeate the education with the training , selection , and supervision of cadres , and guide and urge leading cadres to strengthen the party spirit , cultivate the party spirit , and adhere to the principle of building a party that serves the people , governs for the people , and build
right now , the new cadres are promoted .
we should urge leading bodies at all levels to uphold democratic centralism , establish and improve the rules and procedures for making decisions on government affairs , and conscientiously implement the principle of integrating collective leadership with individual responsibility for division of work .
we should give prominence to the work of supervising and managing the principal responsible persons of the leading bodies , and the responsible persons of the organization ( personnel ) departments should regularly exchange views with the principal responsible persons of the next level leading bodies , understand their thinking and work style , and so on .
establish and improve the system of day - to - day supervision of leading cadres , regularly carry out ideological and work style education among leading cadres , and propose measures for solving problems and measures .
the system of admonishing leading cadres to admonish their speeches and letters and discovering the symptoms of problems should be promptly admonished or sent to the letter .
right to the masses ' opinions ,
at the same time , we should combine strengthening supervision with encouraging cadres to boldly explore and innovate ,
the opinions demanded that the organizational ( personnel ) departments at all levels conscientiously perform their supervision and inspection of the selection and appointment of leading cadres in party and government organizations .
further improve the system of supervision over cadres ' recommendation , appraisal , and selection of candidates for examination and discussion .
we should strengthen supervision over the enforcement of the regulations on appointing cadres , and strictly investigate and deal with violations of the regulations on appointing cadres , resolutely check the unhealthy and corrupt practices in the use of cadres .
the system of punishing illegal personnel is implemented .
establish and perfect the system of selecting and appointing cadres and assign responsibility to the selection and appointment of cadres , and make sure that the system of selecting and appointing cadres is in line with the principle of unanimity in power and responsibility , clearly defines the form of accountability , and increases the intensity of investigation .
fully bring into play the role of mass supervision , establish and improve the system of preventing and curing accidents that are easy to safety and high - efficiency .
give play to the role of public opinion supervision , and report to the media about the work of selecting and appointing cadres at a timely date , and accept supervision by public opinion .
the opinions put forward the following : we should further improve the coordination and coordination mechanism for cadre supervision .
the organization ( personnel ) departments should make greater efforts to strengthen coordination with discipline inspection organs and establish a system of working together with discipline inspection organs in the aspect of improving the party style and building a clean government in the areas concerned .
in conjunction with the discipline inspection commission ,
in conjunction with auditing institutions , the economic and social responsibility auditing system for leading cadres should be conscientiously implemented .
the system of cadre selection and appointment of organization departments should be established .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) taiwan authorities have been using the mainland as a heavy penalty for investing in the mainland , which is a heavy - duty high - tech dragon head enterprise , which is listed as a key investment enterprise in the mainland , which has been severely punishing high - tech dragon head enterprises
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 16 , by wire ( reporter jiaoxing chen ) the taiwan authorities ' economic affairs department decided to punish taiwan 's hyjing - hsiung [ chang chi - hsiung ] , one of the most popular products of taiwan , and to impose fines of 5 million yuan on 15 february , which is called the " national association of taiwan compatriots " .
the taiwan " chung - kuo shih - pao " reported that this was the first time chen shui - bian dished out the " taiwan independence " idea that could effectively open up cross - strait economic and trade policies . after the taiwan authorities imposed a penalty on taiwan businessmen investing in the mainland .
according to reports , the taiwan - based caijing investment company , which was listed as the largest foreign exchange company , said that the total amount of the total amount was about $ 40,000 , which was in violation of the law of the people on both sides of the strait and the regulations of the people on both sides of the strait .
in the future , the number of such cases will increase .
the fonwire co. ltd. began to take shape in february 2005 . at that time , taiwan 's prosecutor department used more than 100 people to express their views on the power of many high - ranking personnel .
at that time , the chairman of the board of directors of the lianhe company said openly that the united states did not violate any regulations of the taiwan authorities , and that the united states provided assistance to the company 's electrical technology in order to make its long - term interests . if the united states does not enter the mainland market as soon as possible , it will lose business opportunities .
later , the taiwan authorities began to exercise supervision and management of financial affairs in order to violate relevant commercial information .
2001-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0@@
the federation of taiwan enterprises and the taiwan electric circuit company ( citystellionaire ) company , which is called taiwan 's silicon encyclopedia , is a high - tech dragon enterprise on the island .
the taiwan authorities have been trying to make a big deal of calls to the united states over the past year , and have been highly concerned by all circles on the island .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) second session of sino - macao friendship fair opened in macao
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 17 , by wire ( reporter ankun li ) the second largest - ever - rising milk in the heart of macao was announced in beijing on the 17th in beijing that it will send a team of chinese around the world to express their views on the matter of macao , which is called the theme of the theme of the theme of the event .
this is a very important message from the macao people 's foundation and the hundred flowers publishing house .
2004-2004 , the return of macao to the motherland was the first time in my heart .
the macao foundation executive committee member , wu zhiliang , said in a news conference on 17 august that last year , the beijing - zhuhai city of tangshan was listed as the world heritage list , which not only signifies the long - term way of life and community management of the macao people but also means that the chinese nation is unstable and unfettered .
wu zhiliang said : the chinese government has always attached great importance to the development of the macao foundation and the hundred flowers and art publishing house .
according to the information , the competition will be held at the end of september this year . the " huanwen and haiti " will be opened to the columns to be selected .
the selection criteria are as follows :
shandong has successfully implemented a case of abdominal pathogenic transplant in transferring cardiovascular transplant disease in shandong
xinhua news agency , jinan , february 17 , by reporter yuqing zhang yuqing and shen yao , the heart - to - heart disease research institute of the jinan military region recently successfully implemented a cardiac transplant surgery .
reporter on 17 july , at the critical moment of the disease control room , the reporters saw that the 51 - day baby girl was full of face , and all monitoring and inspection indicators were normal , and the dangerous operation was smooth . the company was full of vigor and vitality .
according to the patient 's information , the patient was confirmed to have been infected with the disease in the rural areas of tai'an , shandong .
the cardiac transplant is a heart disease that is most difficult in heart surgery .
in particular , the first - year - old baby is transplanted with heart transplant surgery . currently , there are still air - conditioned domestic patients .
jinan military region 's heart - to - heart disease research institute organized experts to repeatedly argue that the operation and operation of the medical care system were carefully designed to monitor the blood .
2001-28 december 2005
for the heart of the body , a patient was admitted to hospital for medical treatment due to the prevalence of the anomalia .
after the surgery , the six carcasses were all sealed , and more than 510 needles were diameter less than 3 mm .
on 29 may , the us side made a complete success in the operation .
the state administration of public security : the purpose of checking the occurrence of major accidents such as coal mine is to prevent the occurrence of more serious accidents this year .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 17 , by reporter jizheng liu
reporter on 17 august from the national bureau of supervision and administration of production safety learned that it is necessary to really check the occurrence of major accidents such as coal mine and the coal mine is the most important .
in the first half of this year , the coal mine safety supervision bureau will properly grasp the following three things :
the fuss continued to play warehouse .
vajpayee has to cut the weight of the beidou before it is done .
if the gas explosion is not a good thing , then it will be very difficult to control the situation .
the fuss continued to play the role of rectifying and closing down .
we should combine the already - made public notice of the society into a document , and in addition the latest reports of the various localities have been reported to more than 700 miners .
we should combine closure with regular work , and should continuously close down those enterprises that have disrupted the environment of natural resources and pollute the environment .
the fuss - out strengthening of basic management of coal mine safety .
we should immediately correct the practices of curbing the occurrence of a small number of large state - owned mining management skillers and guiding the establishment of a standardized system of safety management .
in particular , we should pay attention to the work of key state - owned coal mines , absolutely not allow supernumerary or superconductive personnel to produce such products .
in the first half of this year , the production safety control targets of all types were more than 20 percent less than last year , of which coal mines were down by 3.5 percent .
first , the death toll of more than 10 people was more than 10 .
these control indicators have been issued to various provincial - level people 's governments , and all localities are at the level of cutting off the size of the work to grassroots units and enterprises .
statistics show that in the first half of 2005 , the number of people killed in coal mine accidents in the country dropped by 0.79 percent .
however , one of the victims was still in serious condition .
( international ) bashar 's appeal for all parties to make joint efforts in kosovo 's future status negotiations
xinhua news agency , belgrade , february 17 ,
barcelono said on the same day that he met with the president of the provisional authority of the republic of kosovo , serbian president serbian president serbian milan milan , and other media that the parties concerned in kosovo should have a tolerant attitude and establish a democratic and multi - ethnic integrated kosovo , and a government that respects the government 's political power and the rights and interests of ethnic minorities can be recognized by the international community .
he also stressed that the eu commission will do its best to ensure that the kosovo crisis will be developed .
barcelono also expressed his appreciation for the current progress in the implementation of the un democratic process in kosovo .
he said that these measures are not only a good factor affecting the peace and stability of kosovo and europe .
he also called on all the countries in kosovo to make concerted efforts to prevent the kosovo crisis from becoming a " political solution " to the kosovo issue .
barcelono arrived here on the same day to begin his visit to the country .
earlier , the president of the council of ministers of croatia and cyprus had visited croatia and macedonia .
( winter olympic games ) : the great pair of the pine tree of the children was sent to the united states for a long time .
xinhua news agency , dubai , february 17 ,
xinhua news agency , beijing , march 7 ,
although italy 's repeated orders and orders have said that the dubai winter olympic games will be closed during the winter games , and the number of athletes who use stimulants may be facing the threat of imprisoned in prison , but now , judging from all sorts of circumstances , this situation is not likely to occur in the first instance of this winter olympic games .
the dubai winter olympic games opened on 16 april .
the next day , the international olympic committee announced that it had sent a namir to the winter olympic games . she was confirmed to have been a member of the olympic committee at this winter olympic games .
the international winter season is the first time in the same day that the international community has made a decision on the two - year ban on children .
the chinese government has always attached great importance to the olympic games and has been concerned about the use of the stimulant to the olympic games .
however , according to the italian law , athletes carrying and using the spirit of stimulants are crimes .
last december , the international olympic committee and the italian government finally reached a consensus on the motion of " holding a discussion on a cooling market for a year , " and both sides agreed to hold a meeting of the olympic committee in accordance with italy 's laws during the winter olympic games .
after the ioc 's unremitting efforts , italy has made a positive response to the olympic games in the last four days before the opening of the winter olympic games .
some reports said that the italian government 's supervision of duan winter olympic games is a good thing .
however , the international olympic committee and the persian himself are still not confirmed yet .
russia 's winter season is the first in the history of the world cup .
zeng jianhui , who had been a member of the world anti - stimulant organization for many years , believes that once the united states sent a group of bigs to china , this event will eventually be imminent .
shi hong - cheng said : the international olympic committee and the italian government have made positive efforts in the winter olympic games against stimulants .
according to the previous italian government 's attitude toward the use of stimulants in the games , the italian team has banned the use of stimulants .
therefore , the italian anthony ortha , senior reporter , said that sending the spanish crazy to jail is likely to be too small .
pierre also briefed li peng on the progress of the italian court in the trial of the absence of adjudication .
if the list of the names of the countries that send them to refuse to accept the verdict , italy will not take her .
the comprehensive news : the new epidemic points are continuing to emerge in the countries around the world in strictly preventing the spread of the disease .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 18 , xinhua news agency reporters stationed abroad reported that the avian flu has spread further in the african continent .
the world health organization ( who ) confirmed on 17 august that egypt has three areas of bird flu that have been infected with the virus .
in europe , france , too , for the first time discovered the h5 virus . the european union 's high degree of vigilance , strengthened the measures for epidemic prevention .
the world health organization 's east mediterranean regional advisor , harry samuel , told the press in egypt on 17 august that currently , in cairo , cairo , and three southern minya areas , there have been already cases of h5n1 avian influenza virus in the infected areas , and the egyptian government departments concerned have started to kill the suspected avian influenza virus .
experts pointed out that the egyptian side is the only country in the middle east and north african migratory birds , and the two countries have been carrying bird flu virus into the country .
egypt has announced the ban on imports of live poultry from abroad and strengthened the control of border ports .
kampala , capital of cameroon , said that the chickens were found in the past week .
kampala has decided to suspend the import of poultry from the country where the avian flu epidemic has occurred .
the government of cameroon has also built a network of emergency relief stations that cover the entire territory within a short time , and the country 's bashar center and state veterinary laboratory have also been in an emergency period .
in europe , denmark and sweden have signed a memorandum of understanding on 17 july .
sweden 's veterinary surgeons institute issued a warning to the disease that was found this wednesday .
danish veterinary surgeon confirmed that the disease was caused by the disease in denmark , the country 's national veterinary authority said .
however , the agricultural department said that denmark could not lower its guard .
the european union ( eu ) has been in a state of emergency since the beginning of this year , and the world health organization experts held a meeting in bucharest on 17 august in bucharest , saying that the danube delta region has nearly all the avian flu . it is necessary to take this situation seriously . romania may have to continue to be threatened by the avian flu in the next three or five years .
in the asian region , bangladesh has adopted a variety of measures to prevent the spread of avian influenza .
the government 's domestic and domestic animals services office ( fca ) provides information on the prevention of avian influenza to relevant officials , and also organizing poultry farmers to conduct training .
( press , periodical ) china 's first joint blood information management conference
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 18 , according to the blood center of zhejiang province , the first group of chinese blood data management network systems was recently established in the center and put into use .
zhejiang province 's blood center director said that this is a new phenomenon in which no citizen should be allowed to travel in any county ( city of yantai ) in zhejiang province .
this official pointed out that the " three links " should be implemented through the importation of relevant codes and that the system should be able to give the blood - donors a break .
this is not only a way to protect the lives of the donors themselves , but also to effectively protect the blood users ' health and safety .
in addition , when the blood supply is on the rise , the blood - donors and their families have the right to give priority to their blood , and as long as they are admitted into the blood , they will immediately show the blood - donors ' information and are quite convenient .
according to the hangzhou " today 's morning post , " the incident is now being investigated and dealt with by all 36 enterprises in the province .
to prevent the recurrence of mountain skateboards , 11 villages in the philippines have been evacuated in an emergency evacuation .
xinhua news agency , manila , february 18 , philippine geologists said on the 18th that 11 villages in eastern philippines have been closed to the fire in the area of a mountain skating incident .
the south laided officials said that the government had decided to send a delegation to the united states to help the local government to resume the exercise of the landslide in the mountainous areas on the 17 th .
evacuation 11 months after the evacuation , residents of 11 villages will be resettled in seven evacuation centers .
larijani said that the government has always been following the order of residents to evacuate .
on the 17th , the mountain skating incident occurred in the southern lesotho city of saint lubricon town , southern of south lesotho province . from television to watch , the mud and rocks have already buried the entire village . only can we see the roofs of several roofs .
as the dense land is very thick and humidity ,
at present , there are 109 people dead and 104 others are still being treated .
according to estimates , this time the accident occurred at least 10 people were killed and more than 1000 people were injured .
( overseas chinese )
xinhua news agency , fuzhou , february 19 , by wire ( guo yu ) quanzhou city 's foreign trade export continued to maintain a high growth momentum in january this year .
according to statistics from the customs , in january , quanzhou exported 33.3 - billion us dollars , the best record in history , an increase of 35.2 percent over the same period last year , and a higher level of growth over the average growth of the entire province .
according to the quanzhou city bureau of foreign economic affairs , the total amount of foreign trade in quanzhou in january was high - speed , mainly attributable to the rapid growth of foreign trade support services in quanzhou , and the vigorous growth of enterprises ' exports , the active operation of quanzhou 's economy , the strengthening of enterprise confidence , and the highly effective and unimpeded development environment for foreign trade development .
