two chinese mobile computers , who were carrying the death of princess wanda , were stolen from the investigation data .
london , june 6 , 2007
the daily bulletin of london pointed out that two tvs , each with information on the murder of princess diana in paris in 1997 , were sent to the office of the former chief of general police .
the report pointed out that the stealing case has triggered people speculation that the computer might have been hiding a computer by sir edward steinson , former chief of the castle police officer .
however , a spokesman for the metropolitan police bureau said that there was no sensitive information in the computer or any information related to the investigation .
sir cyril is one of the chief executives of the british northwestern police office , and his office is located in the area of the taiehe new burg .
the report said that the staff of the northwestern police bureau had been tracking two theft cases in the past 10 days .
a weekend holiday that took place between january 28 and 29 , including computers and cash , was taken away , while the second case occurred last week , no losses were reported .
the norwegian police bureau also said there is no evidence to show that the two cases of stealing and sir stevens were related to their work .
steve spin has been chasing the cause of the death of princess wings not directly to cause the accident .
royal autopsionary , robert brigis , ordered in 2004 to continue to trace the evidence .
princess diana was awarded a gold medal in a tunnel accident on august 31 , 1997 , when she died at that time with her .
after two years of investigation , the french police believed that it was a result of the driving and taking of the drug , causing the car to lose control and causing a tragedy .
sri lanka 's warring parties agreed to hold talks in geneva in late may
lumpur , 2007 ( afp )
norway , the mediator of the peace process , said that sri lankan warring groups agreed to hold talks in geneva on the 22nd of this month to resolve the problem of racial bloody clashes which have been going on for several decades , which has been suspended for three years .
the norwegian peace envoy , slocombe , held talks with barzan , negotiator of the tamil tigers ' liberation tiger group , in london , has achieved this breakthrough .
the norwegian embassy in beijing said in a statement that the conflicts in sri lanka were caused by the conflicts between the sri lankan government and the tamil tigers , and asked the norwegian government to assist in holding negotiations in geneva on february 22 and 23 .
the two - day talks will focus on how to strengthen the cease - fire agreement that came into effect on 23 february 2002 , and the agreement has never been fully observed by both sides .
the norwegian embassy said that the two sides will discuss how to improve the cease - fire agreement , which is the first time in three years that the two sides have conducted face - to - face talks on such a high level .
solham said that he will lead the norwegian team to participate in the negotiations , and four representatives of the tamil tigers , headed by barzer khan , while the sri lankan government led by the minister of health .
he said that this is a small step leading to the road of peace , but an important step , and the process is expected to be arduous .
the first face - to - face talks to resolve the sri lankan racial conflict was held in japan in march 2003 , but the tigers of the tamil tigers dismissed their original schedule of holding a seventh meeting in thailand in april 2003 .
south korean delegation to attend the opening ceremony of the winter olympics in dushin
( afp , italy . com . )
the 20 th winter olympics opened in dulin today , and the south korean and north korean sides , which were mutually enemy during the cold war , held a ceremony in which the two delegations jointly entered the stadium .
south korean women 's skating competitor lee baolang and north korean men 's flower skating player han zhengren were the top - level leaders of the two teams , and the north korean team led south korean athletes to the winter olympic games hall .
this is the first time that south korea and north korea have joined hands in the winter olympics .
in order to reflect the unity spirit of the two sides in recent years , the 2000 sydney summer olympics and the 2004 athens olympics , south korea and north korea 's delegations both held a ceremony to get in together .
north korea did not participate in the 19 th winter olympics held in salt lake city , the united states .
the korean peninsula was split into a north korean - communist country that carried out capitalism in 1948 . the two sides carried out a war of hostility during the korean war from 1950 to 1953 .
north korean leaders meet in 2000 after a summit meeting , the two sides changed their relations to a better one .
the greek team is the first country to be admitted , and among the 80 countries participating in the competition , south korea is the 22 nd north korean team , the 23 rd country to be admitted .
the princess national grand leftists are the last country to be admitted , and when the italian team entered the hall , the audience immediately sounded warm cheers and applauses .
hefman had been ill - fated in drug and had been able to quickly break through the stage of performing arts
new york , jan 16 , 2007
it is universally acknowledged that it is the most hope that he will win the oscar film , the potsdam emperor : the main player of the pierce , the crane , the head of the black white , the filipino moshefman , revealed that he had been indulged in drugs and alcohol when he was young , and that he was lucky to set a peak in his career in the performing arts .
in an interview with cbs news magazine , hefman said that he was very excited during the period of time to get drugs and alcohol .
he did not stop at that time , but just graduated from the drama department of new york university , and entered the colorful society . he quickly moved around everyday with the life tone , and finally became a head - on flatter and lost control .
he entered the beeer center in the age of 22 , where he was taken away from the habit of drunk alcohol and drug trafficking , and that was the most panic in his life .
the oscar awards ceremony to be held next month will be held , and hefman will explain the role of american writer kobozo , the movie " the role of god " , the pochi emperor : cold blood , the white , and the most hopeful of winning the best male lead prize .
before that , he had already won many awards , and he had won many awards , including a gold - ball prize , the best male lead .
the 38 - year - old performer said during the interview that if he did not make up his mind to change the habit of being poor before his name , he might not be able to win the nomination of oscar .
he said he admired those who were 19 years old and suddenly became a big gold actress .
bird flu traces four european people in nigeria , panic
brussels , april 16 , 2007
the bird flu virus has continued to appear in europe , causing anxiety among the people .
eu executive committee approved the establishment of another panzhichong area control , bringing all the infected countries under its management , prohibiting all the bird - bird - birds biological exchanges .
the nepalese and alia discovered the deadly h5n1 virus on the eighth day after the outbreak in africa , where the epidemic continuously expanded to more chicken farms , indicating that the northern border has entered niger .
egyptian officials are investigating a sudden outbreak of mass rape in a farm in the south , worrying that the virus may continue to spread .
the european chicken market was affected by the virus incident , and the extent of the drop was sliding . the eu executive committee stressed that there was no reason to panic .
the executive committee is responsible for health and food safety , said the public was concerned about this matter and could not but have been overly reacted .
after the three - kilometer reserve area and 10 - kilometer warning zone , the european commission again paid new regulations to the point where the virus was discovered , and all the european region , which had been found , were buffeted , and then the daqing area .
a eu official who declined to be named pointed out that everyone was nervous and they were all in the evening from one day to the other . they suspected that the outbreak of the epidemic had already broken out .
so far , there have been a total of 1,300 people from the european countries , including austria 's jisa , the german basque of the united states , the united states , the united states of slovenia , and russia 's territory in europe . almost all of them have been traced by the 51 virus , almost all of them have been found in the wild swans .
romania discovered the 31 st case on 16 june , and the first case of the dead was found in the northern part of slovenia , the austrian basque , and the lugenen island of germany .
italy 's southern part was found to have bird flu virus on two ducks , the first wild geese in europe , outside the first wild tiantian , infected the h5n1 virus .
the eu officials are most concerned about the upcoming migratory birds from africa .
the nigerian government is working to stop the spread of the virus in africa to humans .
the government of the country announced that all the people in the area of the infected farm are infected by bird flu , regardless of whether they are threatened by the virus .
the government of neighboring countries of nigeria announced that it had entered a state of alert and sent 4 million us dollars of emergency plans to monitor the border with nigeria .
the newly established national emergency committee said that they had received a report that under the border with the two countries , nearly 400 troops from the two countries had died of bird flu .
the new regulations on the management of electronic banking business in china will come into effect on 1 march .
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese bank will launch a new round of the banking industry in the next few days , according to the china banking regulatory commission ( cbrc ) , the china banking regulatory commission ( cbrc ) , china 's central bank , the people 's bank of china ( cbrc ) , the state statistical office , the state administration of china , the state administration of banking , the state administration of china , the state statistical office , the state administration of china ,
a spokesman for the china banking regulatory commission said that according to the regulations of the management measures , the examination and approval methods of foreign financial institutions have basically remained unchanged , that is , after foreign banks have been allowed to operate internet banking business , if new types of online banking business are to be provided , the main report and bank of china of that branch should be reported to the central bank in china for examination .
to standardize commercial banks ' use of the internet to develop banking business , the people 's bank of china formulated and promulgated the " interim procedures on managing internet banking business . "
a spokesman for the banking regulatory commission said that with the continuous development of the business of commercial banks ' electronic banking , the interim procedures are already unable to meet the requirements of risk supervision by electronic banking , and the cbrc has formulated two new regulations for this purpose .
according to a spokesman for the china banking regulatory commission , the cbrc has a different recognition of the quality of the safety assessment institutions , the administrative licensing system different from the nature of entry into the industry or enterprise qualification , and is not a necessary condition for the evaluation organs to conduct the business of electronic banking safety evaluation , but a reference to the financial institutions in choosing an appraisal institution .
as long as the safety assessment organizations meet the relevant conditions and requirements , even if they do not have the qualification confirmation of the cbrc , the financial institutions may also hire them to carry out an electronic banking safety assessment , but they should be managed according to relevant regulations .
the " procedures for managing the business of electronic banking " consists of nine chapters and nine chapters , namely , the general headquarters application for change of the risk management data exchange and transfer of management operations , and management of cross - border operations , management of operations , supervision of management of affairs , and management of supervision of management of affairs , and supplementary management .
the " guidelines on the evaluation of the security of electronic banks " consists of five chapters , which are divided into 57 general headquarters evaluation of security organs ' evaluation of the implementation of safety evaluation activities and supplementary provisions .
" mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping 's thesis and research " published
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the " mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , deng xiaoping , and chen yun 's thesis " compiled by the central party literature research center was recently published and distributed by the central party literature publishing house .
conduct investigation and study in depth and persist in integrating theory with practice , so as to formulate and implement the correct line , principles , and policies is a major basic experience of the cpc in leading the revolution and the basic work method of the construction of revolutionary martyrs .
mao zedong 's xuan yan , liu shaoqi , zhu jingrong , deng xiaoping , chen qijun , and other revolutionaries of the older generation made many important and brilliant expositions on the issue of investigation and study , and they also went deep to the grass - roots level to personally conduct social investigation and wrote many investigation reports .
their practice and results in conducting investigation and study are of great significance in guiding the party 's and the people 's cause to develop along the correct road .
" mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , and chen yun 's thesis and research " are divided into three parts : the first part is the thesis of mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation on investigation and research , and the second part is a series of articles on investigation and research by mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation , and the third part was the three investigation groups of the mao zedong faction and liu zhan@@
most of these reports were made public for the first time .
in addition , there are also two articles on investigation and study conducted by central leaders in the 1950 s and 1960 s .
russia reiterates adherence to one - china policy
moscow , february 6 ( xinhua ) russian deputy foreign minister alekseyev said here today that russia is willing to work together with china to promote the development of bilateral relations .
alekseyev said that russia has taken note of chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence .
the russian government has always upheld the one - china principle and firmly supported china 's efforts to realize the great cause of national reunification .
last year , after china 's npc passed the anti - secession law , russia took the lead in openly expressing support .
alekseyev said that the russian foreign ministry will issue a statement as soon as possible reiterating the one - china stand and opposing taiwan independence .
third chinese compatriot to be killed in south africa
johannesburg , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese people 's association for friendship with foreign countries ( cpaffc ) , the chinese fujian provincial government , lin yixing , was robbed by local armed elements in his restaurant in south africa on the early morning of the 5th local time , and died of rescue work in the burunan hospital in south africa 's judicial capital , on the morning of the 6th .
according to feng yang , president of the chinese association of liberty provinces , the incident took place in the werkk city of wellington , more than 130 kilometers northwest of burundi .
at that time , the owner of the store , lin yixing , was preparing to close the business for a day .
at that time , three customers were still in the store , one of the customers pulled out of the pistol and rushed to the station to commit robbery .
lin yixing , over 40 , struggled with the culprits . the ruffian fired a shot at lin yixing , but later fled .
when the news came , local people sent lin yixing to the hospital for treatment . because of the fact that lin yixing 's body was filled with a blood - pipe , blood - pipe , blood - seepage , and blood - seepage , he died at around 3 : 30 a. m . on 6 february .
on 6 february , xu defu , chinese consulate general in castle , wu jianguo , consular general of the chinese consulate general , and lin changming , vice president of the association of fellow countrymen in fujian of south africa , rushed to burunan to assist the family of the deceased in handling matters of aftermath .
lin yixing became the first third person of chinese who was shot and killed by the robbers in 36 hours and was also the fourth chinese who was killed in south africa since the beginning of this year .
( newspaper clip ) shanghai : part - time and college graduates become main force in hours work
beijing , february 7 ( xinhua ) the labor and social security bureau of shanghai on the 6th released the latest contract for 2006 labor day , which has a total of 120 positions , an increase of 11 over the previous one , and the original 11 positions have been reduced .
according to an estimate by relevant experts of the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau , at present , the number of hours employees in shanghai has exceeded 1 million .
according to a report by china youth daily , graduates and part - time staff of colleges and universities are the main component of the working class .
through direct investigations of nearly 8,000 hours of work , more than half of the staff are part - time workers , and the proportion of them is 51.1 percent .
the cultural level of part - time workers is generally higher , mainly in work with a strong technical level , such as translation , part - time staff , up to 81.17 percent , and fitness level up to 61.66 percent .
high income is an important reason why many people are working for hours .
it is understood that the monthly income of individual positions can reach tens of thousands of yuan , and the first is difficult to find , just as the voice is transmitted , and the monthly income of the working hours can reach more than 2,000 yuan . for example , the part - time financial staff , like the jingji shiqing siyi , etc.
to satisfy individual interests and expand their knowledge , it is also a major part of the work to be favored by working hours .
for example , mr. gu , who is the manager of a certain enterprise , will take several hours a week to handle the work of the financial account of a certain foreign - funded representative office .
mr koo said that the most important part - time earnings were the continual updating of his knowledge and the opportunity to involve another field . of course , the income of the 2,000 yuan per month also has a certain amount of attraction .
as some hours of work posts have low employment threshold , the working style is flexible and free , and many of the graduates who are seeking employment are gradually favoring . among the working hours , 14-4 percent are college graduates for nearly three years .
i did n't want to work for an hour at the beginning , but after several months i felt it was more important than working on the evening of 9 : 00 , 9 : 00 .
after graduating from college student huang , the job he found was not satisfactory . finally , he hung up his name at a hotel and used a piano to play background music .
i am very satisfied with my current work , and the environment is good for one hour , and i am now trying to find a few hours of workers , like a few hours of workers , a few hours of workers .
it is understood that working hours have become a part of the experience of some graduates who are seeking jobs to accumulate experience , improve their skills in work , improve communication skills , and increase social records .
the main reason for graduates to work in an hour is their knowledge and skills , such as those with relatively strong professional interpreters , times and characteristics , and their artistic skills with a strong sense of professionalism .
if the technical requirements for part - time workers are not high , such as food promoters and salesman , etc. , the unemployed can get jobs through simple training .
data show that among the hours ' workers , the proportion of those who used to work as unemployed reached 39.0 percent , of whom the proportion of unemployed people in retail categories reached 68.4 percent , and the proportion of those in the catering industry was 58.79 percent , and that the hours of work became an important channel for the unemployed to find jobs .
wu bangguo inspects anhui
beijing , february 8 ( xinhua ) the standing committee of the political bureau of the central committee of the communist party of china ( cpc ) , wu bangguo , chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) , stressed the need to take three important ideas as guidance for the work of anhui province , persist in taking the scientific development concept as the guide , conscientiously implement the central principles and policies in light of local realities , further emancipate the mind , carry out work , and implement the scientific
from 6 to 8 february , wu bangguo went to the wuhu compound of wuhu , wuhu , and other places , and went deep into enterprises ' rural scientific research institutes and colleges of higher learning to inspect their work .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui has the advantages of linking up with the north of qisang in the east and qisang in the south . it is an important agricultural region in china . its natural resources are abundant , its industrial foundation is good , its scientific and educational resources are strong , its cultural and tourist resources are unique , and its development potential is huge .
anhui should firmly seize the important opportunity to promote the rise of the central region , consistently persist in economic construction as the central task , and conscientiously implement the central guidelines and policies in close connection with anhui 's realities , creatively carry out work , implement the scientific development concept in specific measures , and implement it in practical work .
we should sum up practical experience in a timely manner , fully rely on the people and the masses , vigorously support reform and innovation , and constantly open up a new situation in anhui work .
we should actively promote the building of a harmonious society , persist in properly safeguarding the fundamental interests of the overwhelming majority of the people as the starting point and the end - result of all our work , actively create conditions , and gradually resolve the actual problems of the masses in difficulty , gradually adjust the distribution relationship , gradually change the urban - rural dual structure , gradually narrow the gap between the urban and rural areas , and safeguard social fairness and justice , so that all the people can share the fruits of reform and
wu bangguo stressed : china has reached the point that it is necessary to rely more on the enhancement of its ability to make innovations on its own and the improvement of its workers ' quality to promote economic and social development . only by vigorously promoting scientific and technological progress and innovation can we achieve a leap in the quality of productive forces and promote economic and social development to the track of scientific development .
we should establish and improve as soon as possible the system and mechanism that are conducive to innovation , increase scientific and technological input , encourage patent inventions , develop brand names , speed up the transformation of scientific and technological achievements into practical productive forces , strengthen the main role of enterprises in independent innovation , and constantly raise the contribution rate of scientific and technological progress to economic growth .
we should support and encourage the participation of key technical elements in distribution , establish and improve a statistical system that embodies the ability of independent innovation , study and formulate a system of supporting independent innovation in fiscal , taxation , and government procurement , and form a policy system that encourages independent innovation .
we should cultivate and foster a sense of innovation in the whole society , vigorously advocate the spirit of daring to innovate and compete , and strive to create a good atmosphere of bringing forth talented people in large numbers .
wu bangguo pointed out : the people 's congresses have played an increasingly great role in the process of ruling the country according to law and building a socialist country ruled by law .
to do a good job in the work of the people 's congresses under the new situation , first , we should adhere to the correct political orientation , unswervingly follow the path of socialist political development with chinese characteristics , and organically integrate the adherence to the party 's leadership of the people as the masters of their own affairs with the rule of law .
second , we should closely center on the overall situation of the work of the party and the state , closely center on major issues in reform , development , and stability , work around hot and difficult issues of common concern to the masses , and constantly enhance the effectiveness of the work of the people 's congresses .
third , we should give play to the characteristics and advantages of the people 's congress work , uphold democratic centralism , handle affairs according to procedures , and make decisions collectively .
we must persist in following the mass line , take people as the foundation , use power for the people , be concerned with the people , and work for the interests of the people .
china proposes plan for future 15 years of heavy scientific research
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has made great efforts to promote sustainable development and achieve breakthroughs in key fields in order to enhance china 's international competitiveness , the white paper on the outline of the national long - term scientific and technological development program ( 2006 - 2020 ) , which was published by the state council on the 9th .
the four major scientific plans are the key research projects of the study of the protein nature , the regulation and control of the nanqi rice research and the development and reproductive research .
the outline points out that protein science is a high - level commanding height in life science which developed countries are keen on contention .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on studying the feasibility of transferring important biological systems to form a group of the ' three parts ' of the ' three represents ' in the study of the ' three represents ' in the study of the structure of the chinese genetic research , the research on the genetic structure of the chinese genetic research system , the role of the chinese protein , and the biomedical and protestant - related research .
the outline also holds that research on quantitative regulation and control is obviously forward - looking and it is possible to produce a tremendous impact on the economic development of human society in 2030 .
china should focus on studying the carrier and the principles and methods of regulation and control of quantum communications , the new quantitative effects of the quantitative system of the limited measurements , the new principles and new technological foundation of the measurement of measurements and measurements .
in addition , the outline points out that nanometer technology has become a strategic choice for many countries to enhance their core competitiveness and is also one of the fields in which china is expected to achieve leapfrog development .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on research in this field , including the possible control of nanometer materials , the assembly and function of the units , the development of the field of electronic science and technology of nanomeito , nanomei medical , and nanometric yardstick , and the study of measurement and nanometer technology in the environment of energy resources , the application of nanometer technology , and the application of nanometer technology in the information
china has a large population growth , a large number of birth problems , a serious shortage of transplant organs , and a peak of aging is coming soon . therefore , it is urgently necessary to make breakthroughs in the theory of reproductive and reproductive science and to make technological innovations .
according to the outline , china will focus on research on the increase of stockholders ' reproductive forces and the adjustment and control of the stem cells , and the maturity and maturity of the married cells , the declining and redundancy of human reproductive functions , the security and ethical values of the technology of supporting reproductive and stem cells .
shanghai 's real estate price index falls nearly 7 percent last year
shanghai , february 9 ( xinhua ) the state will launch a comprehensive regulation and control of real estate industry in 2005 , which will have a significant effect in shanghai .
according to the latest data , shanghai 's real estate industry index dropped or decreased significantly last year .
the increase in the prices of residential housing was 6.6 percentage points lower than the previous year , while the added value of real estate industry declined 4.1 percent over the previous year .
pan jian , director of the shanghai municipal bureau of statistics , said at a news briefing the other day that the average sales price of residential houses in shanghai in 2005 was 698 yuan / square meters , an increase of 313 yuan over 2004 .
the price of residential housing for the year increased 9.2 percent over the previous year , and the rate of increase was 6.6 percentage points lower than the previous year .
the added value of the real estate industry for the year was 67.023 - billion yuan , down 4.1 percent from the previous year .
in the balance of loans granted by financial institutions , the outstanding amount of personal housing mortgage loans was 26.494 - billion yuan , with the newly added amount of 25.44 - billion yuan in that year , and the new loan increase in 2004 reaching 72.20.09 - billion yuan .
pan jianxin said : judging from the sales prices of shanghai 's real estate throughout the year , the sales prices of commercial housing have declined steadily .
the statistics communique also showed that according to the latest data , the increase in shanghai 's real estate prices has dropped somewhat in 2005 , and the average sales price of residential housing is 6698 yuan / square meters , up 313 yuan over 2004 .
the overall price of housing in 2005 rose 9.79 percent over the previous year , a drop of 6.2 percent over the previous year .
according to him , last year shanghai completed a total of 124.68 billion yuan of investment in real estate development , an increase of 6.1 percent over the previous year .
the sales area was 315.887 million square meters , down 9.55 percent .
the sales of commercial properties for the year were 21.63 billion yuan , down 4.55 percent from the previous year .
two light plane crashed in new zealand
wellington , february 9 ( xinhua ) two new zealand light planes crashed in the city of southwestern of southwestern china on saturday , causing the crash of two chinese pilots at the same time , according to a report by the state department .
according to a relevant responsible person of the local civil aviation department , the two pilots on board were all students of the school of flight of the university of marsh , and they were still receiving training , and they have not obtained their flight license .
at the time of the incident , the two planes were in a non - air control zone . according to regulations , when flying in such a region , the pilots should be responsible for the navigation and safety of the aircraft .
a witness at the scene of the incident told new zealand media that he had heard huge explosions when the plane collided and saw the plane crashed at the ground at a speed .
another eyewitnesses also confirmed that before the plane crash , they heard huge explosions and saw the aircraft crashed .
the reason for the collision is not clear at present , local civil aviation departments will carry out investigation on this .
chinese , argentine fans condemn chen shui - bian 's remarks on taiwan independence
buenos aires , february 8 ( xinhua ) a chinese delegation headed by overseas chinese and chinese nationals residing in argentina , arrived here today for a six - day official visit to argentina , which is the first time in a series of meetings between chinese and argentine leaders , and expressed strong condemnation of chen shui - bian 's recent attempt to separate taiwan from china .
the statement said : in his speech on 29 january , chen shui - bian declared that he would abolish the " national unification council " and the " national unification guidelines " and take another step toward the independence of taiwan .
the expectations of compatriots on both sides of the strait for peace and the good aspirations of the taiwan compatriots for peace and stability and development will face severe challenges .
the statement pointed out that it is necessary to resolutely oppose and check the separatist activities of taiwan independence and safeguard peace and stability in the taiwan strait and the current most urgent task for compatriots on both sides of the strait and all chinese people in the world .
the statement stressed that the argentine association for promoting china 's peaceful reunification is willing to work together with all overseas chinese and chinese nationals from both sides of the taiwan strait to uphold the one - china principle , resolutely oppose any form of taiwan independence , and actively promote china 's peaceful reunification .
prc expert : us preaching ' china threat ' groundless accusation
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will continue to provide assistance to the congress in the " 4 - year defense review report " , which was officially submitted by the pentagon to congress recently , said for the first time that china is the most likely emerging power that may pose a military challenge to the united states .
experts believe that this is an unreasonable accusation of china 's normal national defense construction , and exaggerating the china military threat theory is an interference in china 's internal affairs .
the " four - year defense evaluation report " is a new document of the pentagon 's guidance for national defense .
the report , which has been up to 92 pages , has used three sections to explain the military power of china and the ways the united states should adopt to deal with the situation , directly mentioned china , or china , two terms , which are two phrases , namely , china , or china . as a major and emerging power , china has the most potential to engage in military competition with the united states ; if the united states does not have any countermeasures , china may develop military technology , and develop
yao yunzhu , researcher of the world military research department of the chinese academy of military sciences , said : although senior us officials have expressed similar viewpoints many times before , this is the first time that the united states has proposed in the defense strategy report that china is the newly emerging power that is most likely to pose a military challenge to the united states .
the report clearly defines russia 's relationship with china as a newly emerging strategic adversary , especially the so - called ' the china threat theory ' , for the first time .
major general peng guangqian , researcher of the chinese academy of military sciences , said :
it is noteworthy that the report on the fourth - year defense review was formally submitted on the same day , and us president bush also submitted to congress the 2007 fiscal budget , of which the defense budget was 43.93 - billion us dollars .
if the military action is added to the budget for iraq and afghanistan , the us military budget for 2007 will break through the 500 - billion - dollar barrier , creating a new record , and peng guangqian said , adding that this is almost the same as the other countries in the world .
peng guangqian said that the united states has miscalculated the pentagon 's ability to create enemies ' bad style of ' theory of threat of other countries ' and its true purpose is to win more national defense funds and to make greater contributions to the huge us arms industry groups .
experts say that compared with the huge military spending of the united states , china 's defense spending is quite limited .
military expert deng hongzhou , who had participated in many times the white paper on national defense , said : since the 1990 s , with economic development , china 's national defense spending has increased somewhat , but the proportion of national fiscal expenditure in the same period has been on the decline .
official statistics show that compared with 1979 , china 's national defense expenditure accounts for a decrease of nearly 10 percentage points in 2004 and that of the same period of the year .
china 's defense spending in 2005 is 244.656 - billion yuan , which is only about one - tenth of the united states ' national defense spending , and the per - capita military expenditure is only about one - sixth of the united states , and the per - capita military expenditure is about one - third of the us military 's .
the united states ' land area and china 's territory are roughly similar , but the difference in military expenditure is so huge , which military power is actually exceeding the legitimate defense needs . this is self - evident .
peng guangqian said :
teng jianqun , director of the research department of the china arms control and disarmament association , said that the united states should objectively evaluate the situation of china 's military construction , and that china 's peaceful development does not mean that china and the united states will become militarily adversaries .
the white paper on china 's national defense in 2004 says that china firmly follows the path of peaceful development and pursues a defensive national defense policy .
china did not have a future either in the past or now , nor will it pose a threat to any country .
so far , china has not established military bases in any other country , nor has it sent a single soldier to other countries , while the united states has more than 100 military bases overseas , and has only been deployed in asia for over 100,000 people .
professor zhu feng of the international relations college of beijing university said : china and the united states should increase communication and exchanges through the established channels , enhance understanding and mutual trust , and comprehensively promote the constructive and cooperative relations between china and the united states in the new century to jointly promote world peace and development .
( winter olympics ) opening ceremony of the turin winter olympics will be a passive show
dulingling , february 9 ( xinhua ) the 20 th winter olympic games will be held on the evening of the 10 th at the olympic games hall in turin , capital of east china 's capital , at 8 : 00 local time .
on 9 may , the organizing committee of the turin winter games revealed to reporters the brilliant arrangements of the opening ceremony .
on the opening ceremony , the chairman of the organizing committee , katherani , expressed his confidence that the opening ceremony would cost 10 million euros and would bring together the italian top - level personnel in various fields .
he said : the evening of 10 april will be a wonderful day . by that time , 350,000 viewers in the meeting hall and some 2 - billion television audience in the world will see the opening ceremony full of passion and success .
the warm flames were filled with the resplendent red - heart - renzvous five - ring peace pigeon and the white snow and cows of the bell mountain will appear at the opening ceremony . the director said that the warm - up , lively , and italian - style talent will become the theme of the opening ceremony , the largest theme of the exhibition of the winter games , and he will show people the great aspirations of the ancient italian culture .
the famous italian design master , amani , specially designed the garments for the opening ceremony . famous italian fashion brand - name mooskono will provide a courtesy to the guide of the olympic games .
however , is the famous italian tennis pravo going to play a song at the opening ceremony ? the organizing committee will keep this uncertainty in the end .
eight teams of the ice basketball athletes who can flame flames will demonstrate the flames of burning with a flame of more than three meters long . they will display the flames at a speed of 70 kilometers on several occasions .
the official of the organizing committee said that this was the most satisfactory creation in their opening ceremony performance .
on how to lit the main torch , the organizing committee did not reveal it ahead of time , but the main torch platform , which is as high as 57 meters , will light the residents of the city of zurich and nearby albert hill .
white house announces bush 's visit to pakistan and india in march
washington , february 9 ( xinhua ) the white house spokesman , john claren , said today that the united states has been trying to make a decision on the islamic republic 's right to pretend the " islamic world " despite the comic incident of blasphemy of islam .
mcclellan said that bush is looking forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he also said that he is making arrangements for this visit .
mcclellan made the above remarks when he held various demonstrations in some areas of pakistan to protest against the blasphemy of islam 's predecessor mohammed .
in january this year , when bush met with pakistani prime minister shaukat aziz at the white house , both sides expressed the wish to strengthen friendly cooperation and jointly crack down on terrorism that jeopardizes the security of the two countries .
bush also said that at the invitation of the pakistani and indian governments , he will pay a visit to pakistan and india in march .
hamas cabinet seeks breakthroughs
ramallah , february 9 ( xinhua ) hamas has formed a cabinet to seek breakthroughs
xinhua news agency , beijing , march 20 ,
the palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) has won the election of a legislative council , and how to draw a blueprint for the new administration has become the focus of attention in the international community at present .
what kind of new policy will hamas directly affect the relevant parties in the peace process in the next step of their policy direction .
at the same time , the resistance attitude of the united states and israel has added variables to the prospects of the hamas government .
at present , all parties in palestine are stepping up consultations to discuss the issues of the difficulties and sensitive points in the formation of the cabinet , which involve future developments in the situation .
how can the premier 's position be flown ?
after hamas won the cabinet , some people in the outside world were worried that hamas prime minister sheikh al-aqsa might have a dispute with the top leader abbas .
moreover , hamas leader mohamad , who is currently visiting egypt , stressed that the new palestinian government , which was formed by hamas , will not recognize israel , and this hard - line signal has also intensified international anxiety .
the united states and israel explicitly indicated that they would not accept a hamas government that has real power , and threatened to break off economic aid to palestine and to hand over taxes to palestine .
however , this does not obstruct the flexible strategic adjustment of hamas , and the election of an independent person is a compromise .
according to reports , in order to obtain international recognition to the greatest extent , hamas leaders at home and abroad , who are gathering in egypt recently , decided to elect an independent maqabaya holy , chairman of the board of directors of the sakalta islamic university , as new prime minister .
this move has not yet received the response from the parties concerned .
palestinian analyst hossein said that the most crucial thing is the prime minister 's choice as far as possible to lessen hamas 's hard - line tone , and only thus can the cabinet be guaranteed .
how to distribute power ( subhead )
in the internal aspect , the biggest challenge facing hamas in forming a cabinet is the lack of sufficient experience in governance .
in an analysis published in the palestinian newspaper , shih pao said that hamas has assembled people through social welfare projects , but it lacks experience in governance and is closely linked with the palestinian national liberation movement ( fatah ) , which has experience in governance .
after the election , hamas proposed establishing a political partnership with fatah , and jointly formed a national coalition government . however , fatah has not given a positive response to this .
within fatah , there are different opinions on whether to enter the cabinet , and one faction advocates participating in the new government , thus making some achievements , while the other faction refuses to invite hamas , and is willing to be a positive opposition party at the legislative yuan .
the informed source pointed out that , under abbas 's persuasion , fatah gradually tends to join the new government .
even if this is the case , hamas and fatah will also bargain over the distribution of cabinet positions .
in addition , another way is to separate the formation of a legislative yuan from a cabinet of consortia .
according to reports , hamas also designed a clean and expert government , but the specific list is unknown .
in view of the attitude of the united states and israel , the technological expert - type government can not be regarded as a form of cabinet formation that can reduce external pressure .
according to the palestinian " basic law , " after the new legislative yuan was inaugurated on 16 february , the work of nominating the prime minister and forming a cabinet will be completed within three to five weeks .
what course the armed forces should follow ?
the weapons in hamas are another thorny issue facing the new government .
the us and israel have adopted a very tough attitude and resolutely demanded hamas to abandon violence and refuse to take part in political affairs .
hamas leader mahar stressed on 9 may that armed resistance was a strategic choice of the organization .
the armed issue actually includes the legality of weapons and the issue of the ownership of armed forces .
hamas is the first largest party to be elected through democracy and freedom , and has been recognized internationally . its subordinate armed factions , like qassam brigades , are also legalized .
hamas once proposed that all factions be reunified to serve the palestinian national authority , but did not receive a wide - ranging response , and was also opposed by the palestinian islamic jihad ( jhad ) .
palestine now has over 60,000 security personnel , and the overwhelming majority of them come from the fatah camp .
moreover , there are also armed factions in fatah , which are loose in organizational relations , such as the masanjia martyrs brigades , the masanjia , the fatah , and so on .
hamas , which is responsible for forming a cabinet , must reach an agreement with abbas on how to manage these armed forces that are under their own jurisdiction and reasonably distribute security management powers .
according to local media reports , abbas intends to be in charge of security and intelligence units , police , civil defense , and other organizations , but the new government 's ministry of interior will be under the control of the ministry of internal affairs .
however , the parties concerned are still holding consultations on this sensitive issue , and so far there is no further question .
china issues polar observation report
beijing , february 10 ( xinhua ) china 's national oceanic administration recently issued the " 2005 china polar survey report " , which is a major event in china 's polar scientific expedition activities over the past 20 years and more .
the report fully reflects the latest developments in china 's polar scientific research activities in 2005 , the polar field logistics support base scientific research , and other situations .
according to the " report , " at 22:15 on 9 january 2005 ( beijing time ) , the antarctic of china 's southern region detected a successful hilltop ice - covered ice - covered ice - covered ice - covered area at the top of the antarctic . at 3:15 on 18 january , it also decided to record the highest point of the ice - blue wall 's highest peak at the beijing time .
the united states is now making a big contribution to the development of the world 's economy .
sun zhihui , director of the state oceanic administration , said :
the " report " shows that on 24 march 2005 , the 21 st expedition team of the antarctic of china returned to shanghai after successfully completing its mission . the inspection lasted 151 days and has a voyage of 2,6500 nautical miles .
on 18 november of the same year , the 22nd expedition team of china 's antarctic expedition left shanghai and went to the antarctic zhongshan station to conduct the scientific expedition . it will leave the zhongshan station by the end of february 2006 and return to shanghai via australia .
since it was the first time that china issued the polar observation report , the " 2005 china polar survey report " also set a new and higher standard for china 's polar research , which started in the early 1980 s .
according to the " report , " china formally joined the " antarctic treaty " in 1983 , becoming a member of the antarctic treaty organization , and successively becoming a member of the nantarctic treaty consultation committee on the nantarctic scientific research council , the council of the bureau of directors of the antarctic international organization , and other most influential members of the international organization for international affairs .
in 1997 , china became a member of the arctic science committee , and won the right to speak and make decisions in international polar affairs .
the " report " points out that over the past 20 years , china 's polar observation has never come to a certain place , constantly developed , and initially built three main stations , namely , the three - stop shipbuilding , the north pole scientific research system , namely , the north pole - north pole long town station built in february 1985 , the antarctic central mountain station built in february 1989 , and the north pole station established in july 2004 , and the north pole station
according to statistics , by the end of 2005 , china has organized 22 antarctic scientific expedition and 2 nd inspection tour of the southern pole , with the snow - covered snow - capped ship as the second batch of north pole scientific observation station on pingtai , and so far more than 3,000 people have been inspected in the southern pond to inspect the site of the north pole .
currently , we are working hard to build the third antarctic expedition station , and is also china 's first inland antarctic inland inland station to conduct feasibility study and investigation .
sun zhihui said :
after more than 20 years of efforts , china 's polar expedition has been a major part of the world 's polar research , but it is still far from being compared to other major polar observation countries .
he said .
sun zhihui disclosed that china will publish an extremely study report annually in the future .
castro meets chinese official on scientific , educational cooperation
havana , february 10 ( xinhua ) cuba 's president fidel castro met here today with visiting chinese state councilor chen zhili , who is on a visit to cuba , and both sides expressed their willingness to continuously strengthen mutually beneficial cooperation in education , science and technology and other fields .
president castro warmly welcomed state councilor chen to cuba .
he said : cuba and china have enjoyed very good relations , and the exchange of high - level visits has been frequent , which has effectively promoted and strengthened the friendship and mutual understanding between the two sides . he hoped that the two countries will continuously deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in various fields , including education and science and technology .
chen said that cuba is an important country with important influence in latin america and the caribbean region .
the friendly contacts between the chinese and cuban peoples date back to ancient times .
cuba is the first latin american country to establish diplomatic relations with new china .
after entering the new century , with the concern and promotion of the leaders of the two countries , political mutual trust between the two countries has been increasing , the fields of cooperation have been expanding , and mutual support and cooperation in international affairs have entered a new period of comprehensive development of sino - cuban friendly relations .
she believed that with the joint efforts of both sides , sino - cuban friendly cooperation will certainly yield more fruitful results .
chen zhili also pointed out that the chinese government has always attached importance to exchanges and cooperation with cuba in the field of education .
in recent years , educational exchanges between the two countries have become increasingly close and personnel contacts have been frequent .
china actively supports the international meetings held by the guerrilla and has sent a delegation to attend the previous world higher education conferences and the 2005 anti - illiteracy conference .
cuba 's basic education is very high , and we hope to further strengthen relevant experience and exchange in the future .
chen zhili said : china and cuba have their respective advantages in scientific and technological research and development . through cooperation in various fields , they can achieve a win - win situation for mutual benefit .
the chinese side will help cuba in its scientific research and equipment this time , and hopes to play a positive role in cuban scientific research and production .
she also briefed castro on china 's strategy of invigorating the country through science and education and the national scientific and technological conference .
chen zhili arrived in cuba on 9 february at the invitation of the cuban government to begin his visit to cuba at the invitation of the cuban government .
during this period , chen zhili met with cuban minister of higher education vilino and inspected the work of the university of havana on the construction of the wuxi maita middle school and the santa maria primary school .
no explosion in beijing - kazakhstan highway
harbin , february 11 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will take measures to reduce the number of accidents in the area of the beijing - kazakhstan highway at around 2300 on february 10 , causing a closure of some road sections .
according to the police of the traffic police unit of the shuangcheng city public security bureau , at around 2300 on 10 april , a car collision accident occurred at 58 km of the beijing - ha highway . a passenger of a villa , a car , and an oil tanker crashed together . the car was found to have cracks leaked and the scrap of the oil tanker was loaded on the road .
it is understood that the tanker loaded waste oil after producing coke .
because of the high concentration of waste oil and the high temperature , the departments concerned have already put the road of the accident to a close .
some roads in harbin to shuangcheng are closed , and many vehicles are bypassing .
at present , relevant departments are screening the scene , and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) and hutchison whampoa announced the listing of the italian company in yanan , italy .
hong kong , february 11 ( xinhua ) the extension of the three - dimensional telecommunications service company , the italian company , the third largest telecommunications company in southwest china , will be postponed on february 11 .
huo jianning , general manager of the huanggang group , said that although the three italian muscle qun has been approved by all relevant supervisory agencies , due to the fact that the prospectus process must be completed within the next few weeks , the time is too hasty .
at the same time , the current situation of european telecommunications stocks is weak , and the market may not necessarily be able to provide italy 's third largest share market value that is suitable for listing at this moment .
in view of the fact that shareholders have the greatest interest to consider , the decision was decided to postpone the listing .
as for when to relist the stocks , mr fok said that it would depend on future trends in the european telecommunications market .
he held that during the period from now to further recruiting shares , massimo 3 , italy needs to conduct extensive investment education activities to enable the global telecommunications investment market to clearly understand the strong performance and favorable prospects of italy 's current strong performance .
in addition , according to media reports , the investment bank of the three italian pankuang coordination group , a high - level investment bank , agreed to use 420 million euros to sell the shares of 10 percent of the shares of the italian - based three chariots before the end of march this year .
china , myanmar enjoy good potential in economic and trade ties
yangon , february 12 ( xinhua ) chinese ambassador to myanmar liu mu and economic and trade counselor tang hai met with myanmar prime minister shawn on the eve of his 14 th visit to china , during which they said that the economic and trade relations between china and burma are developing in a rich and colorful form of cooperation and mutual benefit , and that is a good situation of joint development of the two countries .
ambassador guan qiubao said : in recent years , the good - neighborly and friendly relations between china and burma , which have been built on the five principles of peaceful coexistence , have been consolidated and developed , exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been expanding and deepening , and economic and trade relations between the two countries have been constantly expanded and strengthened .
counselor tang said that the high - level exchange of visits between the two countries has given a powerful impetus to the development of economic and trade cooperation between the two countries .
during the high - level exchange of visits between the two countries in 2004 , the two sides signed 33 documents on economic and trade cooperation , most of which are being implemented and implemented .
he said : 2004 is $ 11.4 - billion , and by 2005 it will reach $ 12.09 - billion , of which china 's exports will be $ 935 - billion and imports will be $ 274 - million .
in bilateral trade last year , trade between china 's yunnan and myanmar amounted to 630 million us dollars , up 14.666 percent over the previous year .
tang said that myanmar has become an important market for chinese enterprises to carry out contract projects , and china has built a bridge for power stations , a bridge of bridges and a factory ( such as the canyon textile mill , the liuwei menger , and a paper mill ) .
chinese enterprises have carried out engineering business in burma , bringing along the export of various kinds of mechanical and electrical products in china , and myanmar has become one of china 's major markets for the export of complete sets of equipment and mechanical and electrical products .
according to statistics from china 's customs , in the past five to six years , the export of mechanical and electrical products has accounted for about 45.5 percent of china 's total export volume to burma .
tang said that myanmar has abundant resources and china has already started to invest in the burmese petroleum gas , gas , and bronze mine projects , and the development potential of sino - burmese economic and trade cooperation is great .
he hoped that chinese enterprises will have a long - term vision , learn to avoid risks , make prudent decisions , and build up their image , so that they will be able to ensure their quality and ensure their quality and work on time and win glory for the country .
ambassador guan mu and counselor tang haihai both believe that premier soe win 's upcoming official visit to china is a major event in bilateral relations this year and is of great significance to enhancing political mutual trust , promoting bilateral cooperation , and further developing good - neighborly and friendly relations between china and burma .
the two sides are expected to sign several documents on economic and trade cooperation during the visit .
world bank to reduce debt
moscow , february 11 ( xinhua ) world bank president wolfowitz said in moscow on wednesday that the world bank will completely remove the debt of the poorest countries before the middle of this year .
wolfowitz held talks with the heads of state of various countries who came to moscow to attend the g - 8 finance ministers ' meeting on the same day .
in a statement issued after the meeting , he said that the world bank will implement the debt relief and relief program before july 1 , and that the world bank is currently finishing all technical work .
last year , the world bank donated countries completely eliminated debts owed by 28 countries , and indicated that they would fill the funds for the relevant trust funds .
the debt obligations of the imf are relatively small , and the imf will start to reduce or waive their debts by the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz 's decision to exempt russia from debt of 16 african countries .
the us - based tvb is becoming the mainstream
new york , february 12 ( xinhua ) the high resolution digital television ( mi ) , a television station of the high resolution rate , has been continuously declining and the market has been expanding , and us television media organizations have also stepped up to introduce corresponding tv programs on the high - tech .
the us super - green rugby tournament , which just ended , has become a popular example of the american broadcasting industry in welcoming the tsinghua era .
according to a recent report by the " financial times , " the us congress recently passed a bill , stipulating that american broadcast operators must stop broadcasting the current mock television signal on 17 february 2009 , and that they can only broadcast digital signals .
this means that the comprehensive digitization of the us television programs has a clear timetable .
the popularization of high resolution digital television on the one hand requires consumers to buy television sets while on the other hand , it depends on manufacturers to provide high - resolution digital programs .
although digital television has been repeatedly mentioned in the past few years , it has never become a reality .
this problem has taken a turn for the better this year .
according to the forecast of the american consumer electronics association , the number of digital television sets will be sold in the united states for the first time exceeding traditional television sets , while 85.0 percent of the digital television sets are high resolution products .
japanese researchers develop new highly efficient human kidney
tokyo , february 13 ( xinhua ) the research institute of the east china sea university of japan has developed a kind of biological humans kidney , which is not only similar to the kidney kidney of humans , but also has the functions of retaining the material elements , and is small in volume and easy to transplant . as the research is carried out in depth , it is expected to bring fuyuan to kidney patients .
according to a report by nihon keizai industrial news a few days ago , the newly developed biological man - made kidney is mainly composed of two parts , and the part is the filtration of the daimi and the salon people who are engaged in water . the other part is the use of the original urine diving and the ditch of the blood rereturned to the pynedy paddy , which is a case of careful calculation .
the people of the village are very famous in the chinese air , and the people of the building of a kidney , the carefully and carefully built the silk line , and the inside side of the building is full of the functions of substituting the waste .
this skins cells can make many of the diseases caused by blood on the same side , and can change the nature of the mutated flour , and the subtract of the matter to the hydraulic acid and return to the country . at the same time , it can also enable the wine , which is essential for body to enter the blood and the raw materials .
in the past , the human - made kidney relied on the difference of penetration pressure to filter and dissolve the waste completely and did not have the capability to reproduce the ingredients of the amino and other elements into the blood .
researchers have used the hillside to conduct experiments on biological human kidney transplantation , and use pig on the walls of the sino - air silk line with humans and kidney .
two weeks later , researchers confirmed that human kidney is capable of performing its functions .
at present , they are developing and using the biological human kidney cells of human kidney and will start clinical research after verifying their safety .
china 's power industry still faces severe challenges
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the person in charge of the state power supervision and administration commission said on the 13th that although the safety of electric power production has remained stable in 2005 , the production safety of electric power still faces severe challenges .
shi yulu , vice - chairman of the national electricity control commission , said here today that china will continue to make efforts to promote the development of electric power industry in 2005 , and that china will make efforts to improve its power industry and improve its power supply system .
however , he pointed out that with changes in the situation of power supply and demand and the successive operation of a large number of newly built power generating units , the production of power safety will face new challenges .
these challenges include the regional short - term shortage of electricity in the area of basel , and the situation of power supply and demand in some areas remains tight , and because the good mechanism of coal prices has not yet taken shape , there is still a big problem in coal supply , and at the same time , the problem of the reduction in coal quality has not been effectively brought under control , which will have a serious impact on the stable operation of power generating units , and the weak power supply system will
shi yumubo said : as the reform of the power system deepens , many deep - seated contradictions will continue to be exposed . how to maintain the stability of the workers ' contingent and ensure the normal production order will become a new problem facing us .
in view of the work of electric power safety in 2006 , shi yumubo said : we should further consolidate the foundation work for the management of power safety and should accelerate the establishment and improvement of the power safety emergency management mechanism , enhance the ability to deal with sudden accidents , strengthen the coordination and cooperation of power plants and power plants , jointly safeguard the safety of power systems , continue to do a good job in the work of safety supervision and management of the dam , and ensure safety in the construction
it is reported that in light of the new situation in power safety management , the state power supervision commission will carry out revision of the " interim provisions on investigation of accidents in electric power production " which have been promulgated this year . at the same time , the relevant documents on safety protection of the dam of water power stations and the second system of power generation will be distributed to the public this year .
in 2005 , china 's total electricity consumption will reach 24689.9 billion kilowatt - hours , up 13.45 percent over the same period of last year .
in the face of the situation of power supply and demand , such as the situation of shortage of power supply and demand , the contradiction between coal , electricity , oil , and transportation , all electric power enterprises have earnestly adopted effective measures to strengthen equipment management , and there was no major equipment accident in the whole country last year .
the number of accidents involving power grids decreased by 127 , while the number of accidents involving equipment decreased by 427 , down by 132 compared with the same period last year .
south african envoy to china said that there is no organized crime in south africa and that china is a citizen .
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) south african embassy in china is here today to attend the opening ceremony of the south african embassy in china , concord , the charge d'affaires ad interim of south africa 's chinese embassy in china , said a senior official here today .
he also said that the south african government will do its utmost to crack down on all forms of crime .
the south african government hopes to reduce the crime rate to zero , and hopes that every person in south africa will be able to lead the crime to zero , said the minister .
since 2006 , four chinese citizens have been killed in south africa one after another , and the chinese world has expressed extensive concern over this .
the chinese foreign ministry has made representations to the south african side over this issue and reminded chinese nationals in southern africa to further enhance their sense of security and prevention . overseas chinese should strengthen unity and friendship and cooperate with the police in fighting criminal activities .
tugyi expressed the most sincere sympathy and condolences to the families of the victims .
" we are sorry for this , and we also want the chinese people to believe that the south african government is seriously investigating every case involving china , " said fu .
according to the chinese embassy in south africa , the south african police have successfully cracked a case of chinese fujian woman chen jianqing 's murder in south africa on february 5 , and a suspect has been arrested .
the police are now hunting for another suspect .
according to the south african embassy in china , the criminals suspected of shooting hong kong businessmen in january this year were arrested by south african police , and the property of the victims was recovered .
speaking on the possible impact of the murder of chinese citizens , fu konin said that these incidents indeed would have a serious impact on the trade and other fields between the two countries and on the exchanges between them , but from a long - term point of view , the impact on the region should not be too big .
the chinese embassy in south africa has been conducting a special investigation and study on the chinese people 's health and food safety in the first 15 days of this year , said the south african embassy commissioner for tourism , nelson .
according to chinese official statistics , south africa will continue to maintain china 's largest trade partner in africa by 2005 .
the volume of bilateral trade reached $ 7.27 - billion , up 23.0 percent over the same period last year .
however , people in the tourism circles believe that the successive murder of chinese citizens in 2004 has a significant impact on the number of chinese tourists visiting south africa .
according to statistics from the south african tourism administration , in the first half of 2005 , the number of chinese tourists going to south africa was 20331 , down by 14.99 percent over the same period last year .
currently , there are about 200,000 chinese living in south africa , and the villages and towns in south africa are all scattered .
analysts here believe that the widening gap between the rich and the poor in south africa , the high unemployment rate , and the flood of guns , are not deterred by the death penalty , so the crime rate is still high .
because many chinese do not know english , they have cash with their families , and they are more likely to become targets of criminal elements ' money - seeking attacks .
hk promotes english learning and training in hong kong
hong kong , february 13 ( xinhua ) the english campaign , initiated by the hong kong special administrative region government , was launched on the 13th to raise the english standard of more working people .
this young man , who has studied english well and has a rich life with a rich life as the theme , includes promoting the learning and training of workplace english through a series of promotional activities and helping employers to better understand how to help their employees improve their english standards .
up to now , the scheme has already allocated nearly 25,000 people to complete the workplace english training programme , which has enabled them to achieve the benchmark of the relevant workcategories of workplace english in hong kong .
the hong kong flower workplace english campaign was launched by the sar government in 2000 .
an important project of the workplace english campaign is the provision of funding scheme for workplace english training .
the scheme aims to help employees who need to apply english in their jobs to receive english training and to participate in the designated international business english examinations to meet the needs of the relevant workgroups .
hebei 's aids testing system to be free , voluntary , secret
shijiazhuang , february 14 ( xinhua ) the hebei provincial health department recently formulated and distributed the " report on the work of providing aids consultation and testing in hebei province " ( trial implementation ) , which clearly stipulates the implementation of the free - charge program for testing and testing aids , and hopes to see to the greatest extent the number of people infected with aids and patients who have been infected , further implement the prevention and interference measures , and further implement the policy of eliminating the disease by the fourth -
the " plan " has defined the principles of the voluntary consultation and testing of aids in hebei province : the system of testing and consultation for aids antibodies is free , and the system of testing aids antibody testing and consultation and consultation and the knowledge of the people , and the testing and secrecy of aids is not evaluated on the relevant behaviors of the seeking consultation , and the protection of the legitimate rights and interests of the infected and the aids patients is protected , providing the latter with the necessary
the plan calls for the point of aids consultation and testing to be set at a convenient place for consultation , and for the purpose of protecting the privacy of the consular , it is necessary to have a separate room for consultation .
the choice of the advisers should fully take into consideration the need to be responsible for personal quality , knowledge , and ability to exchange .
to protect the privacy of the consulting , the testing and testing procedures can be registered by code or number .
the " plan " also requires that health administrative departments at and above the county level should publicize the results of the medical and health care institutions and consultation departments that undertake the aids free - of - charge testing service in their own areas to make the masses understand the relevant information .
the ministry of public security still focuses on the work of extorting confessions to inspection .
beijing , february 14 ( xinhua ) the deputy director of the police inspectorate bureau of the ministry of public security , zheng baigang , said in response to questions raised by foreign reporters at a news conference held by the ministry of public security today that the so - called " use of too inappropriate means to let criminal suspects admit guilt is absolutely not allowed in china .
the focus of the work of the supervisory departments is also to prevent the occurrence of these problems .
he also pointed out that some international organizations do not fully understand the situation of the chinese police 's law enforcement .
the latest information provided by the ministry of public security on 14 june showed that the ministry of public security issued in 2002 the " regulations on putting public security organs into practice for the record of carrying out disposition measures " and " provisions on the application of continuing interrogations " by public security organs , which have better guaranteed that public security organs at the grass - roots level will apply the practice of making interrogations in accordance with the law .
since 1997 , in order to further advance three areas of deep - going , three - part rectification , we have dealt with the problem of abuse of firearms and police guns and adopted coercive measures . the ministry of public security and police inspectors have persisted in going deep into the police force of the police station , the police team , the traffic police corps , and the public security and public security supervision and control center and other grass - roots law enforcement units to inspect the work of the law enforcement
to prevent the occurrence of law enforcement problems at the source , the police inspection and supervision departments further extended the antenna of law enforcement inspection and increased the number of cases involving the use of pen - 110 , the police officers who took over 110 , the case of the case , the handling of cases of crimes of organized crimes , and the entry of information on the car - stealing vehicle - related information .
chinese mainland 's sun yun - hsuan dies in taipei
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chairman of the taiwan strait exchange foundation ( sef ) , sun yun - hsuan , who was the honorary chairman of the foundation for taiwan strait exchange , was killed and injured in a severe acute heart attack on the early morning of the 15th in taipei .
sun yun - hsuan was born in 1913 , and was born in penglai , shandong , and harbin industrial university of electrical engineering .
it is a member of the 10 th to 13 th kmt central committee , a member of the 12 th central standing committee , and a member of the 14 th central committee of the central committee of the chinese communist party , and a member of the 15 th central committee of the review of the central committee .
he was once director of the fujian provincial transportation department , director of the fujian provincial government , and director of the fujian provincial government .
heilongjiang to promote the evaluation of the ecological environment of songhua river
harbin , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has made great efforts to improve the water quality of the songhua river and the ice - sealing period and to prevent pollution , said a senior official of the provincial government here today
the reporter learned from the heilongjiang provincial environmental protection bureau that the panhua river , which is led by the state environmental protection administration , is responsible for the evaluation of the ecological environment of the major pollution accident of the songhua river , which is divided into five topics , namely , emergency environmental evaluation and ecological ecological impact assessment , and the comprehensive evaluation of human health control project , which is a project of comprehensive control , has been completed by five stages .
at present , there are a total of 10 scientific research institutions in heilongjiang province , with over 60 people undertaking 14 technical research projects .
according to presentations , environmental protection departments and relevant scientific research institutions will focus on five topics , namely , emergency environmental evaluation and countermeasures research , with a view to solving environmental problems of concern to the masses first .
the concentrations of pollutants with a sewage diment will be mainly controlled , and the total number of pollutants coming out of the country is expected to have an impact on the safety of drinking water products in the songjiang , the two sides of the river , and the safety water supply and purification technology plan for the cities .
the environmental protection department of heilongjiang province will also intensify environmental supervision along the songhua river , and will strictly investigate and deal with environmental pollution - related incidents caused by illegal discharge and illegal construction .
heilongjiang will send environmental law enforcement personnel to supervise and guide various localities to conduct comprehensive environmental improvement in the small river basins and improve the comprehensive management of the environment management system of the tributary rivers of the alashi river and the zhanghe river .
beijing university sets up memorial hall to mourn wang
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a 100 - year commemoration lecturer in beijing after a few days of tight arrangements , said academician wang xuan , who is a lecture hall set up by beijing university at 0900 on the 15th . as of noon on the same day , several hundred people have come to offer condolences .
at 0800 , the hall was still open . there were dozens of people outside the hall .
at the lecture hall of the centenary of the beijing university , this reporter saw that the wall of the hall was hanging black horizontal streamers , and the paintings of paintings were painfully painted to commemorate the outstanding members of the committee .
the next part of the horizontal horizon is a huge picture of wang xuan , which is more than 10 square meters . he is wearing a glasses , showing a smile on the face , and dignifying the integrity of the atmosphere .
several long - berg is placed on both sides of the portrait , and dozens of wreaths are placed on both sides .
one of the wooden walls was rewed up like this : the first thing that qin sheng had been built in tang 's brilliant chinese character , giving me a warm welcome from the lead .
the hall was joyfully laughed and the atmosphere was so heavy .
among the people who were mourned , there were leaders and teachers from the beijing university , and there were teacher - and - student friends of the academician wang xuan . many people who were not familiar with him also specially rushed to the scene .
some of them held flowers in their hands , some carried flower baskets , and everyone was wearing a small white flower in their chest , slowly walking to the portrait of the academician wang xuan , and bowed their heartfelt tribute .
many people could not help but shed tears .
zhang wenbin , who was once director of the national cultural heritage bureau , is an old alumni of beijing university . he told reporters that he was still working in henan province more than 10 years ago and asked professor wang to give a lecture to the provincial party committee cadres on scientific and technological innovation .
the people of xishuangxue are examples of our study . he is a model for the country and society . he has made great contributions to the country and society , and the people will never forget him .
professor jin ruilin of the beijing university law school is an old friend of an old friend who has been elected by wang xuan for more than 40 years .
he was just discharged a few days ago and insisted on leaving a different tune with his old friend today .
in his message book , mr. jin cannot suppress his grief and repeatedly take passivity .
he told reporters that professor wang xuan 's life was very frugal , and he was already a professor when he was living in tong fu garden . he had already achieved very high results , but he was still living in a very small house for many years .
later he moved to the chengzen garden , where he lived in a place of 780 square meters was also for more than 10 years .
beijing university gave him an academician building at the blue camp , a huge house of more than 140 square meters . he did not want to see the high - level housing provided by fang zhengzheng building , and he did not want to have such a house .
mr. jin recalled with deep feeling that during his overseas visit , wang xuan provided a very high treatment , but he would never give up .
at the beginning of this year , he insisted on not applying for an academician . he was only able to fill the table after many mobilization by mr. zhou peyuan .
mr. jin is deeply moved by his feelings , and there is also wang xuan 's attitude toward training young people . he has stressed many times that he does not see what achievements i have now , but should rely on training young people to be promoted .
mr. jin said that in the 50 years of age , wang xuan began to pay attention to cultivating young people . he always stressed that he wanted to pave the way and would be willing to work for the peers and give them a way .
this is a very successful scientist . it is not easy to be done .
this reporter has learned from the beijing university news center that from 0900 on 15 february to 12:00 on 19 february , wang xuan 's works will be carried out in the public from 0900 to 1600 every day for people from all walks of life to offer condolences .
the cppcc national committee vice chairman , han zhubin , who is also a famous famous famous expert in contemporary history , is an academician of the third world academy of engineering , and a professor of beijing university , who is also a member of the chinese academy of engineering . at 11:33 on 13 february , he died of illness in beijing at the age of 70 .
npc , chilean parliamentary exchange mechanism established
wu bangguo attended the signing ceremony and signed the agreement .
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) wu bangguo , chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) , attended the opening ceremony of the agreement on the establishment of political dialogue relations between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament at the great hall of the people on the afternoon of the 15th , and signed the document .
the mechanism for exchanges between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament has been officially established .
it is reported that chilean senate president romero and house of representatives speaker arseniso had signed a memorandum of understanding in santiago , capital of chile .
according to the agreement , the two sides will establish a china - chile parliamentary political dialogue relationship in accordance with the principles laid down in the communique on the establishment of diplomatic relations , and the two sides will set up a dialogue committee to hold regular meetings to jointly promote the comprehensive development of bilateral relations .
chilean ambassador to china kalez and others attended the signing ceremony .
china to promulgate regulations on protection of information network
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) many websites have been able to transmit newspapers and magazines to the outside world , according to a report by the state council here today
wang ziqiang said : according to the current legal provisions , the works already published in the press can be used as a reference if the author does not make a statement of the nature of the works , and the newspapers and periodicals can not agree with the author 's consent to use the works . at the same time , the state copyright bureau has specifically formulated the standards for the transfer and payment of newspapers and periodicals in accordance with the law .
however , according to the current law , the rights of publishing houses to enjoy such statutory permits are not covered by the internet .
according to the judicial explanations made by the supreme people 's court , the method of using the newspaper and periodical transfer of statutory license can apply to the internet , namely , a small article published on the internet , and the author does not have a short statement , and the internet may not be used without permission . at the same time , it is necessary to pay for the payment .
however , as the judicial interpretation does not have a stipulation on the remuneration standard , it is not appropriate to pay for the use of these works on the internet .
the report on the use of these short works by the internet is not applicable to statutory licensing , and it is also necessary to determine the works from the legal level .
wang ziqiang said : whether or not gyales have incorporated them into the scope of legal decision , and also the regulations on protecting the right to dissemination of information networks , which will be promulgated this year , are confirmed .
russia says georgia 's parliament 's resolution not to affect russian peace - keeping operations
moscow , february 15 ( xinhua ) russian defense ministry information officer ( fda ) sergei seldov said on the 15th that georgia 's parliament 's resolution on the russian peacekeeping force will not affect russian military peacekeeping operations in the short term , and the russian military will continue to hold conflicts in the south ossetia area .
the president of the russian state duma ( lower house ) commission for the commonwealth of independent states ( cis ) , koshin , said in a statement on the same day that the georgian parliament 's resolution on the russian peacekeeping forces will undermine stability in the region and will have an adverse impact on the relations between russia and georgia .
he stressed that the resolution of the georgian parliament has further pushed russian - georgian relations to the deteriorating direction .
he said : the accusations by the georgian side are absurd .
the georgian parliament passed a resolution on the same day , demanding that the russian peacekeeping force stop its peacekeeping operations in south ossetia , but did not specify the specific time limit for the withdrawal of russian peacekeeping troops .
georgia 's parliament accused russian peacekeepers of failing to fulfill their obligations and regarded russia 's actions in the conflict - stricken areas as a sheer attempt to swallow georgia 's territory .
the georgian parliament asked the government to take active action to consider stationing international peacekeeping troops in the conflict area of south ossetia to replace the current peace - keeping operations of russia in the region .
the georgian parliament also instructed the government to revise the relevant agreements on the stationing of russian peacekeepers in the conflict - hit areas .
the southern oscar is a georgia autonomous state , where it borders the north ossetia republic of russia .
after the disintegration of the former soviet union , it declared independence on its own and was in a state of confrontation with the georgian central government for a long time .
at present , russia is stationed in the region with a 500 - member peacekeeping camp .
the unit was formed in accordance with the military training exercise conducted by the four sides of the north ossetia of russia 's basque in 1992 .
the four responsible persons of the big fire in liaoyuan hospital will be prosecuted for suspected major responsibility accident .
changchun , february 16 ( xinhua ) the central part of the liaoyuan city hospital in jilin province , after the extraordinarily big fire , the accident investigation group confirmed 11 responsible persons , including zhang diankun , chief of the hospital 's electrical engineering squad , and four others , will be prosecuted for suspected serious responsibility accidents .
on 15 december 2005 , the largest hospital in liaoyuan city , the hospital in central china , was hit by a fire , and 39 people were killed .
in the fire , the area of fire exceeded 5,000 square meters .
it is understood that this is the first major event in the medical and health system across the country since the founding of new china .
according to investigations , at around 1630 on the day of the incident , the hospital of liaoyuan city center suddenly stopped electricity . according to the design of the hospital 's circuit , if power supply is suspended , the power - change boxes will automatically jump to the deputy gate and continue to maintain normal power supply in the hospital . however , the power gate at that time did not automatically change the power gate . however , chang diann - kuen , the chief of
the underground cable line , which was bumpy at that time , was filled with more than 10 cable trains , and such cable lines should be very well - placed and put up and put up with fire - prevention layers .
therefore , 57 - year - old zhao yongqing , head of the electrical installation unit of the liaoyuan city textile company , and sun fenglin , retired cadre ( senior engineer ) of the bureau of textile and electric power , returned to the staff members of the liaoyuan city center hospital after retiring from the city center hospital . the three people who were also arrested for suspected major responsibility accidents will also be prosecuted .
the first chinese village tour in guizhou held in tianlong
guiyang , february 16 ( xinhua ) the state council of ping dam , guizhou , and tianlong village of tianlong town , pingtan county , guizhou , on the morning of the 16 th , wearing festival uniform , with a cheerful face .
at 10 : 30 in the morning , after the may 5th gu campaign ended , the 80 - year - old old old man of zhai keqin , who is wearing a young long - shirt , sounded the first - time sounding of the first - time tour of guizhou in china 's rural areas .
the tianlong tengbao village is a typical representative of the development of rural tourism in guizhou and a national rural tourist demonstration site .
as the young men of the red army during the ming dynasty , the zhuqun people have been living in tunisia for more than 600 years .
here , we can see that we are wearing a big - sleeved blue long - sleeves , the ancient han culture and the clothing of the old han nationality are preserved in tengbao village .
it is understood that the tianlong village , relying on this cultural and traditional advantage , will develop village culture and tourism from 2002 . the admission income will reach 3.8 million yuan in 2005 , and the village will have 47-7 percent of the households sold tourist products through drinking and drinking , and sell tourist products . the per capita income of peasants has increased from 1,300 yuan in 2002 to over 2,640 yuan in 2005 .
the director of the guizhou provincial tourism bureau , yang shengming , said that after the first tour of tianlong tagbo , the new tour of qingxi , xinxi , xinxi , and xinhui , which are still under the theme of the new tour in rural areas , will be carried out in various localities of guizhou this year .
so far , more than 130 villages and villages in guizhou have carried out various rural tourism projects . by 2005 , more than 600,000 rural households in the province have freed themselves from poverty through tourism development .
housing prices in 70 cities across the country rose 5.5 percent in january shanghai 's housing prices continued to slide
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the average annual growth rate of housing in 70 large and medium - sized cities in the country increased by 5.5 percent in january , a 0.7 percentage point lower than the previous month .
the housing price in shanghai continues to slide .
the national development and reform commission 's statistics bureau released on 16 november showed that most of the 70 large and medium - sized cities had a small increase in their sales prices in january this year , and the hohhot and haoji fijian increased by more than 10 percent , while shanghai 's housing sales prices continued to decline by 0.4 percent over the same period last year .
according to the same - caliber statistics , in the first quarter of last year , shanghai 's housing sales prices rose 19.1 percent over the same period of last year . after that , there was a turn , and a small decline was seen in the second half of last year .
in january this year , the prices of newly built residential housing in 70 large and medium - sized cities increased 6.9 percent over the same period of last year , a 0.2 percentage point lower than the previous month .
new commercial houses , which rose by a higher rate than the same period of last year , include dalian 's 18.99th , huagao , haoji , shenzhen 10.079 , chengdu , chengdu , 1-4-4 percent , and shanghai 's average growth rate was 3.1 percent , down by 3.1 percent over the same period last year .
the central organization department urged that the work of supervising leading cadres and appointing cadres be further strengthened .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the central organization department recently printed and distributed opinions on strengthening cadre supervision .
the opinions require that organization departments at all levels proceed from strict management and care for cadres , and carry out cadre supervision throughout the process of cadre training and cadre training in every link of the routine management , and establish and improve a system of supervision and management that is strict and timely in prevention and punishment , and earnestly strengthen supervision over leading cadres and the selection and appointment of cadres .
the opinion points out that the principal tasks of the supervision of cadres in organization departments are , first , to supervise the leading bodies and leading cadres , and to strengthen supervision over the principal responsible persons of the leading bodies ; second , it is necessary to supervise the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres in the party and government organs , and to focus on the implementation of the " regulations on selecting and appointing leading cadres in the party and government . "
in supervision of leading bodies and leading cadres , the opinions and suggestions have been put forward , and we should unremittingly do a good job in education on ideals and convictions and in education on fighting corruption and promoting clean government , and carry education throughout the process of training , promoting , and educating leading cadres to enhance their cultivation of party spirit , and upholding the party 's aim of serving the public and serving the people and building a strong ideological and moral defense line of resisting corruption and preventing degeneration .
when making speeches on newly promoted cadres , we should set clear requirements for honesty and self - discipline .
we should urge leading bodies at all levels to adhere to democratic centralism , establish and improve rules and procedures for making decisions on matters of concern , and conscientiously implement the system of combining collective leadership with individual division of labor .
we must give prominence to supervision over the principal responsible persons of the leading bodies , and the responsible persons of the organization ( personnel ) departments must often talk about the principal responsible persons of the leadership groups of the next level , and understand their ideological , ideological , and work style .
establish and improve the system of day - to - day management and supervision of leading cadres , regularly understand and analyze the ideological and work style of the contingent of leading cadres , and put forward views and measures for solving problems .
the system of admonitory talks and inquiries for leading cadres , the system of finding signs of problems , and the system of admonitory talks or letters of inquiries are carried out in a timely manner .
we must seriously investigate and understand the outstanding problems that the masses reported by leading cadres , and criticize and educate those who are found to have problems in their work , or handle those who have caused violations of discipline and law , and should turn over to the law enforcement organs that have violated discipline and law , and make clear the problems that have been investigated and found no problems .
at the same time , we should combine strengthening supervision with encouraging cadres to boldly explore new ways and make innovations , and pay attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the opinions and demands that organization ( personnel ) departments at all levels earnestly strengthen supervision over the selection and appointment of leading cadres in the party and government organizations .
further improve the system of recommending , nominating , and discussing decisions on cadres , and strictly implement the measures for supervising the selection and appointment of cadres , so as to provide a solid legal basis for the political work of getting close to the political situation and the work of the people , and select and appoint cadres who have the ability to work and who have the ability to work in a satisfactory manner to serve as the leadership posts at all levels .
we must step up inspection of the implementation of the regulations on appointing cadres , strictly investigate and deal with acts that violate the regulations on appointing cadres , and resolutely check unhealthy trends and corrupt phenomena in appointing and appointing cadres .
and instituted a system of supervision and inspection of personnel problems that have seriously violated regulations and intensified supervision and handling .
establish and improve a system of accountability for the work of selecting and appointing cadres , and scientifically define the work of selecting and appointing cadres according to the principle of combining power with responsibility , clearly define the responsibilities of the principal responsible persons in every link of the work of selecting and appointing cadres , and make clear the methods of investigation and affixing responsibility and intensify the investigation .
we should give full play to the role of mass supervision , and establish a mechanism for reporting and reporting cases that are both very safe and efficient .
give play to the role of public opinion supervision , and report to the news media on the situation of the selection and appointment of cadres in a timely manner and receive supervision by the media .
the opinions also pointed out : we should further improve the mechanism for coordination in cadre supervision .
organization ( personnel ) departments should strengthen coordination with discipline inspection organs and establish a system of working mechanism and mechanism for communication with discipline inspection organs on the situation of the work of improving the party 's work style and building a clean and honest government among the cadres , so as to enhance the joint force of supervision .
and with the discipline inspection organs to conscientiously do a good job in inspection , improve inspection methods , improve the inspection system , and improve the quality of inspection .
in conjunction with auditing organs , they have conscientiously implemented the system of auditing economic responsibility of leading cadres .
improve the internal supervision mechanism for the work of selecting and appointing cadres in organization departments .
taiwan authorities ' " unauthorized investment " on mainland china beijing , march 20
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the taiwan authorities will continue to impose a severe blow on taiwan 's shichang chiupeng , one of the fujian jingchiu and the lianhua electronic joint - stock company limited ( called " lianhua electronics company " for short ) nt $ 5 million , for reasons such as providing unauthorized assistance to the taiwan - based chungyi - ch'ang technology and the mainland - based company to participate in the mainland 's founding of the china - based
taiwan 's chung - kuo shih - pao reported that this was chen shui - bian 's dishing out his proposal on actively managing and effectively opening up cross - strait economic and trade policies . the taiwan authorities imposed a penalty on taiwan businessmen 's investment in the mainland .
according to reports , a taiwanese economic ministry investment review committee said that the company was fined because it violated the regulations on relations between the people on both sides of the strait and the regulations on investment and technical cooperation in the mainland region .
in the future , the panzhibing review committee will also examine the situation in the future , and will also impose penalties on former chairman of the united microelectronics corporation , cao xingcheng , and others .
the wuxi electric power project started in february 2005 . at that time , taiwan 's investigation and prosecution department mobilized more than 100 people to the house and offices of several high - level personnel to conduct surprise checks , claiming that the united telecommunications company was suspected of investing in the mainland and illegally provided funds and manpower resources for the purpose of providing funds and manpower resources .
then , tsao hsing - cheng , chairman of the board of the united microelectronics corporation , openly said that unicom did not violate any regulations of the taiwan authorities , and that the purpose of providing the united telecommunications and ship - based science and technology assistance is to help the united states in the long - term interests of the united states and japan . if the united microelectronics does not enter the mainland market as soon as possible , it will lose business opportunities .
later , the taiwan authorities ' financial supervision and management committee , using the excuse that they violated the regulations on disclosure of commercial information , imposed a fine of nt $ 3 - million on the united states .
on 9 january 2006 , the unicom board accepted cao xingcheng 's resignation . in several hours , cao xingcheng was suspected of having involved in illegal investment in the mainland .
the united telecommunications corporation and taiwan 's chien - pien circuit company ( called " taijiao " ) also said that taiwan 's jingyuan shuangfu and shuangxiong are the leading high - tech enterprises on the island .
the taiwan authorities have been dealing with and handling the united microelectronics corporation in the past year , and this has been followed with great concern from various circles on the island .
china 's second largest fujian province , macao win
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the second macao international conference on poverty in hong kong was held on the 17th in beijing , the organizing committee of the second macao bulldozer competition , announced here today .
the contest was jointly organized by the macao foundation and the baihua theatre publishing house , " the overseas edition of the essay of the sea " . chen jiangong , vice chairman of the chinese writers ' association , and other directors of the committee .
in 2004 , on the occasion of the fifth anniversary of macao 's return to the motherland , the first macao festival of the chinese people 's liberation army [ pla ] , which was held in my heart , has been a positive response by literary enthusiasts at home and abroad . the organizing committee has received over 8,000 entries , and more than 10 winners have been invited to the macao sar to receive awards .
at a news conference on the 17th , wu zhiliang , executive member of the macao foundation , said : last year , the famous list of the historical district of macao was included in the world cultural heritage list . this not only means that the people of macao have long been affirmative in their communities and communities , but also implies that the chinese nation is a friendly country , and the cultural tradition of the chinese nation is being carried forward and developed in the macao sar . the macao sar
wu said that it was precisely under such a good cultural atmosphere that the macao foundation and the baihua art publishing house decided to recooperate with each other in holding the second exhibition of the " macao song and dance festival " in my mind . he hoped that the participants would make a show of their love for the country and macao through their works , and show macao 's unique cultural and ethnic atmosphere and the peace and stability of the special administrative region and the scene of honor and honor .
according to presentations , the " foreign edition of the bulletproof sea " will open a special column for the competition on 1 september this year .
after the results are revealed , the selection will be held in the macao special administrative region in early 2007 .
shandong successfully implements a heart transplant operation
jinan , february 17 ( xinhua ) the jinan military region 's cardiovascular disease research institute successfully implemented a cardiovascular operation in the heart of a baby in recent days .
on the 17th , the reporter saw in the important treatment room that the babies , who were 51 days after the operation , were full of face , and all monitoring and inspection targets were normal . they were smoothly over the critical period of the operation . they were playing with great interest the toys they bought from them by medical personnel .
according to the doctor who took the consultation on the same day , this child from tai'an village , shandong , was sent to the hospital , and his whole body was green and purple . he was in difficulty breathing . after testing and diagnosing the symptoms of the cyanosis , he had to transplant the heart .
heart transplant operations are the most difficult and most risky surgery in heart surgery .
in particular , the heart transplant operation of babies under one year 's age is currently blank in the country .
the cardiovascular institute of the jinan military region organized experts to repeatedly verify the situation , carefully design the operation and post - operation protective plan , and innovate on the methods of blood vessel coordination and conducted animal experiments .
at 08:00 on 28 december 2005 , the operation officially started .
the heart of the body is a person who has been infected with the indomitable heart of the heart because of the depression of the predecessor .
the operation was to be in line with six blood pipes , with more than 510 injections , and each needle was less than three millimeters .
after 295 minutes , the operation was successfully conducted .
state administration of safety : more serious accidents , such as coal mine accidents , have occurred this year
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) four consecutive incidents of one difficulty after another , involving more than 100 people , have occurred in the past year , and the situation of safe production in the whole country has caused serious accidents such as coal mine - suppressing and other serious accidents to become the most important task of the national security control work this year .
on the 17th , this reporter learned from the state administration of supervision and management of production safety that to truly check the occurrence of serious accidents such as coal mines , the most important thing is to do .
this year , the general administration of coal mine safety will do the following three things well :
baoji continued to fight wound tough battles .
was will select the young pioneer and take the place of xue zhanxian .
if the gas mine is not selected first , it should be ordered to immediately stop production according to law .
prc : qiushi continues to fight a hard battle to rectify and close down .
it is necessary to make the 5243 public announcements to the community , and the more than 700 coal mine pits recently reported by various localities , one of them , to be closed to death .
we must regard closing down of enterprises as a routine task and continuously close down those coal mines that are undermining resources and are not in keeping with safety conditions .
jiuji coal mine safety management is strengthened .
it is necessary to immediately rectify the situation of sloping down a small number of large state - owned mines and to guide and manage small mines that are in a chaotic situation .
in particular , we must grasp key state - owned coal mines and absolutely not allow excessive coal mine production to be overly concentrated .
this year 's production safety control index requires that the number of deaths of all types in the country decreased by 3 percent over last year , and coal mines dropped by 3.55 percent .
the accident that killed more than 10 people in one time will be reduced by 55 percent , with coal mine falling by 7percent .
these control indicators have been issued to the provincial people 's governments , and the localities are implementing their plans at the grassroots and enterprises at various levels .
statistics show that 5986 coal mine accidents were killed in 2005 , down by 0.79 percent compared with the same period last year .
however , the number of people killed in a major accident involving more than 10 people rose by 66.6 percent in the same period last year .
barroso calls for cooperation in future talks on kosovo status
belgrade , february 17 ( xinhua ) the european union ( eu ) has decided to set up a new office in kosovo on wednesday to promote the eu 's economic and trade cooperation with the european union ( eu ) in the future , said eu president jose manuel barroso here today
barroso met with the president of the provisional authority of kosovo sergio sergei sergei sergei , and other representatives of the ethnic group of kosovo , respectively , on the same day , and told the media that the parties concerned in kosovo should have a tolerant attitude , establish a democratic and multi - ethnic integrated kosovo , and only then can the kosovo , which respects the government 's ruling regime and protects the rights and interests of ethnic minorities be recognized by the international
he also stressed that the european commission will do its best to help develop kosovo .
barroso also expressed his appreciation for the efforts that kosovo has encountered in implementing the eight standards of the democratic process put forward by the united nations .
he said that the implementation of these standards is a key factor affecting the integration of kosovo and europe .
he also called on all serbs in kosovo to join the institutions of kosovo to make contributions to the realization of democracy and multi - ethnic integration .
barroso arrived in the capital of kosovo on the same day for a one - day visit .
earlier , barroso visited croatia and serbia and montenegro and will also visit macedonia , albania and bosnia - herzegovina .
( winter olympics , doping ) news analysis : the incident of sending out a national drug may not be a problem .
dulingling , february 17 ( xinhua ) the incident of sending out a national flag may not be settled
xinhua news agency reporter , gao peng ,
although italy repeatedly issued an order , the situation of using the braille to use was likely to be faced by the hell during the turin winter games , but now it is still difficult to see the situation from various circumstances .
since the opening of the turin winter games on 16 june , the first doping scandal has been discovered , and the ora has been found to have used banned drug cards .
the next day , the international olympic committee announced that it had sent liuba to the winter olympics , and she won the first two winter games in the current winter olympics . her personal card for the women 's 15 - kilometer individual games has also been stripped .
the international winter games two league made a decision on the same day to launch the two - year ban on the secular games .
the ioc has always stipulated that athletes have been found to be using stimulants in the olympic games , and will be disqualified from participating in the games , but will not be punished by the law .
however , according to italian law , the athletes carrying and using stimulants are a criminal act , and the judicial organs have the right to directly arrest and investigate the athletes who use stimulants , and the lawbreakers who have been defended for three months to three years are still facing the same imprisonment .
last december , the ioc and the italian government , after a year of bargaining , finally reached an agreement , and both sides agreed to hold the first meeting in accordance with the italian law during the winter olympics .
with the unremitting efforts of the international olympic committee , italy made concessions four days before the opening of the winter olympics , pledging that the police would not enter the olympic village to search for the athletes ' place during the winter olympics , but athletes with positive drug prosecutions will still be investigated by the italian procuratorial organ .
some reports say that the italian government supervises the turin winter games officials , pastor , who has sent liuffles to the reling procuratorial organ .
however , the ioc and peter krishnan have not yet confirmed this .
the two teams of the russian winter games , andrew , revealed at noon on the 17 th that they had sent liuba to leave turin and return to the country .
he has been working for many years in the world 's anti - doping agency , and chinese sports officials , shi kangcheng , believes that once the lianga is sent back to china , this matter may eventually be settled without mercy .
shi kangcheng said : the international olympic committee and the italian government have always been unruly on the issue of anti - doping in the winter olympics . even if the italian procuratorial organs really intervene in this matter , it is still hard to say .
according to the previous ruling of the italian government on the use of doping in the country 's athletes , the most serious punishment imposed by the banned people is no more than the two years of imprisonment and a period of time for execution .
therefore , a senior journalist of the italian amisa said that the possibility of sending a leaf to the prison is very rare , and most of them are fine .
pierre also said that although the italian court could be tried in a shortfall , the italian police could not possibly send liuba abroad to serve the sentence .
if a leaf is sent to refuse to accept the verdict , the italian side will also have no way to take her .
news from all sides : new epidemic points continue to appear in countries around the world
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the bird flu virus has further spread in the african continent , according to a xinhua news agency report here today .
the world health organization confirmed on the 17th that three areas of egypt had discovered bird flu virus dead .
in europe , france has also discovered the five bird flu virus for the first time , and europe is highly vigilant against it and has strengthened its prevention measures .
hassan bush , who 's advisor to the east china sea region , told the media in egypt on the 17th that currently , in cairo in central egypt and miniya in the south , three areas of miniature , have discovered dead birds infected with the 5a bird flu virus , and relevant departments of the egyptian government have started slaughtering suspected bird flu poultry .
the experts pointed out that egypt is an important channel for migratory birds in the middle east and north africa , and it is very likely that migratory birds may carry the bird flu virus into the country .
egypt has announced the ban on the import of live poultry from abroad and has stepped up quarantine work at border ports .
a house of chicken farm in the capital of cameroon has been hit by more than 800 chickens in the past week .
cameroon has decided to immediately suspend all poultry and pork from nigeria , where the bird flu epidemic has occurred , and suspend all poultry and poultry products in the two countries ' border markets .
the khartoum government also built a monitoring network covering the whole country within a short time , and the basque center and the national veterinary laboratory of the country were in an emergency situation to meet the needs of the people , so as to conduct tests on the viral of the 5a type of virus at any time .
in europe , denmark and sweden initially ruled out the epidemic on the 17th .
the swedish veterinary institute released a test on the dead geese found on wednesday , indicating that swedish swans did not have the avian flu virus .
the preliminary laboratory results of the danish veterinary administration also showed that the 30 dead wild geese found in denmark recently had no infection of the bird flu virus .
however , the agricultural sector said that denmark still cannot afford to take it lightly .
the bird flu epidemic has been found in romania in eastern europe since the beginning of this year , and who experts said in bucharest on the 17th that bird flu has been found almost everywhere in the danube delta region , and romania must take a serious view of this situation , which may be threatened by the bird flu in the next three or five years .
in bangladesh , the government has taken all necessary measures to prevent avian influenza .
the government 's livestock services bureau has provided relevant officials with books on bird flu prevention and also organized poultry farmers to train .
( newspaper clippings ) china 's first blood information management system opens in zhejiang
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the first blood information database for china to share blood information data has been officially built and put into use in the center , according to the zhejiang provincial blood center .
a relevant person in charge of the blood center of zhejiang province said : this means that any citizen will be required to participate in the activities of offering blood in any county ( city ) district in zhejiang province in the future . a single - handedly numbered code will be recorded . when he redonates blood , he will be able to write the relevant code and record the blood - related blood - related blood - related blood record of the last time .
the person in charge further explained that if the relevant code records are included , the system will show that the insolvent blood will be released after the interval period .
this will not only protect the health of the dedicated blood , but also protect the health and safety of the blood users .
in addition , when blood supply is strained , the blood donors and their families have the right to use blood first , and so long as you have the effective identification document of the blood donors , you can immediately show the blood donor information , which is very convenient .
according to a report by hangzhou 's " today 's morning news , " this information system has already been put into use in all 36 organs that collect and use blood for the purpose of providing blood for the entire province , and the situation of blood resources of various blood - supplying organizations in the province can also be seen real time , thus realizing the sharing of data throughout the province .
in order to prevent the recurrence of landslide in the philippines , 11 villages in the philippines have been evacuated .
manila , february 18 ( xinhua ) the philippine government has decided to set up a new office in the country 's 11 villages in the eastern philippines to prevent the recurrence of similar landslide , a local official said on wednesday .
rusgiero leez , an official of the south leitez province , said on the same day that the villages and villages that had a landslide on the 17 th were located in the same area , which had similar characteristics .
the residents of 11 villages that have been evacuated will be placed in seven withdrawal centers .
lyas said : the government yesterday ordered the residents to withdraw , and today sent people to inspect these villages , because some people do not want to leave their homes .
the landslide accident on the 17 th occurred in a town of sunburn in the southern province of sandel , south . looking at the pictures of the television , the soil and rock have been buried in the entire village , and we can only see several roof roof .
as the soil is very thick and humidity is very humidity , the hope that people who are buried below can survive is very slim .
so far , 109 people have been found dead and 57 others have been rescued .
according to estimates , the death toll of this accident may reach as high as 1,800 .
overseas chinese in southern fujian province quanzhou , march 30
fuzhou , february 19 ( xinhua ) the growth of the export of quanzhou city in january was maintained at a high rate , according to the statistics released by the state statistical bureau ( sfpc ) .
according to customs statistics , the january - january export volume of quanzhou reached 330 million us dollars , the best in history , up 35.2 percent over the same period of last year , and the average growth rate in the province was higher than the province 's average .
according to quanzhou 's bureau of foreign economic relations , the reason why quanzhou 's foreign trade in january could grow at a high speed was mainly due to the effects of several foreign trade support measures in quanzhou . enterprises ' export enthusiasm was rising , quanzhou 's economic operations were active , enterprises ' confidence in operation was enhanced , and a highly efficient and smooth environment for foreign trade development .
