the two tv sets that were found to be in princess diana were stolen
london , june 6 ( afp )
the daily newspaper said two diabetes diana died in paris in 1997 , and the number of computers was reduced to 350,000 , according to the former cosmopolitan police chief .
the report said that the theft case caused people to speculate that the computer might have a computer that was found by the former metropolitan police chief , sir steve smith .
however , a spokesman for the metropolitan police said there was no sensitive information in the computer or it was related to the investigation .
sir steve smith is the first senior official of the british noussr police station , who is the director of the office .
the report said that the staff of the nousan police have been tracing two theft cases in the past 10 days .
a weekend holiday that took place on january 28 - 29 was taken away by computers and cash , and the second case occurred last week , and no loss was made .
the santa police agency also said there was no evidence to suggest that the two cases were related to the work of sir steve .
he has been tracing the cause of the death of princess ms. mary william .
the royal autocratic monument , bristis , ordered in 2004 to continue the investigation of the evidence .
princess diana was admitted to the hospital in a bus accident in paris on august 31 , 1997 , when she died together with her wife .
after two years of investigation , the french police believed that the driver was driving and taking drugs , which led to the loss of the vehicle .
the sri lankan side agreed to hold talks in geneva in late june
however , luggage 7
norway , which is the mediator of the peace process , said that the sri lankan war group agreed to hold talks in geneva , switzerland on the 22nd of this month to resolve the differences of various parties in seeking a end to the decades - long conflict of racial bloody conflicts , but it has been halting for three years .
norwegian peace envoy som said in a meeting with the tigers of the liberation tigers of tanzania , that the peace mission had made a breakthrough .
the norwegian embassy in china said in a statement that clans were created in the conflict , which was the agreement between the sri lankan government and the tamil tiger organization , which called on the norwegian government to assist in holding negotiations in geneva on february 22 in two days .
the two - day talks will focus on how to strengthen the cease - fire agreement which will take effect on 23 february 2002 , and this agreement has never been fully observed by both sides .
the norwegian embassy said that the two sides will discuss ways to improve the cease - fire agreement , which is also the first high level of face - to - face negotiations between the two sides in three years .
sony said he would lead a norwegian team to participate in the negotiations , and the four members of the tiger liberation organization , which was led by barzon ghan , and the sri lankan government was led by the health minister .
he said : this is a small step leading to peace . however , it is important to negotiate the process .
the first face - to - face talks to resolve the sri lankan racial conflict were held in japan in march 2003 , but the tiger of the liberation of tanzania 's ilan was cancelled , which was originally scheduled to hold its seventh round of talks in thailand in april 2003 .
the north - south korean delegation joined hands to attend the opening ceremony
( afp , daidulin , )
the 20 th winter olympic games opened today in duilin , and the cold war era was a confrontation between south korea and north korea , which were both enemies .
south korean women 's skating competitor li po - la , and north korean man - made skating player han cheng - jen , respectively , served as the head of the two teams ' team , led the north korean olympic team to enter the winter sports ground .
this is the olympic team from south korea and north korea , and it is the first time that south korea and north korea join hands to join hands in the winter olympics .
to reflect the good solidarity spirit of reconciliation between the two sides in recent years , the sydney summer olympics and the athens summer olympics 2004 are held in summer , and the korean and north korean teams are taking a common admission .
north korea has not participated in the 19 th winter olympic games held in salt lake city , the united states .
the korean peninsula was split into a socialist northern border with the republic of korea , which was practicing capitalism in 1948 . the two sides held a joint antiwar period between 1950-1953 .
nyingbei leader holds peace summit in 2000 , and the relations between the two sides have become better .
the greek team is the first country to participate in the competition , which is a traditional event , said the president
the italian team is the last country to be admitted to the uygur group .
mr howard was a drug addict who had been in a critical condition .
new york , march 16 ( afp )
the world bank , which is recognized as the most promising to win the oscar emperor , the movie " liangdi " : a man 's leading role in the battle of cold blood , the philippines ' western movolkman , revealed that he was indulged in drug and alcohol when he was young . fortunately , he was unable to extract himself from the cold and could only create a peak in his own performing career .
in an interview with the us columbia broadcasting corporation , howman said he was " a friend of the chinese people " during that period , he did not try to find any means to get drugs and wine .
at that time , he only came out of the 20 th place , graduated from the new york university drama section , and entered a five - coldness society . every day , he was moving rapidly in his lifestyle , finally turning into his head in a coma and lost control .
he entered the eel center at 22 years old , and he stopped drunk from the habit of drunk and drug , which was the most panic period in his life .
the oscar awards ceremony to be held next month will be an illustration of the american writer kozo 's role as a movie , the fragile , the cold blood flied out of white , and the most promising male lead .
before that , he had been given a recognition of his superb performance , and had already won a lot of praise , including a golden ball champion .
the 38 - year - old actor said during the interview that if not determined to change the situation of the habit before becoming well - known , he may not have the oscar nomination .
he said he enadmired those young people who were 19 years old and suddenly became a famous player .
bird flu trace in europe , the people in naijing , nigeria , and others are worried
brussels , april 16 ( afp )
the strain of the bird flu virus continues to appear in europe , causing panic among the people .
the european commission has approved the establishment of another paniteau control zone to include all the areas where the virus is found in the area of management and ban the delivery of birds .
the number of dead bodies in nairobi , africa , was on the eighth day of the discovery of the deadly virus , which has been growing to more farms , and signs show that the disease has entered the northern country of niger .
egyptian officials are investigating a sudden outbreak of bird flu in a farm in southern egypt , worrying that the virus might continue to spread .
the european chicken market was affected by the virus , and the drop was substantially reduced . the eu executive committee stressed that there was no reason to panic .
the council is responsible for the health and food safety executive committee , mr benjamin bando bouno , said the public is aware of this , but there is no need for excessive reaction .
following the virus detection of three kilometers of protection area and 10 kilometers of alert area , the eu executive committee also made new regulations to raise the virus 's ecosystem to cover all the areas in the area of the beigan area .
a eu official who declined to be named pointed out that everyone is nervous and is worried about the matter from one day to the night .
so far , there are a total of 1,500 people in austria , including the united states , the united states , britain , france , germany , france , germany , and the united states .
romania has reported the 31 case on the 16 th , with the first case in the country 's northwestern province of svinenia , greece and germany 's rugene island .
the southern italian city of pigeons found bird flu virus on two ducks , the first in europe , which was found to have been infected by the 50.1 virus .
what eu officials are most concerned about is migratory birds from africa .
the government of nigeria is working more closely to prevent the spread of the virus in the african continent .
the government of the country announced that all poultry farms in the area of five kilometers near the infected farms will be closed to all birds , regardless of whether they are threatened by the virus .
the neighboring country 's japanese government announced the nation 's alert status and raised four million us dollars in emergency plans , monitoring and monitoring the borders of nigeria and nigeria .
the newly established national emergency committee said that they received notification that , after the border marx alonas , which was on the alert of the loose border between the two countries , had nearly 400 birds .
the new regulation on the management of electronic banking business of china will come into force on 1 march .
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a new bank to monitor the banking regulatory commission 's recent " e - banking business management measures " and " e - banking security assessment guidelines " to be published in beijing in march 1 , 2006 .
a spokesman for the china banking regulatory commission said : according to the regulations of the management measures , the examination and approval methods of foreign - funded financial institutions have basically remained unchanged , that is , after foreign banks are allowed to set up internet banking business , if a new type of business of the bank is to be added , the main bank of the bank of china should be reported to the bank for examination in a unified manner .
to standardize commercial banks ' business activities on the internet , the people 's bank of china formulated the " interim measures for managing the business of internet banking " in june 2001 .
the bank said that with the continuous development of the e - banking business of commercial banks , the interim procedures are no longer in line with the requirements of the supervision and control of risks in electronic banking , and the cbrc has formulated two new regulations for this purpose .
according to a spokesperson of the banking regulatory commission , the cbrc has defined the quality of the safety assessment organization , which is different from the administrative license system of industry access or enterprise access , and is not the only way to assess the business of electronic banking industry by the assessment institution . it is only a reference to the financial institution in selecting the assessment institution .
as long as the safety assessment organization meets the relevant conditions and requirements , even if the bank of china is not determined by the quality of its assets , the financial institution can also employ them to conduct the assessment of the safety of the electronic banking industry , but should manage the work according to relevant regulations .
the " procedures for managing electronic banking business " consists of nine chapters and 99 articles , which are divided into four parts : general application and change risk management , data exchange and transborder management , and transborder management , and legal management , and legal responsibility and supplementary provisions .
the " guidelines for the assessment of e - banking safety " consists of five chapters and 57 articles , which are divided into five parts : the management and supplementary provisions for implementing safety assessment activities conducted by organs of general logistics department and field safety assessment .
" mao zedong , zhou enzhu , deng xiaoping , chen yun 's research and publication " mao zedong ,
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the " mao zedong , zhou enlai , zhu rongji , deng xiaoping , and chen yun " research book , compiled by the central literature research center , was published and distributed recently by the central literature publishing house .
we should conduct in - depth investigation and study in real terms , persist in integrating theory with practice , and formulate and implement correct lines , principles , and policies . this is the basic experience and basic work method of the cpc in leading revolution and construction .
mao zedong 's liangyu , liu shaoqi , zhu jianzhu , chen yun , and other revolutionaries , who had made a lot of important and accurate comments on the investigation and research issues , frequently went down to the grass - roots level to personally conduct social surveys , wrote many investigative reports .
their practice and achievements in conducting investigation and study are of great significance in guiding the cause of the party and the people to develop along the correct path .
" mao zedong , zhou enzhu , deng xiaoping , chen yun 's research " was written into three parts : first , the first part was the " theory of the great wall " written by mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation on investigation and research , and the second part was the book written by mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation on investigation and research , and the third part was the " selected works of three investigation groups and a series of study by mao zedong in the
most of these surveys were published for the first time .
in addition , there are two articles on the central leaders ' investigation and research in the 1950s and 1960 s .
russia reiterates adherence to one - china policy
moscow , february 6 ( xinhua ) russian deputy foreign minister alekseyev said here today that russia is willing to continue to adhere to the one - china policy .
alekseyev said that russia has noticed that chen shui - bian 's recent remarks about taiwan independence .
the russian government has consistently adhered to the one - china principle and firmly supported china 's efforts to realize the great cause of national reunification .
last year , after the chinese npc passed the anti - secession law , russia took the lead in publicly expressing support .
alekseyev said that the russian foreign ministry will issue a statement as soon as possible , reiterating the one - china stand and opposing taiwan independence .
( overseas ) chinese , chinese compatriots abduct and kill three in south africa
johannesburg , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese people 's association for relations across the taiwan straits ( cpc ) , which opened here this morning , has been providing assistance to the chinese people in the country .
according to feng yang , president of the chinese federation of liberia , the incident occurred in the huaoran city of vergam , a bar more than 130 kilometers northwest of burundian .
at that time , the owner of the shop lin yixing was taking up the items inside the station and preparing to end the business day .
there were three customers in the shop , one of them was walking out of the pistol and rushed into the station to commit robbery .
lin yixing , 40 , and his followers fought with the bandits . the scoundrels fired a gun from lin yixing and fled after that .
the local people who rushed to the hospital were rushed to the hospital for treatment . because lin yixing 's body was full of thick mumps , the blood - seepage virus , which was spread from the blood of the whole body of lin yixing , died at around 3:30 a. m . on 6 february .
on 6 february , the chinese consulate general in bandar seri beguang , the consulate general in bygone , and lin changming , vice chairman of the association of south africa 's china 's fujian fellow association , rushed to burunlong to assist the families of the deceased in handling the aftermath of the incident .
mr lam was the first victim of the gun shooting and killed by the culprits within 36 hours and was also the third chinese in south africa this year .
( selected newspaper and periodical ) shanghai : part - time staff and college graduates have become the main force of work
beijing , february 7 ( xinhua ) the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau ( fsb ) released the new year 's labor price index ( mou ) for 2006 , which was 120 , 11 more than last year , and the number of original jobs has dropped to 180 .
according to an expert of the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau , the number of hours of employees in shanghai has exceeded 1 million .
according to a report by " zhongguo qingnian bao , " college graduates and part - time employees are the main components of the contingent of hours workers .
through direct investigation into nearly 8,000 hours of workers , half of the workers are part - time workers , with a ratio of 51.131 percent .
the cultural level of the part - time workers is generally relatively high , mainly engaged in work with relatively strong technical skills , such as translation and job , and the ratio of part - time workers is as high as 81.77 percent , and the number of fitness classes is 61.66 percent .
high income is an important reason for many people to work in both hours .
it is learned that individual jobs can earn tens of thousands of yuan per month , and it is also difficult to pursue it , just like the translator , and the monthly income of the working hours can reach more than 2,000 yuan , for example , the number of people who have worked in a part - time manner , such as the guanting guoguang mianyi .
to satisfy individual interests and expand their knowledge is also a favorite job .
for example , in mr. gu , manager of the department of manpower , a company will take several hours a week to handle a business representative 's financial account .
mr koo considered that the biggest benefits of the work of the company were to make their knowledge more updated and to have opportunities to cover another field , of course , the income of 2000 yuan per month also had a certain lured influence .
as some hours of employment are low , the employment pattern is flexible and free , and many graduates are gradually favoring . they are now working in job - seeking .
i did n't want to work for an hour at the beginning , but after several months i did it , i felt it was better than working for the fifth evening of the 9 th north korea .
after graduating from college student huang , the job he found was not as satisfactory and finally hung up at a hotel .
i am quite satisfied with my current work , and the environment is also good . i want to do now is to find more things for several hours .
it is learned that the work hours have become the accumulation of experience for some graduates who are currently working in job search , and their skills have improved their communication skills and enhanced their ability to improve their ability to study and experience .
the employment hours of graduates are mainly concentrated in relatively strong knowledge and technical jobs , such as relatively professional and professional translation .
some of the work hours are not high in terms of skills , such as food promoters , clenbuterol agents , etc. , unemployed workers can be promoted through simple training .
the statistics show that the number of employed people in the hours was 390 percent , of which the number of unemployed people in the retail sector was as high as 68.4 percent , and the ratio of catering was 58.77 percent , and the number of unemployed workers was an important channel for employment .
wu bangguo inspects anhui work
beijing , february 8 ( xinhua ) the cpc central committee political bureau standing committee standing committee chairman wu bangguo recently held a inspection tour of anhui to study the work of the npc standing committee . he stressed that it is necessary to take the three - dimensional thinking as the guide and persist in taking the scientific development concept as the guide in commanding the overall situation of economic and social development and in the light of local realities , further emancipate the mind , and creatively carry out work , and implement the scientific development
from 6 to 8 february , wu bangguo successively went to wushu , wushu , liuhui , and other places in ma anshan , where he went to study in rural areas , research institutes , and colleges and universities .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui has the advantages of having a geographical position linking the eastern and western regions to the north . it is an important agricultural region in china . its natural resources are rich , its industrial foundation is relatively good , its scientific and technological strength is strong , its cultural and tourist resources are exceptional , and its development potential is enormous .
anhui should firmly seize the major opportunity of promoting the rise of central china and unswervingly persist in the central task of economic construction , and in close connection with anhui 's actual situation , conscientiously implement the central authorities ' principles and policies , creatively carry out work , implement the scientific development concept in concrete measures , and implement it in practical work .
we should sum up practical experience in a timely manner , fully rely on the masses , vigorously support reform and innovation , and continually open up a new situation in the work of anhui .
we should actively promote the construction of a harmonious society , and persist in doing a good job of safeguarding the fundamental interests of the overwhelming majority of the people as the starting point and the end - result of all our work , actively create conditions , gradually solve the practical problems of the masses with difficulties , gradually change the dual structure of the urban and rural areas , gradually narrow the gap in the region , and safeguard and realize social justice and ensure that all people enjoy the fruits of reform and development .
wu bangguo stressed : china has reached the stage of relying more on the enhancement of its ability to independently innovate and the improvement of its quality to promote economic and social development . only by vigorously promoting scientific and technological progress and innovation can we achieve a leap in the quality of productive forces and truly bring economic and social development onto the track of scientific development .
we should establish and improve systems and mechanisms that are conducive to innovation as soon as possible , increase investment in science and technology , encourage patents and inventions , develop famous brands , speed up the conversion of scientific and technological achievements into real productive forces , strengthen the enterprise 's position as the mainstay in independent innovation , and continually increase the contribution rate of scientific and technological progress to economic growth .
we should support and encourage the participation of technological elements in the distribution of the distribution of the resources , establish and improve the index system that reflects the ability to independently innovate , study and formulate policies that support independent innovation in finance , taxation , and government procurement , and form a policy system that encourages independent innovation .
we should cultivate a sense of innovation throughout the society , vigorously advocate the spirit of daring to make innovations and to create a good atmosphere for bringing up talent in large numbers .
wu bangguo pointed out : the npc has made great contributions to the process of governing the country according to law and building a socialist country ruled by law .
doing a good job in the work of people 's congresses under the new situation , we must first adhere to the correct political orientation , unswervingly take the road of socialist political development with chinese characteristics , and organically integrate the adherence to the party 's leadership to the people 's status as masters of their own affairs and the rule of law .
second , we should closely center on the overall situation of the work of the party and the state , closely center on major issues in reform , development , and stability , and work closely around the hot and difficult issues of common concern to the masses of the people in order to continuously enhance the practical results of the work of the npc .
third , we should give full play to the characteristics and advantages of the npc work , adhere to democratic centralism , act strictly according to procedures , and make collective decisions on issues .
we should adhere to the mass line , people - centered , power - based , people - oriented , feelings - oriented , and working for the people .
china proposes to develop a major scientific research project in the next 15 years
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) china has made great efforts to promote its sustainable development in order to enhance its international competitiveness , and to achieve a major leap in its development , the state council 's " outline for the development of medium and long - term science and technology ( 2006 - 2020 ) " has drawn up four major scientific research plans .
these four major scientific projects are the research on the research of protein , the research of research and development of naimi and the research on breeding and reproductive .
the program pointed out that protein science is the most important scientific commanding point in life that the developed countries are now engaged in fierce contention .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on studying the feasibility of developing a new type of biomass system , such as the study of the genetic structure of the swiss subgroup , the functions of biomass biomeito , and the functions of biomedicine and systems that are mutually dependent , such as biology , biology , cell biology , and biometrics , as well as relevant basic research in application .
the outline also holds that the quantum regulation and control research is of a clear perspective and is likely to have a far - reaching impact on the social and economic development of mankind by 2030 .
china should focus on studying the carrier and the principle and method of regulation and control , and quantitative calculation , the new measurement effect of the limited small gale system , the new quantitative control and measurement new principles and new technological foundation .
in addition , the program pointed out that nm technology has become a strategic choice for many countries to upgrade their core competitiveness and is also one of the areas that china is hopeful to achieve leapfrog development .
in the next 15 years , china 's key research in this field will include the control of nanotechnology materials , the manufacture of mobile phones , and the use of electronic bronze , which will be the first research in the field of the nanny biology and nanomei medicine .
china has a large population growth , a lot of birth defects , a serious shortage of transplant organs , and a peak of aging is approaching . therefore , it is imperative to make a breakthrough in the theory of reproductive and the scientific theory of breeding and technological innovation .
according to the program , china will focus on research on the possibility of scaling up and controlling stem cells , and the maturity and degree of survival will be developed in 2006 - 2020 .
shanghai 's housing price drop nearly seven percentage points
shanghai , february 9 ( xinhua ) the state 's approval of the housing sector for the year 2005 will be of great significance in shanghai , the state 's macro - control policy on the real estate industry .
according to the latest data released , last year shanghai 's real estate industry 's various indicators were all considerably reduced or slow .
the price of residential housing dropped 6.6 percentage points from the previous year , while the value of real estate industry dropped 4.110 percent from the previous year .
pan jian , director of the shanghai municipal bureau of statistics , said at a press conference the other day that the average sales price of residential housing in shanghai in 2005 was 66698 yuan / square meters , up 313 yuan from 2004 .
the price of residential housing rose 9.2 percent in the year , down 6.6 percentage points from the previous year .
the added value of the real estate industry was 67.023 billion yuan , down 4.131 percent from the previous year .
of the outstanding loans of financial institutions , the outstanding amount of loans for personal housing was 264.494 billion yuan , up only 20.44 billion yuan in the year , while the new loan increase in 2004 reached 72.28.09 billion yuan .
pan jianxin said that from the perspective of the sales price of shanghai 's real estate all year round , the price of commercial housing has dropped steadily .
the statistics also showed that according to the latest data , shanghai real estate price rose slightly in 2005 , while the average sales price of residential housing was 66698 yuan / square meters , up 23.9 percent from 2004 .
the housing sales price level for 2005 was 9.79 percent higher than the previous year , and the rate of increase was 6.2 percentage points lower than the previous year .
according to him , last year shanghai municipality completed the investment of 1.4686 - billion yuan in real estate development , up 6.111 percent from the previous year .
the sales area was 3158.87 million square meters , down 9.55 percent .
sales of commercial housing in the whole year were 21.133 billion yuan , down 4.5 percent from the previous year .
two light aircraft crashed in new zealand
wellington , february 9 ( xinhua ) two new zealand light aircraft crashed in the north of wellington , capital of new zealand , on wednesday , killing two people on board two flight schools in the city , according to the official .
according to a relevant responsible person of the local civil aviation department , the drivers of the two planes were all trainees of the flying school of the marseille university . they were still undergoing training and had not obtained any flight license .
at the time of the incident , two planes were in a non - air control area . according to regulations , the pilot should be responsible for the navigation and safety of the aircraft when flying in such a zone .
a eyewitness at the scene of the incident told new zealand media that he had heard a huge explosion when the plane collided and saw the aircraft crashed toward the ground .
another eyewitness also confirmed that before the plane crashed , it had heard a huge explosion and saw a plane crash .
the reason for the aircraft collision is still unknown , and the local civil aviation department will conduct an investigation on this .
chinese in argentina condemns chen shui - bian 's taiwan independence speech beijing , june 26
buenos aires , february 8 ( xinhua ) a chinese military delegation , headed by its foreign and chinese citizens in argentina , will hold a meeting on the 8 th to condemn chen shui - bian 's recent trip to taiwan to promote peace and reunification in argentina , which will not be a " referendum " on taiwan 's separation from china .
the statement said : chen shui - bian declared in his speech on 29 january that he would abolish the national unification council and the national unification program , and step toward the desert of taiwan independence .
the hope of compatriots on both sides of the strait for peace and the desire of taiwan compatriots for peace and development will face severe challenges .
the statement pointed out : resolutely opposing and containing separatist activities in taiwan , safeguarding peace and stability in the taiwan strait region , and still being the most pressing task for compatriots on both sides of the strait and the chinese society in the world .
the statement stressed that the council of argentina 's china reunification promotion is willing to hold dialogues with all overseas chinese and ethnic chinese from across the taiwan strait who uphold the one - china principle , resolutely oppose any form of taiwan independence , and actively promote china 's peaceful reunification .
prc expert : us ' unjustifiable ' accusations ' on us military threat
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to increase its military spending by 2-3 percent in the fourth five - year defense review report , which is the first time in the past , said a report to the congress on the defense review of the fourth year .
experts believe that this is an unreasonable accusation of china 's normal national defense construction , playing up china 's military threat , and is interference in china 's internal affairs .
the " four - year defense review report " is a new national defense guiding document of the pentagon .
the 92 - page report expounds china 's military strength and the us - china countermeasures .
yao yunyao , research fellow of the world military research department of the chinese academy of military sciences , said : although senior us officials have expressed similar views many times , this is the first time that the united states has proposed to develop into a country that is most likely to pose a military challenge to the united states .
the report clearly defines for the first time the united states has made russia 's naimi as a new strategic adversary , especially the so - called china military threat theory , more attention - - - like .
rear admiral peng guangqian , research fellow of the chinese academy of military sciences , said :
what merits attention is that in the " four - year defense review report " officially submitted , us president bush also submitted a draft resolution on the fiscal year 2007 to congress , which includes the defense budget of 4393 - billion us dollars .
if the us and the us are to be able to retaliate against the us military forces in 2007 , the us defense budget will break through the $ 500 billion mark , setting a new record , pang - him said , adding that this is almost the same as other countries in the world .
peng guangqian said : the us method of fabricating the threat of other countries reflects the consistent style of destroying enemies and the real purpose of the united states is to win more national defense funds and provide the united states ' huge arms industrial group with more profits .
experts said that compared with the huge military spending of the united states , china 's defense spending is quite limited .
he has participated in the military expert deng hongzhou , who has participated in the drafting of china 's national defense white paper many times , said : since the beginning of the 1990s , china 's national defense expenditures have increased somewhat , but the proportion of the national defense expenditures in the same period has been on the decline trend .
official data show that compared with 1979 , china 's national defense expenditure accounts for a decline of nearly 10 percent of the total national financial expenditures in the same period .
in 2005 , china 's national defense budget was 244.656 - billion yuan , just about one - fourth of the united states , and the per capita national military spending was only about one - 60 percent of the united states , and the per capita military spending was about one - thirds of the us military .
the us land area is roughly the same as china 's territory , and the difference in military expenditure is so huge , and in the end , who is the military force that goes beyond the proper defense needs . this is self - evident .
peng guangqian said :
teng jianqun , director of the research department of the china arms control and disarmament association , said that the united states should objectively evaluate china 's military construction , and china 's peaceful development does not mean that china and the united states will become military rivals in the future .
the " 2004 china national defense " white paper said that china firmly takes the road of peaceful development and practices a defensive national defense policy .
china has never been in a state of war or will not pose a threat to any country .
so far , china has not established military bases in any other country , nor has it sent troops to other countries , and the united states has been in the world with over 100 military bases , and only has it deployed in asia , more than 100,000 people .
zhu feng , professor at the beijing university international relations institute , said : china and the united states should increase communication and exchanges through established channels , enhance mutual understanding and trust , and comprehensively promote the constructive and cooperative relations between china and the united states in the new century so as to jointly promote the maintenance of world peace and development .
( winter games ) the opening ceremony of the dugeny winter games will be a heartening scene
dulingling , february 9 ( xinhua ) the 20 th winter olympic games will be held at local time on the evening of the 10 th , local time , the opening ceremony of the 20 th winter olympic games will officially open the mysterious veil of the stadium .
on 9 april , the organizing committee of the dulingwinter olympic games disclosed the excellent arrangements for the opening ceremony ahead of schedule to the reporters .
as for the opening ceremony , the chairman of the organizing committee , jose martirei , said at a press conference that the opening ceremony had spent 10 million euros and gathered together top italian talent in various fields .
he said : the night of 10 may will make people unforgettable . by that time , 35,000 viewers and some 2 billion television audience will see a great passion , a successful opening ceremony .
the flames of intense flame are filled with the smiles , the five - ring white pigeons of the red heart , and the white snow and cattle of the alps will appear at the opening ceremony . the director explained that the strollow of the milk pattern and the pair of the italian caihua will become the main theme of the opening ceremony and the largest winter games in history , and will show people in italy a long history .
the famous italian designer , amani , specially designed garments for the opening ceremony , the famous fashion brand of italy , moistano , will provide courteous clothes to the athletes attending the ceremony .
however , the famous italian male apache pavarotti will sing a song at the opening ceremony , and the organizing committee will leave this suspense in the end .
eight skull players who can jet flame will use three meters of flame to show that the flame burning is stirring up , and they will be using 70 km of speed to shuttle on many occasions .
the official of the organizing committee said that this was the most favorite creation in their opening performance .
on how to lure the main torch , the organizing committee did not reveal it ahead of time , but the main torch tower , which is 57 meters high , will be lighted and residents in the vicinity of alps .
white house announces bush 's visit to pakistan , india
washington , february 9 ( xinhua ) the white house spokesman mcclellan said here today that the united states will continue to play a more important role in the world 's peace and development .
mclellan said bush is looking forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he also said that he is making arrangements for this visit .
mclellan made the above remarks when he held various demonstrations in some areas of pakistan to protest the blasphemy of islamic preaching mohammed .
in january this year , when bush met with pakistani prime minister aziz at the white house , both sides expressed their willingness to strengthen friendly cooperation to jointly crack down on terrorism that jeopardizes the security of the two countries .
bush also said that at the invitation of the pakistani and indian governments , he will pay a visit to pakistan and india in march .
hamas seeks new cabinet to break through
ramallah , february 9 ( xinhua ) hamas has decided to form a cabinet to break through the palestinian government
xinhua news agency , wang hao ,
palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) won the election of the legislative yuan , how to draw up the new government blueprint has become the focus of world attention .
what new policies hamas will pursue will directly affect the peace process 's policy orientation in the next step .
at the same time , the boycott attitude of the united states and israel has added variables to the future of the hamas government .
at present , all sides of palestine are stepping up consultations to discuss the issue of forming a cabinet , which involves difficulties and sensitive points that are currently facing the future development of the situation .
who will the premier post spend ?
after hamas won the right to form a cabinet , people outside the world are worried that hamas may have differences with the current supreme leader abbas .
moreover , hamas leader marshal , who is visiting egypt , stressed that the new palestinian government , which was formed by hamas , would not recognize israel , and this hard - line signal also aggravated international concern .
the united states and israel have explicitly expressed that they do not accept a hamas government which is in power , and have threatened to suspend economic aid to palestine and to hand taxes to the palestinians .
however , this does not hinder hamas from making flexible strategic adjustments , and it is a policy to choose an independent person .
it is reported that in order to obtain international recognition as the greatest possible , hamas , who gathered in egypt , recently , decided to elect an independent person , jahari , chairman of the board of directors of the shalan islamic university , to be the new prime minister .
this move has not yet been responded by the relevant parties .
palestinian analysts , hossein , said that no matter who the premier 's office is taking place , the most crucial thing is that the prime minister should do his best to weaken hamas 's hard - line flavor , and only in this way can the success of forming a cabinet be guaranteed .
how to allocate power ( subhead )
internal , the biggest challenge facing hamas in forming a cabinet is to lack sufficient experience in governance .
the palestinian newspaper " sunshine " carried an analysis saying that hamas , through social welfare projects , has gathered around the people , but lacks experience in governance and is closely related to the palestinian national liberation movement ( fatah ) , which has gained experience in governance .
hamas proposed establishing political relations with fatah after the election , and jointly formed a national coalition government , but fatah has not given a positive response to this .
at present , there is no question of whether or not to join the cabinet , and each faction advocates taking part in the new government , so that they can accomplish something , while the other faction refuses to invite hamas , and is willing to act as a passive opposition in the legislative yuan .
the source pointed out that under abbas 's advice , fatah is gradually inclined to join the new government .
even so , hamas and fatah will also discuss the distribution of cabinet positions .
in addition , another way is to set up a legislative committee , leaving the party 's subordinate cabinet .
it was reported that hamas also designed a clean expert - type government , but the specific list is unknown .
in view of the attitude of the united states and israel , the technical expert - type government is also not negligent to form a cabinet to reduce external pressure .
according to the basic law of palestine , the new legislative council has nominated the premier and formed a cabinet after taking office on 16 march .
what course the armed forces should follow ?
the weapons in hamas 's hands are another thorny issue facing the formation of a new government .
the attitude of the united states and israel is very hard - line , and they firmly demand hamas to abandon violence and to refuse to take part in politics .
hamas leader marshal said on 9 november that armed resistance is a strategic choice of the organization .
the armed issue actually includes the legitimacy of weapons and the ownership of armed forces .
hamas was elected the first largest party in the legislative yuan through democratic and free means , and its subordinate armed factions were not like qangluan brigade .
hamas once proposed to unify all armed forces into the palestinian national authority , but did not have a broad response , and it was also attacked by the palestinian islamic jihad organization ( jahmed ) .
palestine currently has more than 60,000 security personnel , and the overwhelming majority of the security personnel are from the fatah camp .
moreover , fatah also has some militant factions that are slack in organization relations , such as the martial law of the martyrs brigade of aksa , the law - based eagle , etc.
hamas , who is responsible for forming a cabinet , must hold talks with abbas on how to manage these armed forces that are in their own hands and rationally distribute security management powers .
according to local media reports , abbas intends to be in charge of security and intelligence units , while the police and civil air defense organizations are under the control of the interior ministry of the new government .
however , all parties are still holding consultations on this sensitive issue , and no new article has yet to be made .
china issues first report on polar investigation
beijing , february 10 ( xinhua ) china 's national maritime administration ( nmb ) issued a " 2005 report on china 's polar survey " recently , which is the first time china has conducted an extreme scientific inspection activities in the past 20 years .
the report fully reflects the results of the 2005 polar scientific survey activities conducted by china , such as the polar field scientific research project , the major progress and achievements of the scientific research .
according to the " report , " the " report " says that at 22:15 ( beijing time ) on 9 january 2005 , the chinese antarctic research team successfully topped the antarctic inland icy zone with the highest icy level in the antarctic . it also set up a research team at 3:15 ( beijing time ) on 18 january , setting the highest altitude of the icelandic spot in the world , which was 4093 meters .
in the increasingly fierce international polar observation stage , chinese people are shen 's strong will and fearless spirit . they dare to break new grounds and make new progress . first , they have conducted research on the most advanced international icy - like icy - rough , and achieved success in one move , thus realizing the unique and unique dream of mankind in the south .
sun zhihui , director of the state oceanic administration , said :
the " report " shows that on 24 march 2005 , china 's 21 st antarctic expedition team successfully completed its mission and returned to shanghai . the current inspection lasted 151 days and had a flight distance of 26,500 nautical miles .
on 18 november the same year , china 's 22 nd antarctic expedition team left shanghai and went to the antarctic zhongshan station to conduct the science examination . it will leave the zhongshan station before the end of february 2006 to return to shanghai via australia .
as china 's first ultra - polar survey report was published , the " report on china 's polar exploration in 2005 " also made a comparison of the country 's polar exploration cause , which started in the early 1980 s .
according to the " report , " in 1983 , china formally joined the " antarctic treaty " and became a member of the antarctic treaty organization . it has also become a member of the antarctic treaty 's council of directors of the antarctic research council of antarctic antarctic research , the antarctic research council , and other most influential member states of the international organization .
in 1997 , china became a member of the north polarity committee and won the right to speak and make decisions in international polar affairs .
the " report " points out that china 's polar field has gone through a long process of development and has developed and developed in the initial stage . it has formed a third - class ship named nannu , a ship of the third - generation station , which is : the scientific research system established in 1985 , and the bipolar long - cheng station established in 1989 , and the antarctic zhongshan station established in july 2004 , and the beihai - 2 - 2 , which has been
according to the " report , " by the end of 2005 , china has organized 22 antarctic scientific research projects with a snowy dragon boat to conduct two inspection on the arctic science research in the arctic , which is based on the snowfield . the country has already more than 3,000 people , and over 3,000 people have visited the southern polytechnic station to conduct on - the - spot inspection .
at present , we are making preparations for the establishment of the third antarctic observation station , and is also china 's first southern pole inland inspection station .
dr sun said .
after more than 20 years of efforts , china 's polar research cause has been developing in a world polar world . however , china 's development is far from being similar to other major polar countries .
he said .
sun zhihui disclosed that china will publish an polar survey report each year in the future .
castro meets cuban president , says china , cuba , china to strengthen cooperation in science and education
havana , february 10 ( xinhua ) the cuban council of state president castro met with visiting cuban vice - president chen zhili on monday , and both sides expressed their willingness to strengthen education and science
president castro warmly welcomed state councilor chen zhili to visit cuba .
he said : cuba - china relations are very friendly . high - level visits have been frequent , and the two countries have effectively promoted and strengthened friendship and mutual understanding . he expressed the hope that the two countries will continue to deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in various fields , including education and science and technology .
chen zhili said : cuba is an important country with important influence in latin america and the caribbean region .
the friendly exchanges between the peoples of china and cuba have a long history .
cuba is the first latin american country to establish diplomatic relations with new china .
after entering the new century , with the concern and promotion of the leaders of the two countries , the mutual trust in politics between the two countries has been deepening , the fields of cooperation have been expanding , mutual support and cooperation in international affairs have entered a new era of comprehensive development of sino - cuban friendly relations .
she believed that with the joint efforts of both sides , the friendly cooperation between china and cuba will certainly produce more fruitful results .
chen zhili also pointed out that the chinese government has always attached importance to exchanges and cooperation with cuba in the field of education .
in recent years , the educational exchanges between the two countries have become closer and more frequent .
china actively supports the international conference held by cuba and sent delegations to attend the world higher education conference and the 2005 anti - illiteracy meeting .
cuba 's basic education level is very high , and i hope that exchanges of experience will be further strengthened in the future .
chen zhili said : china and cuba have advantages in scientific research and development , and can cooperate with each other in many fields to achieve mutual benefit and win - win results .
the chinese side is helping cuba to aid some research equipment , hoping that cuba will play a positive role in its scientific research and production .
she also briefed castro on china 's strategy of rejuvenating the country through science and education and the national science and technology conference .
chen zhili arrived in cuba on 9 february local time for a four - day official visit to cuba at the invitation of the cuban government .
during the visit , chen zhili met with cuban high education minister vienna , and inspected havana university 's information science university , petersburg 's university and st. marti middle school .
oil leakage on beijing highway
harbin , february 11 ( xinhua ) the world bank ( nwf ) opened a new road in the area of the highway at 2300 on february 10 , killing one person and injuring four others .
according to the police police of the traffic police unit of the shuangcheng city public security bureau , three trucks collided with a car on the 85th kilometer - kilometer highway . a truck of a truck and a tanker crashed into the vehicle . the oil tank was leaked out and the waste oil tank was flown on the road .
it is learned that the oil tanker was carrying waste oil that produced after the oil tanker was in a coke .
because of the high concentration of waste oil , it is also feared that the vehicles had been in danger of fire in the past , the departments concerned have closed the road at the scene .
some roads in harbin 's direction are closed , and many vehicles are bypassing .
at present , the departments concerned are cleaning up the scene and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) whampoa announces 3 % of italian phonius
hong kong , february 11 ( xinhua ) the extension of the 3rd bending business company in the world of 3rd in the western part of italy will be implemented on wednesday , according to the hong kong branch of the huangpu military region ( huangpu ) .
huo jianning , general manager of the huanggang group , said that although penghang has obtained approval from all relevant supervisory organs for listing on the market , the shareholding procedures must be completed in the next few weeks , and the time is really too hurry .
at the same time , the current market condition of european telecommunications stocks is weak , and the market may not necessarily be able to provide 3 % of italian shares at this time .
in view of the fact that the shareholders have the greatest interest to take into account , the decision to postpone the listing .
as for when to issue shares to be listed , huo said that it would depend on the future situation of the european telecommunications market .
he said : from now on , to the time of the other recruitment , peng3 needs to conduct extensive investment activities in the market for global telecommunications investment to get a clearer understanding of the current strong performance and favorable prospects of italy 's current strong performance .
according to media reports , one of the world 's top investors , the italian - us investment bank , is highly prosperous , agreeing to sell the shares of 10-1 percent of the italian - made 3 - percent of the total shares of the italian market by the end of march this year .
china , myanmar to develop trade relations
yangon , february 12 ( xinhua ) chinese ambassador to myanmar ( woodman ) and economic and trade counselor tang hai met here monday with visiting chinese premier qian qichen on the eve of the 14 th , and said that the current momentum of economic and trade relations between china and burma is characterized by rich contents , rich in methods , and mutually beneficial , mutually beneficial , and mutually beneficial , common development .
ambassador miki said that in recent years , the sino - burmese good - neighborly relations , which were established on the basis of the five principles of peaceful coexistence , have been consolidated and developed , and exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been expanding and deepening , and bilateral economic and trade relations have been constantly expanding and strengthening .
during the meeting , the two sides exchanged views on bilateral economic and trade cooperation and other issues of common concern .
during the 2004 high - level mutual visits , the two sides signed 33 agreements on economic and trade cooperation , most of which are being implemented and implemented .
he said : 2004 is $ 1.44 billion , and in 2005 it will reach $ 1.09 billion , of which china 's exports will be $ 9.35 billion and imports $ 274 billion .
in bilateral trade last year , china 's yunnan and myanmar trade ( including border trade ) amounted to $ 630 million , an increase of 14.6 percent over the previous year .
tang said myanmar has become a key partner of chinese enterprises in the construction industry , and china 's main projects include power plants , bridges , and docks .
chinese enterprises have opened construction businesses in myanmar , bringing along the export of various types of mechanical and electrical products in china , and myanmar has become an important market for the export of complete sets of equipment and mechanical and electrical products .
according to chinese customs statistics , in the past five to six years , the export of mechanical and electrical products has accounted for about 455 percent of china 's total exports to burma .
counselor tang said that myanmar has rich resources and chinese companies have already started to invest in burma 's oil and natural gas fields , bronze mine , and other natural resources . the development potential of sino - burmese economic and trade cooperation has great potential .
he expressed the hope that chinese enterprises will have a long - term vision , learn how to avoid risks and make a prudent decision , establish a good image of enterprises , and ensure the quality of projects to be maintained on time and to win glory for the country .
ambassador miki and counselor tang hai - hsiung said that prime minister soe win 's forthcoming official visit to china is the major event in bilateral relations this year and is of great significance to enhancing mutual trust in politics , promoting bilateral cooperation , and promoting the further development of sino - burmese good - neighborly relations .
it is expected that the two sides will sign several agreements on economic and trade cooperation during the visit .
world bank to reduce debt
moscow , february 11 ( xinhua ) world bank president wolfowitz said in moscow on the 11th that the world bank would completely remove the debts of the poorest countries by the middle of this year .
wolfowitz said that he was glad to see the meeting between the finance ministers of various countries , which had come to moscow to attend the g8 finance ministers ' meeting .
in a statement issued after the meeting , he said that the world bank will implement the debt reduction plan before 1 july this year , and that the world bank is now completing all technical work .
last year , the world bank donated all the debts owed by 28 countries , and said that it would provide a new fund for the trust fund .
the debt of the imf is relatively small , and the imf has started to reduce its debts since the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz expressed his appreciation for russia 's decision to remove debts from 16 african countries .
high - ranking digital television sets are becoming more and more popular in the united states
new york , february 12 ( xinhua ) the number of tv sets with a high resolution ( bronze ) dropped by 5.8 percent in the first quarter of this year , the us television broadcasting agency also stepped up its efforts to introduce a corresponding high - resolution television program .
the us supercilesle , which has just ended , has become the most popular player in the us broadcasting industry to welcome the high - definition television match .
according to a recent financial times report , the us congress recently adopted a bill to stipulate that the american broadcasting industry must comprehensively stop broadcasting the current state of simulated television signals on 17 february , 2009 , and only to show digital signals .
this means that the comprehensive digitization of us television programs has already set a clear timetable .
the popularization of high resolution digital television depends on consumers to purchase television sets on one hand , while on the other hand , it depends on manufacturing institutions to provide high - resolution digital programs .
although digital television has been repeatedly mentioned in the past few years , it has never become a reality .
this problem has been favorable this year .
according to the forecast of the us consumer electronics association , the sales of digital television sets in the united states this year will exceed the traditional tv sets for the first time , while 85.5 percent of the digital television sets are high - resolution products .
japanese researchers have developed new highly efficient people 's kidney
tokyo , february 13 ( xinhua ) the research institute of the east china sea university of japan has developed a kind of biological kidney , which not only has the same discretion function as human kidney , but also has the function of maintaining material elements .
according to a report by the nihon keizai shimbun , the newly developed biological boys are mainly composed of two parts , and some are filtrated into the blood , and the people of the liexie waste and water diameter are born in the blood . in addition , they are used for the purpose of returning to blood with the elements of the original lieutenant general and the water subdivision , and they can use the components to return to the blood .
the person 's body is a person 's body , and the person 's body is a type of scales in the middle air .
this kind of skin cells can make many blood penetration into diseases caused by many times .
in the past , the gap between human beings and the use of seepage pressure is not completely removed .
researchers used mountain goats to conduct a biological - man transplant experiment , and the middle - air - based silk walls used pig cells in the midair bath of human beings .
two weeks later , researchers confirmed that human beings have been able to play their role .
currently , they are developing and using the biological kidney of human kidney cell and will verify their safety .
china 's electric power industry still faces severe challenges
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the state power supervision and management commission said on wednesday that although the power production safety in 2005 has remained stable , the power production safety is still facing severe challenges .
shi yubo , vice chairman of the state power regulatory commission , said here today that the fifth meeting of the national electric power safety production commission ( enlargement ) will be held in beijing . in 2005 , china 's electric power production safety has been generally stable and successfully completed the task of electricity supply and power supply to the peak of summer .
however , he pointed out that with the changes in the situation of electricity supply and demand and the operation of a large number of newly built generators , the power production safety will face new challenges .
these challenges include : regional , seasonal , electricity shortages will continue to exist , and power supply in some areas will remain tight , and the price mechanism for electricity is still not yet formed , leading to the relatively large supply of coal , and at the same time , the problem of the decline in the quality of coal is still not effectively controlled , and the demand for power generating units will be seriously affected .
shi yubo said : as the reform of the power system deepens , many deep - seated contradictions will continue to be exposed . how to maintain the stability of the workers ' contingent and ensure normal production order will become new problems facing us .
in view of the work of electric power safety in 2006 , shi yubo said that it is necessary to further solidify the foundation of the power production safety management work , speed up the establishment and improvement of the power safety emergency management mechanism , enhance the capacity to deal with emergencies , strengthen the coordination and cooperation of the power plant network , jointly safeguard the safety of the power system , continue to do a good job in supervising and managing the safety of the dam and informationization , and strengthen
it is learned that in light of the new situation in the management of electric power safety , the power regulatory commission will conduct a revision and improvement of the " provisional regulations on the investigation of electric power production accidents " promulgated this year . meanwhile , the regulations on the safety of the dam of the hydropower station and the second system of the power plant will be issued to the public this year .
in 2005 , china 's entire society 's electricity consumption reached 246.889 billion kilowatt - hours , up 13.455 percent from the same period last year .
in the face of the situation of the supply and demand of electricity , the contradictions between coal , electricity , oil , and transportation are conspicuous , all power enterprises have taken effective measures to strengthen the management of equipment . last year , there was no major accident in power production in the whole country .
the power grid accident occurred 74 times , a year - on - year decrease of 127 times , and the number of equipment accidents was 427 , down 132 times from the same period last year .
the south african envoy to china said that the chinese citizens ' criminal activities were not organized in the country
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) south africa 's embassy in china has been providing assistance to chinese citizens to help them to develop their products , said a chinese official here today
he said that the south african government will do its best to crack down on all forms of criminal activities .
he said the south african government hopes to cut the crime rate to zero and hopes that every country in south africa will be able to live and work in a safe and secure environment .
since 2006 , four chinese citizens have been killed in south africa , and the chinese world has expressed a wide concern about this .
the chinese foreign ministry has made representations to south africa on this issue and reminded chinese citizens in south africa to further enhance their sense of security and prevention . overseas chinese have strengthened unity and friendship and cooperated with the police in cracking down on criminal activities .
we express our sincere sympathy and condolences to the families of victims .
he said that if we are very sorry to this , we also ask the chinese people to believe that the south african government is carefully investigating every case involving china .
according to the chinese embassy in south africa , the south african police have successfully cracked a case of the murder of chinese fujian woman chen jianqing in south africa on 5 february . a suspect has been arrested .
the police are now hunting another suspect .
in addition , according to the south african embassy in china , the criminal suspects involved in the shooting of hong kong businessmen have been arrested by the south african police , and the money and property of the victims have been recovered .
on the impact of the incident of chinese citizens ' killing , fuang said that these incidents would indeed have a positive impact on the trade between the two countries and other areas .
according to the tourism commissioner of the south african embassy , the embassy only issued a " letter " to more than 2,000 chinese people in the first 15 days of this year .
according to official statistics , south africa will continue to maintain china 's largest trade partner in africa in 2005 .
the bilateral trade volume reached $ 7.27 billion , an increase of 23.2 percent over the same period last year .
however , people in the tourism industry believe that the continuous occurrence of the chinese citizens ' killing incident in 2004 has a significant impact on the number of chinese tourists to south africa .
according to statistics from the south african tourism bureau , the number of chinese tourists to south africa in the first half of 2005 was 20331 , a decrease of 14.9 percent compared with the same period last year .
currently , there are about 200,000 chinese living in south africa , and the villages in south africa are located .
analysts here believe that the gap between the rich and the poor in south africa , the high unemployment rate , and the widespread spread of guns , and no threat to the death of the death penalty , the crime rate is still high .
many chinese do not understand english , and they have cash in their hands and homes , and they are even more prone to become the targets of the criminal elements ' scheme for money .
hk promotes learning and training in english
hong kong , february 13 ( xinhua ) the hong kong special administrative region government launched a new scheme to provide more workplace english training for people in hong kong .
this is a classic and popular project that aims to learn how to improve english and to promote the development of english through a series of publicity activities , and to enable employers to better understand how to help employees improve their english proficiency .
the project has been funded by some 25,000 people to complete the workplace english training courses , which have helped them achieve the standard of english in hong kong .
the hong kong workplace english campaign is launched by the government in 2000 .
an important project of the workplace english campaign is the funding scheme for workplace english training .
the scheme aims to help employees who need to use english in work and to participate in the designated international business english examinations to meet their respective working needs .
hebei 's aids testing and testing system has free of charge
shijiazhuang , february 14 ( xinhua ) the hebei provincial health department recently formulated a " hebei province voluntary consultation and examination system for aids " to provide a public health organization with a clear stipulation on the implementation of free mobile vaccination for aids detection and prevention , and hopes that the hiv / aids patients will be able to find to the maximum the hiv carriers and patients and to further implement preventive measures and four policies to prevent interventionism and prevent them from getting them .
the " plan " clearly states the principle of hebei province 's voluntary consultation and testing of aids : free treatment and antibody testing and consulting ; free medical examination and consultation ; voluntary consultation and consent for aids resistance ; aids antibody testing and consultation ;
the " plan " requires that aids consultation and testing points be located at the place where the consulting personnel are convenient , and in order to protect the selfish interests of the consulting personnel , one - sided room should be built , and one - on - one consultations should be conducted .
the choice of the advisers should give full consideration to the personal qualities of the knowledge field and the capacity to exchange .
to protect the selfish privacy of consulting agents , the inspection leaflets can be registered with the code or number .
the " plan " also requires that the health administration departments at and above the county level make public the local key media the medical and health institutions list and consulting telephone numbers of medical and health institutions that undertake the free medical examination service for aids in their own areas to facilitate the masses to understand the relevant information .
the ministry of public security still has the focus of its work on extorting torture and inspecting the police .
beijing , february 14 ( xinhua ) the ministry of public security has decided to set up a new security system to provide a guarantee for the public security , said zheng huigang , deputy director of the public security police inspector 's office , at a press conference held here today
the focus of the work of the supervisory departments is also to prevent the occurrence of these problems .
he also pointed out that some international organizations do not have a full understanding of the law enforcement situation of the chinese police .
the latest information provided by the ministry of public security on 14 february shows that the ministry of public security has issued " regulations on putting on record the public security organs ' measures for keeping in order " in 2004 . the " regulations on the application of continuing interrogations " by public security organs have better guaranteed that the measures for grassroots public security organs to apply for interrogations in accordance with the law .
since 1997 , in order to deepen the three treatment tasks , namely , the control of the abuse of guns and police , the enforcement of coercive measures , the police inspectors of public security organs throughout the country have insisted on going deep into police units to conduct mobile patrol operations in the police units , as well as public security and supervision centers and other grassroots level - level law enforcement units , and have made a thorough examination and approval of the law enforcement links that are in the interests of citizens .
in order to prevent the problem of law enforcement at source , the police inspectors have further extended the tentacle of law enforcement inspectors , and increased the intensity of checking and checking the application of pylaw - enforcement personnel and theft cases in the cases of 110 imprisoned police , such as handling of cases of cases of cases of cases of cases of cases of cases of cases of cases of cases of cases of crimes , cases of punishments of handling of cases of law -
prc 's sun yun - suan dies in taipei
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the united states and taiwan have reached a consensus on the taiwan issue , which has been the honorary chairman of the taiwan strait exchange foundation , on the taiwan strait exchange foundation , on the morning of 15 february , when sun yun - suan , who was the honorary chairman of the taiwan strait exchange foundation , died of illness in taipei .
sun yun - suan was born on 11 november 1913 in the shandong penglai and the harbin industrial university 's electric machinery department .
he is a member of the 10 th to 13 th cpc central committee , a standing committee member of the 12 th cpc central committee , and a member of the presidium of the 14 th cpc central committee evaluation committee and a member of the 15 th central committee appraisal committee .
he was once the head of the taiwan authorities ' transportation department , and he was a member of the executive yuan .
heilongjiang to promote the evaluation of the ecological environment of the songhua river water pollution
harbin , february 16 ( xinhua ) china will launch a series of large - scale joint ventures to help the songhua river clean the water - dry season and the ice - skating layers melt the river , said the province 's water pollution environment assessment and countermeasures
the reporter learned from the heilongjiang environmental protection bureau that the yuru desert , a major polluted ecological environment assessment organization organized by the state environmental protection administration , and the strategy - related projects have been identified into 15 special topics , which include the evaluation of emergency environment and the evaluation of ecological environment and the evaluation of ecological effects of strategy - based strategies .
currently , 10 scientific research institutes in heilongjiang have undertaken 14 research projects .
according to the briefing , environmental protection departments and relevant scientific research institutions will conduct research on five special topics , namely , the evaluation of emergency environment and the research on countermeasures for dealing with emergencies , in an effort to solve environmental problems that the masses are most concerned about .
the main control is the combined concentration of pollutants in the fault of the fault with the total discharge volume of pollutants in the country . the impact of the pollutant 's consumption safety on the songhua river is evaluated by the scattered water on the two sides of the strait and the security of underground water supply . the plan for the emergency water supply in the cities is studied and studied the feasibility of the feasibility of the songhua river freezing and
the environmental protection department of heilongjiang province will also intensify environmental monitoring efforts along the songhua river , and strictly investigate and deal with environmental pollution cases that cause serious pollution in violation of the law and illegal construction .
heilongjiang will send environmental law enforcement personnel to supervise and guide various localities in carrying out comprehensive improvement of the small river basin environment , improving the environment for the submerged heung of the alan gulf , such as the wanghe river , etc.
beijing university opens memorial hall for wang ming
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a new school in beijing in the 100 th anniversary of the founding of the people 's republic of china ( prc ) at 0900 on the morning of 15 february after a few days of tight arrangements , and hundreds of people have come to mourn .
at about 0800 , the opening hours of the hall have not yet come . dozens of people outside the hall have already formed a long team .
this reporter learned from the commemoration hall of the centennial memorial hall of the beijing university that the wall of the hall was hanging a black horizon : the red - eye mourning mourning mourning mourning of wang xuezhi .
the lower part of the horizon was a huge portrait of wang xuan , which was more than 10 square meters . he was wearing a glasses , a smile , and a graceful and elegant face .
the two sides of the remains were wooden trees , dozens of woods , and several woods .
one of the three - dimensional polytechnic writings : the chinese nation 's foundations were created by qin sheng 's brilliant chinese characters , and the blueprint was drawn up in the contemporary era by the lead .
the mood was heavy .
among the crowd who were killed , some were leaders and teachers of beijing university , friends of wang xuezhi , friends of wang xuan , and many of those who had been well known to him .
some of them held flowers in their hands , and some held their flower baskets . each person was wearing a little white flower in his chest , slowly walking to the remains of academicians wang xuan , bowing his brains .
many people could not help but shed tears .
zhang wenbin , who served as director of the state cultural relics bureau , is an old alumnus of beijing university . he told this reporter that he was still working in henan province ten years ago . he asked professor wang xuan to give a report on scientific and technological innovation to provincial party committee cadres .
academician wang xuan is a person who has studied . he is a model of his studies . he has made great contributions to the country and society . the people will never forget him .
professor jin ruilin of the beijing university law school is a friend of wang xuan , who has been an old friend for more than 40 years .
he had just been discharged a few days ago . today he insisted on leaving behind old friends .
mr. kim , when he wrote a message in his book , could not restrain his own pain and had paper discredited .
he told this reporter that professor wang ch'ing - ch'ing 's life was very frugal , and when he was staying in tong fu garden , he was already a professor , and he had already made very high achievements , but he was still living in a very small house for many years .
later he moved to the chengzyuan , where he lived in a place of 70 to 80 square meters .
the beijing university gave him an academician 's building at the blue chips , a big house of more than 140 square meters . he did not want , and the high - level housing provided by the fangzheng building , he did not want to have a living room .
mr. jin recalled with deep feeling that during his visit abroad , wang was providing a very high treatment to him , but he was determined to thank him .
when he first insisted that he would not apply for academicians , he was only promoted after mr. zhou peyuan had repeatedly mobilized .
mr. jintong , who has deep feelings , is also wang xuan 's attitude toward the training of young people . he has stressed many times that he is now looking at what i have , not just looking at myself , but rather relying on cultivating young people .
mr. jin said : when he was fifty years old , wang ch'ing - ting began to pay attention to training young people . he always stressed that it is necessary to be willing to be a man 's ladder and give young people a way .
it was for a very successful scientist , very easily .
the reporter learned from the beijing university news center that from 0900 on 15 february to 12:00 on 19 february , the daily average of wang xuan 's cache was opened to the public from 0900 to 1600 hours . this was why people from various circles were invited to express their condolences .
the chinese people 's political consultative conference ( cppcc ) academicians , academicians of the chinese academy of engineering , and academicians of the third world chinese academy of sciences , wang xuan , who are known as the chinese academy of social sciences , were admitted to beijing and hospital at 11:30 hours on february 13 , after their illness and illness .
china 's npc , chilean parliament exchange mechanism
wu bangguo attended the signing ceremony and signed the agreement
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) wu bangguo , chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress , attended the first meeting of the china national people 's congress and the chilean parliament to establish political dialogue relations , which was held in the great hall of the people on the afternoon of 15 february .
china 's npc and the chilean parliament have formally established their exchange mechanism .
it is learned that chilean senate president romanian senate president romano and house speaker aseshi have signed a memorandum of understanding on the development of bilateral relations in santiago , capital of chile , the capital of chile , the other day .
according to the agreement , the two sides will establish a new type of friendly cooperative relations between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament in accordance with the principles laid down in the sino - chilean joint communique on the establishment of diplomatic relations , and the rotating of the dialogue committee will hold meetings on a regular basis in order to promote the comprehensive development of bilateral relations .
chilean ambassador to china kalaya attended the signing ceremony .
china to promulgate regulations on protection of information network
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) many websites have been relying on a large number of newspapers and magazines to deliver news reports , including newspapers and magazines , to increase the number of websites , but many have not authorized and have not paid any expenses to go to the united states . the director of the state copyright bureau , wang ziqiang , was invited to give a news conference held on 15 february at the state council information office .
wang ziqiang said : according to the existing laws , the work that the author has published in the newspapers and periodicals can not be used as a statement without the author 's consent to using the works . at the same time , the state copyright bureau will formulate a special work plan for the transfer of the newspaper and periodical pay according to the law .
however , according to the existing laws , the newspaper 's publishing agency enjoys the right to make such a statutory license . at present , the internet does not enjoy the right to such a statutory license .
according to the relevant judicial interpretations of the supreme people 's court , the method of using the legal license for the reversion of newspapers and periodicals can apply to the internet , that is , the short articles published on the internet , and the author has not made a statement that cannot be used in a statement . the internet can not be used without permission , and at the same time pay remuneration .
however , as the judicial interpretation does not stipulate the pay standards , the use of these works in the internet has not been paid .
regarding the use of the internet , is the short piece of work that has been published , and needs to be determined at the legal level .
wang ziqiang said : whether or not it is included in the scope of legal provisions or the information network protection regulations that are to be promulgated this year will be adopted to confirm it .
russian military says georgia 's parliament resolution not to affect russian peacekeeping operations
moscow , february 15 ( xinhua ) russian defense ministry information officials said today that the russian government will continue to support the development of the russian peacekeeping forces in the future , and the russian government will not interfere in the peace - keeping activities of russian soldiers in the short term , according to a russian defense ministry press official .
the cis committee chairman , the state duma ( lower house ) , said that the russian state duma ( lower house ) has decided to send a new resolution to the parliament on the russian peacekeeping forces in the country
he stressed : the georgian parliament resolution has made the relations between russia and georgia move forward in the direction of deterioration .
he said : the accusations of the russian side are absurd .
the georgian parliament passed a resolution on the same day , demanding that the russian peacekeeping troops stop their peacekeeping operations in the southern oslo , but the specific deadline for the withdrawal of russian peacekeeping troops was not fixed .
the georgian parliament accused russian peacekeeping personnel of not performing their duties and regarded the actions taken by russia in the conflict area as a move to swallow and swallow georgia .
the georgian parliament has demanded the government to take active actions to consider stationing international peacekeeping troops in the southern oslo conflict area to replace the current peacekeeping operations in the region .
the georgian parliament also ordered the government to revise the relevant agreement on russian peacekeeping personnel entering the conflict area .
the southern oslo is an autonomous state of georgia , and is contiguous to the republic of north ossetia .
after the disintegration of the former soviet union , it declared independence and was in a state of confrontation with the central government for a long time .
at present , russia has stationed 500 peacekeeping camps in the region .
the unit was formed by a group of soldiers from the north of georgia , the northwestern santa , and the nanta laddis .
four people in charge of the fire in liaoyuan hospital will be charged with the crime of major responsibility
changchun , february 16 ( xinhua ) the liaoyuan city center hospital in jilin province has been hit by the extraordinarily serious fire , with 11 persons in charge , including the head of the hospital electric work squad , zhang diankun and four others , who were suspected of being involved in major accidents .
on 15 december 2005 , the largest hospital in liaoyuan city , where a fire occurred , finally killing 39 people .
in this fire , more than 5,000 square meters of fire were used .
it is learned that this is the first major incident in the national medical and health system since the founding of new china .
according to investigation , at about 1630 on the day of the incident , the liaoyuan city center hospital suddenly stopped the power supply . according to the hospital 's circuit design , the power wire gate of the power box will automatically jump to the deputy gate and continue to maintain normal power supply in the hospital . however , the electric gate at that time did not automatically jump the gate .
the underground cable line , which was in the bumpy , was wrapped up by dozens of electric cables , which were unseemingly in a big way . the cable like this should be put up in a very complete manner and put in a fire - prevention layer .
therefore , the 57 - year - old liaoyuan city textile company 's electric power installation team captain zhao yongchun , retired cadre ( senior engineer ) of the bureau of electric industry , sun fenglin , returned to the city center hospital where retired workers were discharged . jin chengtai , a three - person , was also charged for suspected major responsibility accident .
the first tour of china 's village tourism , guizhou , was held in tin lung tuen mun , china .
guiyang , february 16 ( xinhua ) guigang , a city in guizhou 's pingdam , was hit by a big family in the morning of 16 february .
at 10 : 30 am , after the end of the five - year - old festival , the 80 - year - old old old zheng peqin , who was wearing a long - green shirt , sounded the first song of the chinese village tourism tour of guizhou .
the tin lung village is a typical representative of the development of tourism in guizhou 's rural areas and a national model of tourism .
as a backstage of the army in the ming dynasty , the descendants of the army , the people of wushu , have been in the past more than 600 years .
here , we can see how long blue skies are wearing a long - sleeved blue snake , ancient han culture and dressed in the village of castle .
it is learned that the natural dragon village has relied on this cultural tradition advantage and has developed rural culture and tourism since 2002 . in 2005 , the income of only tickets will reach 3.8 - million yuan , and over 4.7 percent of the households in the entire village will participate in tourism and farmers ' equal income will increase from 22.1 percent in 2002 to over 1,300 yuan .
director yang shengming of guizhou provincial tourism bureau said that following the first tour of tianlong village , the number of new rural areas was increased by a large margin , and the number of new tourist spots was still on the main theme . this year , various localities in guizhou will launch 35 various rural tourism activities .
so far , more than 130 villages in guizhou have launched various rural tourism projects . by 2005 , more than 600,000 households in the province have freed themselves from poverty through development .
the price of housing in 70 cities across the country rose 5.5 percent in january , while the housing price in shanghai continued to decline .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the country 's 70 large and medium - sized cities sold a year - on - year increase of 5.5 percent in january , down 0.7 percentage points from the previous month .
shanghai 's housing prices continued to slide .
the state development and reform commission ( nac ) statistics bureau said on 16 june that most of the 70 large and medium - sized cities saw a small increase in housing sales prices in january this year , with the price of haoxian growing over 10 percent , while the housing price in shanghai continued to decline slightly , down 0.4 percent from the previous year .
the same - track statistics showed that in the first quarter of last year , shanghai 's housing sales prices rose 19.1 percent over the same period last year , and a turn was seen in the later period . in the second half of last year , a slight decline was recorded .
in january this year , the prices of new residential housing in 70 large and medium - sized cities rose 6.9 percent year - on - year , and the rate of increase was 0.2 percentage points lower than last month .
the number of cities with housing increases was 18.9999.9 percent , while the number of cities with relatively high increases was 10.09 percent in chengdu , with a growth rate of 8.4 percent , and shanghai down 3.131 percent .
the central organization department has called for further strengthening supervision over the selection and appointment of leading cadres and cadres
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the central organization department recently published and distributed a proposal to strengthen the work of cadre supervision .
the opinions urged organization departments at all levels to proceed from the need to strictly manage and care for cadres , and see to it that the supervision of cadres runs through every link in the training and evaluation of cadres , and the various links in routine management , and to strengthen and improve the supervision mechanism for preventing and checking in good time when discovering cases and strictly rectifying problems , and earnestly strengthen supervision over the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing leading cadres .
the opinions pointed out : the main task of supervision over cadres in organizational departments is to supervise leading bodies and leading cadres , with the focus on strengthening supervision over the principal responsible persons of leading bodies ;
in supervising leading bodies and leading cadres , the opinions have pointed out : we should unremittingly conduct education on ideals and convictions and on the promotion of honest government and the promotion of clean government , and carry out education in the course of cultivating , selecting , promoting , and supervising leading cadres to enhance their party spirit , uphold the party as the public , and firmly build up a party that governs for the people , and firmly build up a ideological and moral defense line for resisting corruption and degener@@
when holding a talk on appointing cadres , we should clearly set requirements on honesty and self - discipline .
we should urge the leading bodies at all levels to adhere to democratic centralism , establish and improve rules and procedures for making decisions , and conscientiously implement the system of combining collective leadership with individual responsibility .
we should give prominence to the supervision of the principal responsible persons of the leading bodies , and the responsible persons of the organization ( personnel affairs ) departments should often talk with the principal responsible persons of the leading bodies at the next level to understand their ideological work and work style .
establish and improve the system of day - to - day management and supervision of leading cadres , and conduct regular analyses and analysis of the ideological and work style of the leading cadres , and put forward opinions and measures for solving problems .
we should implement a system of holding leading cadres responsible for admonitory talks and letters and should promptly hold admonitory talks or written interviews when problems are discovered .
the outstanding problems reflected by the masses should be seriously investigated and understood , and problems should be criticized and solved when problems arise .
at the same time , we should integrate strengthening supervision with encouraging cadres to boldly explore new ways and innovations , and pay attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the opinions demand that the organizational ( personnel affairs ) departments at all levels earnestly strengthen supervision over the work of selecting and appointing party and government leading cadres .
we should further improve the system of recommending and recommending cadres in such links as examination and approval , and should strictly ensure that the selection and use of cadres is properly handled and that the work of recruiting cadres is carried out in a solid manner in a way that the people can stand in the forefront of their work .
we should strengthen inspection of the implementation of the regulations on appointing cadres , strictly investigate and handle acts that violate the regulations on appointing cadres , and resolutely check unhealthy practices and corrupt practices in the use of cadres .
and to implement a system of supervising and investigating the problem of using people in serious violation of regulations , and intensify the supervision and inspection and investigation .
establish and improve a system of accountability for the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres , and scientifically define the responsibilities of the principal responsible persons in every aspect of the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres in accordance with the principle of unanimity in power and responsibility , and make clear the method of investigating and affixing the responsibility of those who are responsible in every aspect of the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres .
we should give full play to the role of supervision by the masses and establish and improve a mechanism for providing good protection for the safety of law enforcement and for giving full scope to the effective efficiency of the cases .
we should give full play to the role of supervision by the media , and report the situation of the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres to the press at the right time , so as to accept supervision by the public .
the opinions pointed out : we should further improve the mechanism of coordination and cooperation in cadre supervision .
organization ( personnel ) departments should strengthen cooperation with discipline inspection organs and establish a system of work in a clean and honest manner with the departments concerned in charge of the work of improving the party 's work style and building a clean and honest government with the departments concerned , and strengthen the joint force of supervision .
and work with discipline inspection organs to conscientiously do a good job in inspection , improve inspection methods , improve inspection systems , and improve inspection quality .
and work with the auditing organs to conscientiously implement the system of auditing leading cadres ' economic responsibility .
we should improve the internal supervision mechanism for the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres in the organizational departments .
taiwan authorities ' investment in mainland china as heavy punishment
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the taiwan authorities ' economic affairs departments decided to punish taiwan 's chiu chu - hsiung [ lu chuang ] electronic shareholding company ltd. ( named liuhua electronics co - ltd ( short liwei ) , which is one of the two types of advanced technology , which is under the pretext of providing false information to assist in the establishment of a shipping science and technology company on the mainland .
taiwan 's " chung - kuo shih - pao " reported that this was chen shui - bian 's [ chen shuibian ] policy of actively managing cross - strait economic and trade relations , which was established in the cross - strait economic and trade policy . this was the first example of the taiwan authorities ' penalties for taiwan businessmen investing in the mainland .
it is reported that the guinness ministry of taiwan 's economic department has been accused of violating the law of the people across the strait and punching the people on the mainland for investment or technological cooperation in the mainland .
in the future , the panels will also be considered by cao xingcheng , former chairman of the united front power company , and others .
the liuandian electric case began in february 2005 . at that time , the taiwan inspection and control department mobilized hundreds of people to conduct a survey on the residential and office of several high - level personnel of the united front power company , saying that the united microelectronics company was suspected of providing funds and human resources for illegally providing funds and human resources for the mainland .
cao xingcheng , who was the then chairman of the united microelectronics group , said openly that the united microelectronics company did not violate any regulations of the taiwan authorities , and that the united microelectronics and warship technology provided assistance to the company for the sake of the long - term interests of the united microelectronics . if the united microelectronics does not enter the mainland market as soon as possible , it will lose business opportunities .
after that , the taiwan authorities ' financial supervision and management committee , in violation of the regulations on commercial information disclosure , imposed a penalty of 3 million new taiwan dollars from the united telecommunications department .
on 9 january 2006 , the office of the united microelectronics board accepted cao xingcheng 's resignation . after several hours , cao xingcheng was formally charged for suspected illegal investment in the mainland .
the united micron and taiwan 's rough circuit company ( called " suzhou " ) , which claims that taiwan 's chips are the leading high - tech enterprises on the island .
the taiwan authorities have investigated and handled a series of actions against united microelectronics over the past year , which have attracted great attention from various circles on the island .
second year in my heart , macao , china , macao , taiwan , china compete for the world of chinese
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the second largest macao town in my heart , the second largest ever in the world , was the largest ever ever in the world , the second largest ever ever in the world , announced here today
the event was jointly organized by the macao foundation and the hundred flowers literature and art publishing house , the " chinese language and foreign edition " . chen jianqian , vice chairman of the chinese writers association , and other members of the committee were elected chairmen .
in 2004 , the first year of the fifth anniversary of macao 's return to the motherland was the first macao chinese martial arts festival held in my heart . the chinese and foreign literature lovers were active in the event . the organizing committee received more than 8,000 entries . more than 10 winners from both the mainland and abroad were invited to receive awards in the macao special administrative region .
on the 17th , executive member of the macao foundation , wu zhiliang , said at a press conference that last year , the history zone of macao was included in the world 's cultural heritage list . this not only means that macao people have been affirmed by the people of the world in their lifestyle and community management model , but also shows that the chinese nation has become a model of living and a common culture that is friendly to all .
wu said that it was exactly under this excellent cultural atmosphere that the macao foundation and the hundred flowers literary and art publishing house " the foreign edition " decided to cooperate again and hold the second year of macao in my heart , " the macao panwen grand race " , hoping that participants would demonstrate their patriotic sentiments and love for macao and show their elegant and unique humanistic sentiments and sezs of macao , and the sar and the sar as a new image of prosperity .
according to the briefing , the competition was signed on 1 september this year . the " foreign edition of the chinese language " will open a special column to choose and use the entries .
the results of the assessment will be announced in the macao special administrative region in early 2007 .
shandong has successfully implemented a heart transplant operation
jinan , february 17 ( xinhua ) the jinan military region has established a new type of medical care system , which aims to provide a basic medical service for children .
on the 17th , this reporter saw in the intensive care room that the baby was full of faces and the monitoring and inspection indicators were normal and smoothly overcame the danger of the surgical .
according to the doctor who was receiving treatment on that day , this patient from taian rural area in shandong province was sent to hospital by his parents . he was young and purple , breathing difficulties , and was diagnosed and diagnosed by people suffering from anonymous anonymous heart disease .
heart transplant surgery is the most difficult and most complicated surgical in heart surgical operation .
in particular , the heart transplant surgery of baby under one year old is still empty in china .
the jinan military region 's cardiovascular disease research institute organized experts to repeatedly prove that the surgical and post - protection plan was carefully designed and innovated in keeping with the blood stream and conducted animal experiments .
at 08:00 on 28 december 2005 , the surgical began .
the heart of the body comes from a person who has been breathing and stopped for breath because of his pregeniousness .
the surgical must be in line with six blood vessels , sewing 510 injections , each needle is less than 3 millimeters .
the operation was successfully successful in 295 minutes .
the state administration of safety supervision : the most important tasks in checking the occurrence of major coal accidents , such as coal mines ,
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has taken a series of actions to crack down on the smuggling of coal in the past year , according to the ministry of commerce .
the reporter learned from the state administration of production safety on 17 july that in order to effectively curb the occurrence of major coal accidents , such as coal mines , , the coal mine is the most important thing .
this year , the state administration of coal mine safety and the general administration of safety will do a good job in the following three aspects :
naipan continued to fight the battle of wazi .
was will be given a priority in the first step in the first half of this year .
if the high gas mine does not take a first step , then it will be required to order it to stop production immediately according to law .
panshi continued to fight a tough battle of rectifying and closing down .
we should make the 5243 items that have been made public to the public , and add more than 700 coal mines recently reported to various localities that have been reported to have been closed down .
we should make the closure of houses as regular work and continue to close down those coal mines that do not have the safety conditions for their resources .
benz mine safety foundation management is strengthened .
we should immediately correct the problem of scaling up a small number of small coal mines that have been in a state - owned mine management decline and have chaotic management , and establish a standardized safety management system .
in particular , we should pay attention to key state - owned coal mines , and absolutely not allow overpowered coal mines to produce overpowered ones .
this year 's production safety control index requires that the number of deaths of various types of accidents nationwide dropped by 35.5 percent from last year 's figure , of which coal mine dropped by 3.55 percent .
the accident , which killed more than 10 people , has dropped by 55.0 percent , among which coal mine has dropped by 77.0 percent .
these control targets have been assigned to provincial - level people 's governments , and all localities are implementing them at the grass - roots level and at enterprises .
statistics show that in 2005 , the total number of coal mine accidents nationwide was 5986 , down 0.79 percent from the previous year .
however , a major accident involving more than 10 people was raised , with the number of victims increasing by 66.6 percent over the same period last year .
( international ) barroso calls for compromise in kosovo 's future status negotiations
belgrade , february 17 ( xinhua ) the world bank has decided to cut its membership by 2-3 percent in the first half of this year , according to a report by the european commission ( eu ) here today
barroso met with sergio sediu , president of the interim authority of cote d ' ivoire , and other representatives of the serbian ethnic group , on the same day , told the media that the parties concerned in kosovo should take a tolerant attitude and establish a democratic and multi - ethnic integrated kosovo . only then can kosovo , which respects the government 's power and protects the rights and interests of minority nationalities be recognized by the international community .
he also stressed that the european commission will do its best to help kosovo develop .
barroso also expressed his appreciation for the eight proposals put forward by the united nations on the implementation of the eight standards of the kuwait democratic process .
he said that the implementation of these standards is a key factor affecting kosovo 's integration with europe .
he also called on all serbs in kosovo to join the various institutions in order to make their due contributions to the realization of democracy and the integration of various nationalities .
barroso arrived in the capital of kosovo on the same day for a one - day visit .
prior to this , barroso visited croatia and serbia and montenegro , and he will also visit macedonia 's albania and bosnia - herzegovina .
( winter olympic games , stimulant ) news analysis : the distribution of the children 's incident may be uncertain .
dulingling , february 17 ( xinhua ) the " referendum on the referendum on the referendum on the referendum on the referendum on the referendum on the referendum on the referendum on the referendum of the united nations on the referendum on the referendum of the united nations
xinhua news agency , beijing , march 30
although italy has given repeated orders and instructions , the eastern winter games have been found to have stimulated athletes , and they may face a torture of torture , but they have been seen from various circumstances .
the dulingwinter games opened its first stimulant scandal on 16 february , and the oslo faction was found to have used banned drugs cards .
the international olympic committee announced the next day that it had sent leopoves out of the winter olympic games , and she had won two winter second women 's 15 km per woman 's silver medals at this winter olympic games .
the international winter biathnesian alliance made a decision on the issue of the two years of the pawn .
the international olympic committee has always stipulated that athletes have been found using stimulant in the olympic games and will be disqualified from participating in the games .
however , according to italian law , the sporting event and the use of stimulant is a criminal act , and the judiciary has the right to directly arrest and investigate the use of stimulant athletes , and the people who try to test the law are still facing imprison terms ranging from three months to three years .
last december , the international olympic committee and the italian government , after a year of years of years of sleeping , finally reached an agreement , both sides agreed to conduct negotiations on the issue of athletes using the sport stimulant in accordance with the italian law during the winter olympic games .
with the unremitting efforts of the international olympic committee , italy made a four - day concession before the opening of the winter olympic games , pledging that the police would not go to the olympic village to conduct searches for athletes . however , the young athletes who are in the field of medicine will still receive an investigation by the italian procuratorial organs .
it is reported that the italian government overmonitors the dulingwinter olympic association officials , peter kantor , has handed over the pesticide to the dutch procuratorial organ .
however , the international olympic committee and the pisanan himself have not confirmed this .
russian winter 2 team teammate andrev dissidents revealed at noon on the 17 th that the sending of lepta had left the duzhe and returned to china .
he has served as a member of the world anti - doping agency for many years , and chinese sports official shi kangcheng believes that once he is sent to visit china , this matter will eventually be unsettled .
shi said that the international olympic committee and the italian government have made a lot of efforts to fight stimulant in the winter olympic games , and even the italian procuratorial authorities have really intervened in this matter , it is hard to say .
according to the previous practice of italy in using stimulant events , the number of cases that the banned people had received is only a two years ' imprisonment and a period of punishment .
therefore , pele , a senior reporter of the italian antonio samarano , said that the possibility of sending a warlord into a prison is very small , and most of the cases are fine .
pierre also said that although the italian court could try the case , the italian police could not send out leoptova to other countries for execution .
if a leopard refuses to accept the verdict , italy will also take it out .
news from the news conference : the new epidemic spot continues to appear in the world
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the bird flu has spread further on the african continent , according to a xinhua news agency report .
the world health organization confirmed on wednesday that three areas in egypt have found bird flu virus dead .
in europe , france also found the first panorama bird flu virus , europe 's cypriot , a highly vigilant and strengthening epidemic prevention measures .
hassan bush , who 's advisor to the east mediterranean region , told the press in egypt on the 17 th that currently , in qilaisa , central egypt , and three areas in minya , southern egypt , have found bird infected with the 51st bird flu virus . relevant departments of the egyptian government have started slaughtering of suspected bird flu poultry .
experts pointed out that egypt is the most important channel for migration of migratory birds in the middle east and north africa , and it is very likely that migratory birds will carry the bird flu virus .
egypt has announced a ban on imported live birds from abroad and has strengthened quarantine work at border ports .
a car in the cameroon capital yaounde has been found in more than 800 chickens in the past week .
cameroon has decided to suspend all poultry imports from nigeria , which have been hit by the bird flu epidemic , and to suspend all poultry products in the border markets and related products .
the cameroon government has also built a epidemic monitoring network covering the whole country within a short time , and the bashir center and the national veterinary laboratory have also been in an emergency state of emergency treatment , so as to launch a joint operation at any time on the detection of the 5th type of virus .
in europe , denmark and sweden have ruled out the epidemic on the 17 th .
the institute of veterinary studies in sweden issued a test results on the dead swans found this wednesday , indicating that the swans had no bird flu virus in sweden .
the preliminary laboratory results of the danish national veterinary administration also showed that 30 dead swans were not infected with the avian flu virus recently found in danish territory .
however , the agricultural department said denmark should not take it lightly .
romania has been hit by nine bird flu - related diseases since the beginning of this year , who experts said in bucharest on the 17th that almost all areas in the danube delta region have had bird flu , and romania may have to take this situation seriously . romania may have to continue to be threatened by bird flu in the next three or five years .
in bangladesh , asia , the government has taken all necessary measures to prevent avian influenza .
the government 's domestic and livestock service bureau provides books on bird flu prevention to relevant officials and also organized poultry farmers to provide training .
china 's first blood information management system opens in zhejiang
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) china 's first blood information management control center ( bmp ) has been officially established and put into use in the center , according to the zhejiang provincial blood center .
a responsible person of the zhejiang provincial blood center said that this means that any citizen will be killed in a county ( city ) in zhejiang province in the future , and will be able to live a single - man life life in a single - handedly and donated blood .
the responsible person further explained that if the relevant code is imported , the system will show the insolvent insolvency of the insolvent blood , and this will not comply with the condition of the submission .
this will not only protect the health of the devotees themselves but also effectively protect the health and safety of the people who use blood .
in addition , when blood supply is tight , the blood - giving people and their relatives have the right to use blood . so long as you get the valid documents of the inmates , you can immediately display the information of the blood - devotees , which is quite convenient .
according to a report by hangzhou 's " today morning morning post , " the information system has been put into use in 36 blood - supply organs throughout the province . the blood resources of blood resources of all blood - receiving organizations in the province can also be shown in real time , and the data of the whole province can be shared .
to prevent the recurrence of an emergency withdrawal from 11 villages in the philippines
manila , february 18 ( xinhua ) the philippines has been providing aid to the country in the 11 villages in eastern philippines to prevent the recurrence of the landslide incident , a philippine local official said on wednesday .
the southern riyadh province officials said on the same day that these villages and the mountain body had been cut off from the village where the mountain slides occurred on the 17 th .
the residents from 11 villages who have withdrawn will be placed in seven retreat centers .
rice said : the government yesterday ordered the residents to leave , and today dispatched people to check these villages because some people do not want to leave their homes .
the 17 th landslide occurred in the southern city of saint bell , a village on the mountain in the southern province of lilt . from the television screen , soil and rocks have already buried the entire village , and only seen a few roofs .
as the soil is very thick and humidity is very high , people buried below can survive very slim .
currently , 109 people have been found dead and 57 others have been rescued .
it is estimated that the death toll of this accident may reach 1,800 .
( overseas chinese ) residents in southern fujian 's quanzhou , january this year 's export grew 35.2 percent year on year
fuzhou , february 19 ( xinhua ) china 's exports to the united states in january this year continued to maintain a high growth momentum .
according to customs statistics , in january , quanzhou exported 330 million us dollars , the best record in history , up 35.2 percent from the previous year , which was higher than the province 's average growth level .
according to the analysis of quanzhou city 's foreign economic and trade bureau , the reason that quanzhou 's foreign trade could grow rapidly in january was mainly attributed to the fact that the enterprise 's export enthusiasm was running high under the influence of various foreign trade support measures in quanzhou , its economic operation was active , its business confidence was strengthened , and its efficient and unimpeded foreign trade development environment .
