he was admitted to the death investigation bureau for two months .
london , june 6 , 2007 ( afp )
london 's daily times reported that two sets of the diamonds , which were the first of the four countries to be found in the death of the princess diana in 1997 , were sent to the police chief office of the former metropolitan police .
the report pointed out that the case triggered a strong suspicion , and the number of people in the computer may be hid by the former chief police officer of the metropolitan police , mr stevenson .
however , a metropolitan police officer was arrested for using computer software in the computer .
" the sir edward youde is the first british nobel peace prize - winning police officer , and his office is in the taihexin new area .
the report said that the noizona police bureau 's inspector had been working for a few days in the past 10 days and had been investigating two theft cases .
a large - scale operation codenamed " kitchen " , which took place between january 28 and 29 , was taken out by computers and cash , while the second theft occurred last week .
the santora police bureau also said that there was no evidence to show that the two cases of theft and the sidionaries ' work related to the sir edward youde .
" the world is a world - class organization , and it is a common cause of the world , " he said .
the royal autopsy officer , mr brandes , ordered a further investigation of the evidence .
diana princess diana died on august 31 , 1997 in a paris tunnel accident .
the french police have been investigating the case after two years of investigation , and believe that the drug was being knocked out of the car because of the drunk and drug taking .
the two sides agreed to hold a meeting in geneva in late june to discuss the issue of the " peace mission " in geneva .
however , lugouchi , 7th , afp .
the home - made peace process has been suspended , norway said that sri lanka 's traffic war group agreed to hold talks in geneva , switzerland on 22 june to resolve the differences between the parties over the past decades in seeking to end the racial clashes .
norwegian special envoy for peace , somalam , held talks with the tiger of the liberation tiger organization in london , balzer , after meeting with the leader of the tiger liberation organization .
norway embassy here said in a statement that the united states has not yet decided to provide assistance to the government of sri lanka in the conflict , which is the result of the sri lanka government 's close ties with the tiger of the liberation tigers of the liberation army in the capital of sri lanka .
the two - day talks will focus on how to strengthen the role of the united states in the cease - fire agreement that came into force on 23 february 2002 , and the agreement has never been fully observed by both sides .
the norwegian embassy pointed out that the two sides will discuss ways to improve the implementation of the cease - fire agreement , and this is the first time the two sides have conducted face - to - face talks at such a high level in the past three years .
solham said that he would lead norway team to take part in the talks , and that the liberation of the frankfurt tiger will be decided by balzer .
he said : this is the road leading to peace .
the resolution of the ethnic conflict in sri lanka was first face - to - face talks on march 3 , 2003 , and the tanzanian government and people were not happy to see the progress of the negotiations on the resolution of the conflict in thailand .
du lin 's winter olympics starts south - north korea team to join hands to get together
afp , damascus , 10 th .
the 20 th winter olympics opened in dulin today .
south korean women 's speed skating skating athlete li baola and south korean men 's floral skating skating skating athlete han zheng - jen respectively served as the head of the team of the two countries , leading the south korean team to enter the winter sports ground .
this is the first time south korea and north korea have held a olympic games in the winter olympics .
to reflect the latest developments in the past few years , the two sides have made positive progress in improving their unity , and in the year 2004 , the sydney olympics and the athens olympics in athens , south korea and north korea have joined the team to get together .
north korea did not take part in the construction of a nuclear - free zone in salt lake , the united states .
the korean peninsula was divided into two countries in 1948 and became a " free country " for south korea and communist north korea , which were separated from the north of the korean peninsula from 1950-1953 .
the north korean leader , who arrived in beijing in 2000 , held a summit of peace , and the two sides were in good shape .
according to the tradition , the greek team is the first country to be admitted , and the team has won the championship in 80 countries .
the state council general assembly representative team is the last group of people .
the president said he was a well - known person in the united states , and he was very pleased to learn that the chinese people have made great achievements in the development of the performing arts .
new york , april 16 , 2007 ( afp )
the most widely acknowledged " one china " that is the best to win this year 's oscar , the movie monoimperialist , the snowy skins , the main player of the saint - spered , revealed that he was not too lavishly in drug and alcohol when he was a year of low and low consumption . he was lucky to succeed in his own performance .
the new york times , which is the first time in the world , has been a major event in the world .
at that time , he went out to take a look at the movie department of the new york university and entered the " five brands " society , and he was moving up rapidly every day .
he was a man in his 22 - year - old age , and he was alive of the situation of dropping alcohol and drug taking there .
the upcoming " shanghai five " summit , which will soon be held next month , will be a " new chapter " of the american writer , mr. kozynch , who is the role of the united states as the " most influential " writer .
prior to this , he had a good performance .
the 38 - year - old performer said in the interview that if there is no need to be a person who is determined to change his habit before his death , he may not be able to win the nomination of orona .
he said he envies those who have been in the age of 19 and suddenly become a multi - story of gold , and the performers are all very proud of this .
the four bird flu traps in europe , the people of libya , and the panic in the rest of the world are panicking .
brussels , april 16 , 2007 ( afp )
the bird flu virus has been found in europe , causing a panic .
the eu executive committee approved the establishment of a new mechanism for the control of the region , which has brought all the areas of the discovery of the virus to the management , and forbid all the poultry and birds from the delivery of the bio - deals .
the african national assembly ( oau ) , which found a deadly virus , has been in place for eight days , and the epidemic has been growing to more farms . there are indications that the number of people who have already crossed the border in the northern part of nigeria has entered the country .
egyptian officials are investigating a fire in southern egypt , which suddenly occurred in a farm in the southern part of the country , and are worried that the virus may continue to spread .
the european market for meat products has been affected by the virus , and the magnitude of the decline has been reduced by a big margin . the eu executive committee stressed that there is no reason to panic .
the executive committee is responsible for the health and food safety commission , juppe said that the public are concerned about this matter .
following the previous virus discovery areas around three kilometers of the area and 10 kilometers of the warning zone , the eu commission , after which it had already made new regulations , has again made the european union 's territory where the discovery of the virus is all listed as a mixture of the mixer zones .
a man who refused to be named eu official pointed out that every one of them was tight in their life and that they had to go to the end to handle the matter of transmitting the news from various parts of europe one day to the evening , and that the suspected outbreak of the epidemic had already been triggered .
the european region has so far received a total of austria 's state of caracas , german chancellor gerhard schroeder , romanian governor serbia , and ukraine 's leaders in europe .
romania found the 31 st case on 16 november , with the death of the slovenian state of slovenia and the ruili island of germany also found new examples .
the southern part of italy is a small town with two ducks found on the bird flu virus , the first of its kind in the european region , and the michigan has been infected with the virus .
eu officials are now worried that the eu will soon fly back to africa .
the nigerian government is strengthening its work to prevent the recurrence of the virus in the african continent .
the government of the kingdom of nigeria announced that all the poultry farms in the vicinity of the infected farms will be closed to all birds , regardless of whether they are threatened by the virus , are all destroyed .
the neighboring country 's government announced that the country has entered a state of alert and allocated four million us dollars for emergency planning .
the newly established national emergency committee said that they received a report that they had received a total of 300,000 yuan in cash at the border of the songli border between the two countries .
the china electronic banking regulatory commission ( ebb ) will take effect on 1 march .
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to establish a national defense education and management commission ( cbrc ) to provide a " china - africa free market " for the development of the banking industry , said a press release here today
the china banking regulatory commission ( cbrc ) said that according to the regulations of the management measures , the procedures for approval by foreign - funded financial institutions have basically not changed , that is , the foreign bank branches will be allowed to operate on - line banking business , and if they need to increase new types of bank business , they should be reported by the bank 's main report in china .
to standardize the commercial banks ' use of the internet to conduct banking business , the people 's bank of china formulated and promulgated the " regulations on managing internet banking business . "
the china banking regulatory commission ( cbrc ) said that with the continuous development of the business of the commercial bank 's electronic banking industry , the interim procedures cannot meet the requirements of the supervision and control of the risks of the electronic banking industry .
according to a spokesman of the china banking regulatory commission , the cbrc has made a decision on the quality of the safety assessment organization , which is different from the nature of the qualifications of the market access or enterprise access , and is not an assessment of the necessity for the evaluation of the electronic banking business of the assessment institution . it is only a reference for the selection of a financial institution .
as long as the safety assessment institution meets the relevant requirements and requirements , it will be difficult to make a decision even if it is not determined by the quality of the board of directors .
the " electronic banking business management method " has nine chapters and 99 items , which are divided into three parts : application for approval and inclusion of risks in management data and transfers of management of external affairs of the overflight management business . the management of the management of the legal responsibility and supplementary provisions of the securities and futures contract , and so on .
the " electronic banking assessment guidelines " consists of five chapters and 57 articles , which are divided into the general safety appraisal system for the evaluation of the security organs . the " procedures for evaluating security " are divided into five parts .
the " mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , deng xiaoping , " on the investigation and study of chen yun , " published the " report on the study of chen yun " on the issue of the issue .
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the central literature research office , compiled by the cpc central committee literature research center , has been devoted to studying the " selected works of mao zedong , deng xiaoping , and deng xiaoping , " which is recently published by the central party literature publishing house .
we should conduct in - depth investigation and study , persist in combining theory with practice , and draw up and implement the correct line , principles , and policies . this is a major move made by the cpc in leading the revolution to build a socialist harmonious society .
mao zedong 's works in the past , including the " golden virtue " of deng xiaoping , the " qianyun " of the older generation , and the " selected works of deng xiaoping " have made many important and brilliant expositions on the issue of investigation and research . they have often gone deep into the grassroots units to conduct social investigations and have written many reports on the investigation .
they are now studying the practice and results of their investigation and study , and are very important to guiding the party and the people 's cause to develop along the correct path .
the " mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , deng xiaoping , " on the investigation and study of chen yun , " is divided into three parts : first , mao zedong and other older generation revolutionaries have made a speech on the study of the speech , and the second is the book written by the older generation of revolutionaries of the older generation on the investigation and study , and the third part was the works of mao zedong in the early 1960 's and the third part of
these investigations reports are mostly the first public announcement .
in addition , two articles on the previous century , namely the " one country , two systems " principle , " " the " one country , two systems " principle , " " the " one country , two systems " principle , " " " the " one country , two systems " principle , " " " the " one country , two systems " principle , " and " the " one country , two systems " principle .
russia reiterates its adherence to the one - china stand
moscow , february 6 ( xinhua ) russian deputy foreign minister alekseyev said here today that russia is willing to strengthen cooperation with china in the political , economic , and other fields
alekseyev said that russia has noticed that chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence .
the russian government has always upheld the one - china principle , firmly supported china 's efforts to realize the great cause of national reunification .
last year , the chinese national people 's congress passed the " anti - secession law , " and russia took the lead in openly expressing support .
alekseyev said : the russian foreign ministry will issue a statement as soon as possible , reiterate the one - china stand , and oppose the inclusion of taiwan independence .
china , india to hold talks on china - us relations beijing , aug. 16
xinhua news agency , johannesburg , february 6 , china 's fujian province will open its first national assembly in the new century , with the support of the central government , the central government , and the central government
according to the statistics of the association of chinese people in liberia , the incident occurred in the burunan area more than 130 kilometers northwest , and the incident occurred at a local restaurant in the city of verkovic .
the shop owner , mr lam yixing , was arrested inside the station . he was prepared to end the day - long operation .
at this time , three customers were also in the shop , one of them extorted a handgun and hit the station , and the robbery was carried out .
the 40 - year - old lin yixing and the culprits were fighting , and the culprits fled the house to lin yixing . the latter fled .
after hearing the news , the local people who rushed to the scene of the accident , lin yixing , who was in hospital for medical treatment , had a completely densely carved and sealed blood pipe persecution in the body of lin yixing . on the 3:30 hours of 6 february , he died .
on 6 february , the chinese consulate general in jordan , xu defu , a native of jenaobang , and the fellow fellow fellow chairman of the chinese fujian association of south africa , and others drove to the burunan dinn to help the family members of the deceased handle the aftermath of the accident .
mr lam was appointed as the chairman of the board of directors of the security bureau of the hong kong special administrative region ( hksar ) , which was also the third chinese to be killed by the kidnappers in 36 hours .
( newspaper extracts ) shanghai : part - time staff and college graduates become an important component of the hours of work
beijing , february 7 ( xinhua ) the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau issued a monthly report on the sixth day of the year of the 2006 , and the number of posts in the work was 120 , an increase of 11 compared with the previous year , and a clue of the original bureau of labor and social security was added to the bureau 's salary increase .
according to a report by the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau , currently shanghai 's hours of work workers have exceeded 1 million .
according to a zhongguo qingnian bao report , college graduates and concurrently - time staff are the backbone of the working force .
through the study of nearly 8,000 hours of work , the department has over half of the staff members have been part - time workers , and the percentage of them is 51.1 percent .
the workers ' cultural level is generally higher , and the number of workers engaged in relatively strong technical work , such as translator posts , part - time personnel ratio , reached 81.79 percent , and fitness level reached 61.66 percent .
high income is the common goal of many people in the work of hours .
it is understood that the monthly income of individual posts can reach tens of thousands of yuan , and it will be difficult to seek , just as the voice of the people is transmitted , the monthly income of the hours of work can reach more than 2,000 yuan , such as part - time finance department , isd isd , etc.
to meet the needs of individual interests , it is also a part - time job - seeker who is well - known for his job .
for instance , in a certain enterprise , the person in charge of the human resources department will receive a few hours of time each week to handle the case of a foreign business representative office .
mr. gu , who considers that the biggest part of the work is to make his knowledge more updated and more accessible to other people in another area .
as some hours of employment threshold is low , work forms are flexible and free , and they are also being criticized by many graduates who are now seeking employment , the number of hours of work is close to 14,000 .
i felt very sorry at the beginning and did not want to work hours , but i did a few months later , i felt it was more difficult to get a good job than the dprk 's 9 th and the 5 th nights of work .
the university student , after graduating from university , did not work as good as it was . in the last moment , he hung his name in a hotel and used the background of the piano to perform music .
what is the current work of the party , i am very satisfied , and i am 100 yuan per hour , and the environment is good . now i want to do more work for a few hours .
it is understood that the work of hours has become a number of graduates who are currently working in the process of training , and a more urgent job is being done .
the graduates are working in an hour , mainly in knowledge and skills .
the hours of work - related job training are not high , such as food marketing agents , lafayette workers , etc. , the unemployed personnel can receive a simple training , that is , they can be appointed to posts .
the data show that the average employment rate of hours of work workers was the unemployed person , which was 39.9 percent , among which the proportion of unemployed personnel in retail sales reached 68.4 percent , and the proportion of the food and drink in the food and drink categories was 58.7 percent , and the percentage of unemployed personnel in hours became an important channel for employment .
wu bangguo inspects anhui province
beijing , february 8 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to establish a national defense education and training center in beijing this year , said wu bangguo , member of the standing committee of the political bureau of the cpc central committee , at a recent inspection tour of anhui
from 6 to 8 february , wu bangguo went to ma on shan village , wuhu lake , and other places to deeply study the experiences of rural enterprises in the rural areas , the rural science research institute , and the colleges and universities .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui has the advantages of linking the eastern region with the west and connecting the north and is a major economic province in china . it is rich in natural resources , and has a good industrial foundation . it has a strong strength in science and education , and has a unique cultural and tourist resources .
anhui should tightly grasp the opportunity of promoting the rise of central regions , always adhere to the central task of economic construction , closely integrate the actual situation in anhui , conscientiously implement the central principles and policies , and creatively carry out work , and implement the scientific development concept in concrete measures to the actual work .
we should sum up practical experience in a timely manner , fully rely on the masses , vigorously support reform and innovation , and constantly open up new prospects for anhui 's work .
we should actively promote the building of a harmonious society , persist in taking the realization of good practices and good practices in the development of the fundamental interests of the broadest masses of people as the starting point and the end result of all our work , actively create conditions , and gradually solve practical problems for the masses . we should gradually change the dual structure of urban and rural areas and gradually narrow the gap between the urban and rural areas , safeguard and realize fair and just social results , so that the achievements of
wu bangguo stressed : china has reached a stage where it must rely more on its own ability to innovate and improve the quality of its workers to promote economic and social development . only by vigorously promoting scientific and technological progress and innovation can china realize the quintessence of its productive forces and promote the real progress of its economic and social development .
we should establish and perfect as soon as possible a system and mechanism that are conducive to innovation , increase investment in science and technology , encourage patents to invention , develop brand names , speed up the transformation of scientific and technological achievements into real productive forces , strengthen the role of enterprises as the main body in independent innovation , and constantly raise the rate of contribution made by scientific and technological progress to economic growth .
it is necessary to support and encourage the participation of key technological elements in distribution , establish and perfect statistics and indicators that reflect independent innovation capability , study and formulate policies for fiscal taxation , government procurement , and other areas to support independent innovation , and form a mechanism for policy - making that encourages self - reliance and innovation .
we should cultivate and develop innovative awareness throughout society , vigorously advocate the spirit of daring to innovate and be bold in competition , and strive to create a good atmosphere of talent coming forth in large numbers .
wu bangguo pointed out : in the process of administering the country according to law , the npc plays an increasingly important role in the process of building a socialist country ruled by law .
satisfactorily carrying out the work of the people 's congress in the new situation , first , we must adhere to the correct political direction , firmly follow the path of socialist political development with chinese characteristics , regard upholding the party 's leadership over the people as the masters of the country and governing the country according to law .
second , we should closely center our work around the overall situation of the party and the state , closely center our work around the major issues of reform , development , and stability , and carry out our work closely around the hot and difficult problems that are universally concerned by the people and the masses , and constantly enhance the actual results of the work of the npc .
third , it is necessary to give play to the characteristics and advantages of the work of the npc , persist in democratic centralism , and act according to the law in handling issues in accordance with the procedures and collective decisions .
we should persist in following the mass line , with people as the foundation , and with the people 's interests , and with the people 's interests , seek benefits for the people .
china 's proposal for a 15 - year plan for scientific research
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to raise the international competitiveness of china , vigorously promote the sustainable development of the country , and achieve major strides , the " state medium and long - term scientific and technological development program " ( 2006-2020 ) , which was issued by the state council on 9 february , to make four major scientific research plans .
the four major scientific plans are the main components of the research of the persian rens , the research of the nascent research and the development of the reproductive research .
the outline points out that the protein science is currently the most important factor in the fierce contention for life science in developed countries .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on studying the transformation of important bio - system , including the study of the biology of the biofuels , the genetic structure of the bio - bio - bio group , and its mutual physics and material functions , and the bio - studies and bio - biology of the biology and protein research .
the outline also holds that the research of quantitative regulation and control has a clear forward - looking nature , and it is possible that the research will have a significant impact on the development of human society in 2030 .
china will focus on studying the development of the measuring system and the principles and methods of regulation and control , measuring the weight , and limiting the system of small measurement , and measuring the weight of the system , and setting the standards for measuring the measurement of measurement , and the new technological foundation .
in addition , the outline points out that nanometer technology has become a key factor for many countries to enhance their core competitiveness and is also a major factor for china to achieve leapfrog development .
in the next 15 years , china will continue to make efforts to develop the economy of the country , including the sustainable development of nanotechnology materials , the development of nanotechnology , and the development of electronic components .
china 's population growth is large , and there are many deficiencies in birth , and organs of transplant are seriously short of organ transplant , and the aging peak is about to come . therefore , it is urgently necessary to break through the breakthroughs in the theory of reproductive and breeding science and technology innovation .
according to the outline , the 2006 - 2020 china will focus on studying the issue of increasing reproductive stem and regulation , the development of the infant cells , maturity and accuracy , and the decline of human reproductive functions and the retreat of pathogenic diseases , and the integration of the safety and ethics of the cell technology of reproductive and reproductive .
shanghai 's real estate price increase dropped nearly 7 percentage points in 2000
shanghai , february 9 ( xinhua ) the shanghai municipal government will continue to provide a comprehensive and comprehensive management of the real estate industry by 2005 , and will make notable achievements in shanghai .
according to the latest data , the shanghai housing market was expected to reach a new high last year , with the result that the shanghai real estate industry had a relatively significant decline or a sluggish growth rate .
of the total , the prices of residential housing declined by 6.6 percentage points compared with the previous year , while the value of real estate industry decreased by 4.1 % compared with the previous year .
shanghai 's industrial and commercial bank ( gsb ) director pan jianxin said at a press conference a few days ago that the average selling price of shanghai 's commodity residential housing in 2005 was 698 yuan / square meters , an increase of 313 yuan over 2004 .
the annual sales price of residential housing rose 9.9 percent to 92.2 percent , and the increase was 6.6 percentage points lower than the same period last year .
the annual increase in real estate industry was 670.23 billion yuan , an increase of 4.1 percent over the previous year .
in the course of loans from financial institutions , the individual housing mortgage loans totaled 264.494 billion yuan , and the increase was only 9.443 billion yuan in the same year , while the loan of 2004 was up to 47.28 billion yuan .
pan jianxin said : from the year of the shanghai real estate sale price , the commodity housing sales price has been stable , and the price of the commodity housing has been stabilized .
the statistics bulletin also showed that the number of people living in the shanghai real estate market increased by some percent in 2005 , while the average sales price of residential houses was 66.98 yuan / square meters , an increase of 26.8 percent over 2004 .
the year 2005 , the sales price of housing will rise 9.79 percent over the previous year , and the increase rate will drop by 6.2 percentage points compared with the previous year .
he said that last year , the shanghai city completed real estate development investment totaled 1,46.86 billion yuan , an increase of 6.1 percent over the previous year .
the sales area is 3158.87 million square meters , down 9.5 percent .
the sales volume of commercial properties totaled 21.16 billion yuan , down by 4.550 percent from the previous year .
two light planes were flying in new zealand and crashed
xinhua news agency , wellington , february 9 , two new zealand light planes collided with a new zealand plane at about 100 kilometers north of the capital 's huilton , and crashed on the 9th , causing two pilots of the flight academy to death .
according to a relevant local civil aviation department official , the two planes ' planes ' flight pilots were all flying at the marshall university 's flight academy .
at the time of the incident , two planes were in the non - air control zones , and the pilot was flying in such a region , and the plane was flying at the same time .
a man was killed and a man was injured at the scene .
another witnesses also said that the two men were killed before the plane crashed .
the plane 's collision has yet to be made clear , and local civil aviation departments will conduct an investigation on this .
china , india to hold talks on china - argentina ties beijing , aug. 20 ( afp ) chinese overseas have strongly condemned chen shui - bian 's remarks on taiwan independence , saying that " taiwan independence " is a trump card , " saying that " taiwan independence " is a matter of fact .
xinhua news agency , buenos aires , february 8 ( reporter cao yu ) the chinese delegation headed by its overseas chinese and chinese nationals residing in argentina , led by its chairman of the council for promoting peaceful reunification , issued a stern statement on the 8th , strongly condemning chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence in a recent manner , and opposing any attempt to split taiwan from china .
the statement said that chen shui - bian 's visit to the united states in his speech on 29 january claimed that he would abolish the " national unification council " and the " national unification guidelines " was a step taken by taiwan independence elements .
the compatriots on both sides of the strait are longing for peace and the taiwan compatriots ' desire for peace and stability and development will face severe challenges .
the statement pointed out that the firm opposition to and the restraints of the separatist activities of taiwan independence and the maintenance of peace and stability in the taiwan strait region are still the most pressing task of the compatriots on both sides of the strait and the chinese people in the whole world .
the statement stressed that the argentine council for promoting peaceful reunification is willing to work with all political parties and organizations from the two sides of the strait to uphold the one - china principle , and to resolutely oppose any form of taiwan independence , and actively promote china 's peaceful reunification .
chinese expert : us preaching military threat to china is unreasonable accusations
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to build a new system of high - tech arms sales to the us congress , which is expected to be completed in the next few days , according to a report of the pentagon
experts believe that this is a serious challenge to china 's normal national defense construction . they exaggerate the china military threat theory , and they are a provocation to china 's internal affairs .
the " four - point defense appraisal report " is the new national defense guiding document of the pentagon .
this long - term , page 92 report is used in three areas to expound china 's military strength and the united states ' response . the report has a total of 15 direct reports .
the chinese academy of military sciences research fellow yao yunzhu said : although the united states has been in the process of expressing similar views on many occasions , this is the first time the united states has made a report on the strategic defense of national defense , which is the most likely to constitute a military challenge to the united states .
the first report of this incident clearly defines russia 's role as a " new strategic rival " , and it is particularly necessary to make a comprehensive analysis of the so - called " military threat " of china .
the chinese academy of military sciences research fellow , rear admiral peng guangqian , said :
it is noteworthy that in the " four - year defense assessment report , " the same report on the same day , us president bush also made a report to congress on the defense budget for 2007 . one of the items is the defense budget of 439.3 billion us dollars .
if the tumors are added to the fact that the military action taken in iraq and afghanistan is added , the us fiscal year 2007 will be around the corner of 50000 - billion us dollars , creating a new historical high , patten , said , the reason why this is almost the same as other countries in the world in terms of military spending .
peng guangqian said : the united states guess that the threat of other countries ' threat reflects the pentagon 's hegemonist act of creating a false impression , and its true purpose is to strive for more national defense funds and create a huge us arms industry group .
experts said that the united states ' huge military spending is much less than that of the united states , and china 's national defense spending is quite limited .
he has participated in many times in the chinese white paper on national defense , and said : in the 1990s , along with the development of the economy , china 's national defense spending has increased , but the proportion of the national fiscal expenditure in the same period has shown a decline .
official statistics show that in 2004 , the number of people in china 's national defense expenditures accounted for 46.9 percent of the total national financial expenditure in the same period .
china 's national defense spending in 2005 totaled 24.656 billion yuan , an increase of only 4.9 percent over the previous year .
the us territory and the chinese territory are far from being divided . the military spending is very different .
peng guangqian said :
china 's arms control and disarmament association director teng jianqun said that the united states should objectively evaluate china 's military construction situation , and china 's peaceful development does not mean that the two countries will continue to cooperate in the military field .
the " 2004 china national defense " white paper says that china firmly follows the path of peaceful development and practices a defensive national defense policy .
china has never been involved in any future .
so far , china has not established diplomatic relations with any other country , nor has it provided any military base to other countries .
professor li qingnian of the international relations college of beijing university said : china and the united states should , through the established channels , increase communication and exchanges , enhance understanding and trust , and comprehensively promote the development of constructive and cooperative relations between china and the united states in the new century .
china to hold world cup finals in beijing , sept .
xinhua news agency , dushin , february 9 ( reporter ding ying and yen tao ) the 20 th winter games will be held in dushanbe , capital of duzania , at 8 : 00 p.m . local time on 10 february local time .
on 9 november , the zidaido winter games organizing committee disclosed to reporters the details of the opening ceremony .
regarding the opening ceremony , qasem , chairman of the organizing committee , was full of confidence . at the press conference , he said that the opening ceremony had cost tens of millions of euros and assembled the italian top leaders in various fields .
he said : the night of 10 april will make people feel very forgotten , and at that time , 350,000 viewers and the whole world will have a chance to see the spectacular scenes of the spectacular success .
the passive flame was warmly blank with a brilliant five - ring road of peace .
the famous italian design master amani specially made a speech for the opening ceremony of the garment , a famous italian fashion brand , morgan , and noisy , to guide the athletes to attend the ceremony .
however , the famous italian man pavaro parovitti will speak at the opening ceremony .
eight people who can spray the flame , the snow sensors will use three meters to drive the flame . this shows that the burning poured passion will be carried out at 70 km per hour .
officials of the organizing committee held that this was the first time they had won the prize in the opening ceremony .
and on how to ignite the main torch , the organizing committee did not reveal it ahead of schedule , but as far as 57 meters of the main torch relay station will light the earth and the nearby alps .
( international ) white house announces bush 's plan to visit pakistan and india in march
washington , february 9 ( xinhua ) the united states has decided to raise the us national defense budget to a new level in the next few years , a spokesman for the white house said at a press conference on the 9 th
mcclellan said that bush is looking forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he also said that he is now making a preparations for this visit .
mcclellan made the above remarks at a meeting in some areas in pakistan to protest against the mastery of islamic preaching mohammed mohammad .
in january this year , bush met with pakistani prime minister aziz at the white house , and both sides expressed the wish to strengthen friendly cooperation to jointly crack down on terrorism that endanger the security of the two countries .
bush also said that he will pay a visit to pakistan and india at the invitation of the pakistani and indian governments , and he will visit pakistan and india in march .
china , hamas to hold cabinet meeting
xinhua news agency , raman , february 9 ,
xinhua news agency , beijing , june 27 , by reporter hao wang
the palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) won the election of the legislative council , how to draw up a new government blueprint , which has become a major issue of international concern at present .
hamas will pursue what new policy to be implemented directly affects the peace process in the next step .
at the same time , the united states and israel have also made a more important change in their attitude of resisting the attacks .
at present , all parties in palestine are stepping up consultations to hold consultations on the issue of forming a cabinet that involves the difficulties and sensitive points of future developments .
the chinese premier 's post has a lot of money to go to the home
hamas won the cabinet , and outside people are worried that hamas prime minister muentefering may be connected with the current supreme leader .
moreover , the chinese side , who is on a visit to egypt , has stressed that the hamas - led new government will not change its stance on the issue of israel .
the united states and israel explicitly expressed that they would not accept a hamas government that holds the power , and threatened to break the economic aid and pressure on the palestinian side by force .
however , this does not hamper hamas from making a flexible strategic adjustment . it will not be possible to select an independent person to be a discreet policy .
it is reported that in order to obtain the international recognition to the maximum , the group of hamas members and the public in egypt recently decided to select an independent candidate , mushara , chairman of the board of directors of the islamic university , as the new prime minister .
this move has not been endorsed by the relevant parties .
palestinian analysts said that the united states has not taken any action to change its policy of " one country , two systems " , regardless of the size of the prime minister 's post .
the chinese government has always attached importance to the issue of how to distribute power
in the internal aspect , the hamas cabinet is facing the greatest challenge , that is , it lacks sufficient experience in governance .
the palestinian " sunshine " carried an article , saying that hamas has made a lot of efforts to win over the people through social welfare projects , but it lacks experience in governing and has a very close relationship with the palestinian national liberation movement ( fatah ) , which has the ruling experience .
hamas will not be able to get involved in the conflict with fatah after the election , and will jointly establish a coalition government , but fatah has not given any positive support to it .
fatah is now in the middle of the middle east , and is not in favor of taking part in the new government , so as to do something and the other party refuses hamas to accept the invitation , and is willing to make a positive opposition party in the legislative council .
the source said that the united states has not made any decision to withdraw its troops from iraq , and has been trying to use force against iraq .
even so , hamas and fatah have also established a mechanism for the cabinet posts to be assigned to the government .
in addition , another way is to establish the framework of the legislative council , which is divorced from the party 's subordinate cabinet .
it is reported that hamas has also designed a " clean - up " government , but it is not easy to know the specific name list .
in view of the attitude of the united states and israel , the technical expert - type government is not out of the question of forming a cabinet for lightening external pressure .
according to the basic law of palestine , on 16 april , the new legislative council will hold a meeting to nominate the prime minister and form a cabinet after the new legislative council assumes office .
the chinese armed forces are bound to follow the path of development .
the weapons in hamas are the main weapons to be set up by the new government .
the united states and israel are very tough and resolutely demand that hamas give up violence and refuse to use its guns to take power .
hamas leader mahathir stressed on 9 april that armed resistance is the only strategy of the organization .
armed problems are in fact included in the legality of weapons and the ownership of the armed forces .
hamas has been a country that has been established through democracy and freedom .
hamas once proposed to include all factions in the palestinian authority .
palestine now has 60,000 security organizations and over 2,000 people from france , fatah , and israel .
moreover , fatah also has some organization relations that are soundly and soundly subordinate . for instance , the abu saya martyrs brigade , the organization department of fatah , and other members .
the chief executive of the cabinet must hold talks with abbas on how to manage these armed forces , which are in charge of the government , and rationally distribute security management rights .
according to local media , abbas intends to be in charge of security and intelligence units , police , and civil defense departments , while the interior ministry of the new government is under the control of the ministry of interior .
however , the parties are still holding consultations on this sensitive issue , and so far no words have been made .
china 's first time , the report on extreme inspection
beijing , february 10 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a national maritime administration ( npa ) to provide the china 's polar investigation report in 2005 , which is the first time china has made an extremely scientific inspection tour of the country in the past 20 years
the " report " comprehensively reflects the chinese government 's extremely scientific assessment activities in 2005 , and it shows that the entire process of the work of the logistics support department is progressing and the results are achieved .
according to the " report , " on 9 january 2005 , the " falungong " cult organization was established in beijing time . the chinese antarctic expedition of the inland icectonic cover was successfully conducted on the top of the antarctic 's inland , the highest iceal area , and it was carried out at 3:15 on 18 january .
the increasingly fierce competition has become a major topic of discussion on the international arena . chinese people have strong determination and strong determination to defend the country 's sovereignty and territorial integrity .
the director of the state oceanography bureau , mr sun zhifeng , said :
the " report " shows that in march 24 , 2005 , the 21 st meeting of the china antarctic expedition team successfully returned to shanghai . the inspection tour lasted 151 days and was completed on the flight route 26,500 nautical miles .
in the same year , on 18 november of the same year , the 22 nd antarctic expedition team left shanghai and went to the nanshan station to conduct scientific research activities and will hold a scientific examination at the end of february 2006 .
because it was the first time china issued an extreme investigation report , the " 2005 china extreme - earth inspection report " also pointed out the orientation of the development of the " three major powers " that began in the 1980 's and the beginning of the 1980 's .
according to the " report , " in 1983 , china formally joined the " antarctic treaty " and became a member of the antarctic treaty organization and became a member of the national security council through consultation with the antarctic treaty .
in 1997 , china became the first member of the arctic science committee , and won the respect of the international extreme - regional affairs and decision - making power .
the " report " points out that over the past 20 - odd years , china has been extremely absurd in its extremely absurd manner , constantly developing , and has initially formed a three - storey sailing station , a sailing southern polywide scientific inspection system , that is , the " nanfang pole bridge " established in february 1985 was established in february 1989 .
the " report " statistics show that by the end of 2005 , china had organized 22 southern antarctic scientific research projects , two of which were snowstorms , and one of them was the sailing platform for the northern pole .
at present , we are working hard to build the third antarctic expedition station , and are also china 's first inland inland investigation station in the antarctic .
sun zhihui said :
after more than 20 years of hard work , china 's extreme observation has made great achievements in the world .
he said .
sun zhifeng said that china will publish a book titled " the most important issues in the world " every year .
china , india to hold talks on bilateral ties beijing , aug. 16
xinhua news agency , havana , february 10 ( reporter : zhou ) the cuban state council chairman castro met with visiting chinese vice premier qian qichen , who is on a visit to cuba on 10 february , and both sides expressed their wish to constantly strengthen cooperation in education , science , and technology and other fields .
president castro warmly welcomed president chen to visit cuba .
he said : cuba - china relations are very friendly and there are frequent high - level visits , which have vigorously promoted and strengthened the friendship and mutual understanding between the two sides . he expressed the hope that the two countries will continually deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in all fields , including education and science and technology .
chen zhili said : cuba is the first country in latin america and the caribbean region .
china and cuba have enjoyed friendly exchanges and a long history .
cuba is the first country to establish diplomatic relations with new china .
in the new century , under the guidance of the leaders of the two countries , the two countries have increasingly deepened their political mutual trust , and the fields of cooperation have been expanding , and their mutual support and cooperation in international affairs have entered a new stage of comprehensive development .
she believed that with the joint efforts of both sides , the friendly cooperation between china and cuba will certainly be more fruitful .
chen zhili also pointed out : the chinese government has always attached importance to the friendly exchanges and cooperation with cuba in the field of education .
in recent years , the two countries have been increasing educational exchanges , and the two sides have maintained frequent personnel contacts .
china actively supports the ancient forum on international cooperation , and has sent a delegation to attend previous world conferences on higher education and the world conference on eliminating illiteracy in 2005 .
cuba 's basic education level is very high , and it is hoped that the exchanges of relevant experience will be further strengthened in the future .
chen zhili said : china and cuba have a long history of cooperation in science and technology research and development , and can promote the development of the two countries ' relations of mutual benefit through cooperation in various fields .
the chinese side has helped some scientific research equipment in cuba , and hopes to make a positive contribution to cuba 's scientific research and production .
she also briefed castro on china 's strategy of rejuvenating the country through science and education and the national science and technology conference .
chen zhili arrived in beijing on the morning of 18 february local time for a visit to cuba at the invitation of the cuban government .
during this period , chen zhili met with leaders of the higher education department of cuba , including minister of education vaile , and inspected the university 's science university of qatar , the university of science , technology , and technology .
the beijing - kazakhstan highway has been leaked out of some sections of the leakage of oil leakage
harbin , february 11 ( xinhua ) the harbin city of harbin , a city of northeast china 's jiangsu province , has been closed to traffic at 2300 hours on february 10 , said a report by the state council
according to the information provided by the traffic police detachment of the two cities city public security bureau , the beijing - kazakhstan highway 58 kilometers has been collided with one of the vehicles , and a vehicle of a vehicle that collided with one vehicle and a tanker truck crashed together . the oil tank body has leaked up a cracks , and the waste of the oil inside was loaded onto the road .
it is understood that the fuel tank is equipped with a tape of coke oil behind the fuel .
the self - immolation incident , which was very dense and was also feared that the vehicles had been flying fire , had already removed the road of the accident site .
harbin is to the double city direction and some roads are closed , and many vehicles are bypassing .
at present , relevant departments are screening the scene , and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
hk 's top legislator meets with mainland visitors
hong kong , february 11 ( xinhua ) the association of southeast asian nations ( asean ) announced on the 11 th that the extended date of implementation of the three - star business company 's listing plan was 3 : italy 's listed companies .
and huang ju , general manager of the huang group , said that although the three italian provinces have received all the relevant regulatory bodies ' approval , the government has not yet decided to provide the securities market in the coming few weeks because of the application procedures .
at the same time , the european telecommunications market is sluggish , and the market may not be able to provide three italian shares at this moment .
in view of the fact that the shareholders have the greatest interest in the listing , the decision is to postpone the listing .
as for the time when to remit shares , fok jianning said that the future direction of the european telecommunications market will be determined by the future .
he said : from now to the end of the prospectus , the three italian companies need to conduct extensive investors education and to conduct a global bond market .
according to media reports , the italian government has made a decision to release the investment bank of goldman sachs , one of the global coordinating firms , with a total of 4.2 billion euros , and by private distributors , the bank has held 107.3 % of the shares of italian equities , and it is expected that the transaction will be completed by the end of march this year .
china , india to hold talks on bilateral trade
xinhua news agency , yangon , february 12 ( reporter zhang yunfei ) chinese ambassador to myanmar tuyushu and economic and trade counselor tang haibin held talks with myanmar prime minister maung aye on the eve of his visit to china on the eve of premier wen 's visit to china .
the director said that in recent years , the friendly relations of cooperation between the two countries , which are based on the five principles of peaceful coexistence , have been consolidated and developed , and the exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been expanding and deepening , and the economic and trade relations between the two countries have been expanding and strengthening .
tang haiti said : the two countries have maintained high - level exchanges of visits , which have effectively promoted the development of bilateral economic and trade cooperation .
in 2004 , the two countries exchanged high - level visits , and the two sides signed 33 documents on economic and trade cooperation , and most of them are in progress and implementation .
he said : in 2004 , the figure was $ 1.444 billion , and in 2005 , it reached $ 12.09 billion , of which china 's exports were $ 9.35 - billion , and imports were 2.747 - billion .
last year , the two sides reached a consensus on the trade between china and myanmar ( including border trade ) , with a total trade volume of 6.30 billion us dollars , increasing by 14.6 percent over the previous year .
tang said that myanmar has become china 's largest trade partner in the project .
chinese enterprises have launched projects in myanmar to promote the development of china 's various sets of electrical and mechanical products , and myanmar has become china 's complete sets of equipment and electrical products export .
according to chinese customs statistics , in the past five years , the export of mechanical and electrical products has accounted for more than 45.5 percent of china 's total export volume to myanmar .
tang jiaxuan also said : myanmar has abundant resources , and china has started to invest in myanmar 's oil and natural gas fields , including nickel ore development projects , and the sino - myanmar economic and trade cooperation has great potential .
he expressed the hope that chinese enterprises will have a long - term vision , learn to avoid risks , and make a prudent policy decision , and establish a good enterprise image , so that they can ensure quality and quantity of the projects can be ensured , so as to win glory for the country .
the director of the civil service , mr tang haohai , said that prime minister wen will soon pay an official visit to china , which is the first visit to china this year , and is of great significance to enhancing mutual political trust , promoting bilateral cooperation , and promoting the further development of the good - neighborly and friendly relations between china and myanmar .
it is expected that the two sides will sign several agreements on economic and trade cooperation during the visit .
world bank to reduce poverty
moscow , february 11 ( xinhua ) world bank president wolfowitz said in moscow on the 11 th that the world bank would completely abolish the most poor countries before the middle of this year .
wolfowitz held talks with chinese leaders and representatives of the g - 8 finance ministers who came to moscow on the same day .
he made a statement after the meeting , saying that the world bank will hold a meeting of the world bank to implement the debt reduction and exemption program before july 1 this year .
last year , the world bank donor countries completely exempted 28 countries from the aid of their debts and said they would provide the relevant trust funds with a bid to fill the funds .
the imf 's creditor 's rights are relatively small . the organization has increased from $ 1 billion to $ 2 billion in 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz 's dismissal of russia from 16 african countries is also a very important step in the resolution .
the high - qing digital television has become the mainstream in the united states .
new york , february 12 ( xinhua ) the united states has been able to maintain its position as the world 's leading digital television sets ( formerly known as " the most important factor " ) , and the united states has been trying to expand its share of the world 's most important tv network , according to a new york television station .
the just - concluded us superbow , the us - style olive rugby , has become a major player in the us broadcasting industry to meet the high - ranking tv times .
according to the recent " financial times " report , the us congress recently passed a bill , which stipulates that the us broadcasting industry must conduct a large - scale survey on 17 february 2009 on the current simulated tv signals , and only broadcast digital signals .
this means that the us tv program is fully digitized and has a clear timetable .
the high resolution rate of digital television is on the one hand , on the other hand , consumers need to buy tv sets , while on the other hand , they need to provide high - qing digital programs by means of production .
although the number of digital tv programs has been repeatedly mentioned in the past few years , they have never become reality .
this issue has taken a turn for the better this year .
according to the statistics of the us consumer electronics association , the number of digital tv sets will be sold in the united states for the first time this year , while the number of digital tv sets is 85.5 percent , which is high - resolution products .
japanese researchers have developed new highly efficient human kidney - made kidney
tokyo , february 13 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to raise the level of the research and development of a bio - humans , which is not only in the same position as the kidney kidney of the mankind , but also has the right to retain the basic human body , and it also has the ability to make use of the body , and as research is carried out in depth , it is expected to bring the voice of the kidney patient to the heart .
according to the " japan - based industry news " report , the newly developed bio - humans kidney mainly consists of two parts , some of them are transplanted from blood , and the water substances , which are caused by kidney , which are part of the stem cells , which are divided into three parts of the former lieutenant general mill , including the reactor of blood , and the nullier of the body .
the kidney creates a new type of family .
this type of skin cell can cause multiple blood transfusion and the spread of genome , which can cause blood to be exposed .
the past practice of kidney ernets , which relied on the pressure of the sediments , cannot be treated entirely by the public . moreover , it does not have the ability to make the acid of the acid and other components return to the blood .
researchers took the mountain goat to conduct bio - humans transplant experiments , human kidney - pathological survey , and the use of pig - shaped cells in the cannum .
two weeks later , researchers confirmed that the kidney had been brought into play .
they are now developing and using the human kidney cell 's bio - cream , and will be able to identify the safety of the clinical research after verification .
china 's power safety is still facing a grim challenge
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the china national tourism administration ( sasac ) , which is the first power industry to be established in 2005 , has maintained steady growth , said a responsible person of the state power supervision and control commission here today
the state power regulatory commission vice chairman shi yubo said at the national conference on power safety and production held here that the state power regulatory commission has decided to implement the reform plan for power production by 2005 , and to complete the work of the power - generating work in the summer .
however , he pointed out that as power supply and demand change and the large number of new power generating units are put into operation one after another , power production safety will face new challenges .
these challenges include : the regional cyberport , the duration of the vacancy of power , the power supply and demand situation in some areas still remain tight , and the price of electricity is still not yet formed , resulting in the continued shortage of power supply in power supply , and the coal supply is also the problem of the lack of effective control of coal quality .
shi yubo said : with the deepening of the reform of the power system , many deep - seated contradictions will be constantly exposed , and how to maintain the stability of the workers ' contingent and ensure normal production order will become a new problem facing us .
in view of the fact that power production safety work in 2006 has been in place , shi yubo said : it is necessary to further consolidate the basic work of power safety production and management , speed up the establishment and improvement of the mechanism of emergency management of power safety , enhance the ability to deal with emergencies , strengthen coordination and cooperation between power plants and power networks , and continue to do a good job in supervising the safety of the major power stations and building the information industry .
it is understood that in connection with the new situation in power safety management , the power control commission will make a decision this year on the interim regulations on the investigation of the power production accident , and at the same time , the relevant power station safety and power distribution systems will be further improved .
china 's total social consumption in 2005 will reach 24.689 billion kilowatt hours , up 13.447 percent over the same period last year .
in the face of the situation of power supply and demand still being tight , the problem of coal , electricity , and transportation is conspicuous , and all power enterprises should take effective measures to strengthen equipment management . last year , the power industry throughout the country did not have major accidents in power production .
the number of accidents involving power grids was 74 times , 127 , 427 in the same period last year , and 132 in the same period last year .
the south african government in china said that there is no need for a variety of organizations to deal with chinese citizens ' criminal activities .
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to establish a new south african embassy in china , a senior official said here today
he also said that the south african government will do its best to crack down on all forms of criminal activities .
the chinese government and people are willing to work together with the chinese side to promote the development of the relations between the two countries , he said
since 2006 , the number of people who have been chinese citizens has been in south africa , and the number of chinese people in the world has been widely concerned about this .
the chinese foreign ministry has made solemn representations to the south african side and reminding chinese citizens in south africa to further enhance their awareness of safety and prevention , and strengthening unity among the overseas chinese compatriots and cooperating with the police in cracking down on crimes .
the reason why we were so furious to the family of the victims was that the victims were most sympathized with and mourned , and the victims were the victims of the perpetrators .
the chinese government has always attached importance to the development of the relations between the two countries , and is willing to work with the chinese side to further promote the development of the relations between the two countries , he said .
according to a briefing given by the chinese embassy in south africa , the police of south africa have successfully cracked a case of chinese women 's case in fujian , chen jianqing , who was killed in south africa on 5 february . a suspect has been arrested .
police are hunting for another man who is suspected of being involved .
according to the south african embassy in china , the man arrested for killing hong kong businessmen in january this year has been arrested by south african police , and the victim 's property has been recovered .
on the incident of the chinese citizens ' assassination , the chairman of the central military commission , said that these incidents were indeed very serious to the relations between the two countries .
according to the tourism commissioner of the south african embassy , the embassy only held a meeting in the first 15 days of this year to offer a visa to more than 2,000 chinese people .
according to chinese official statistics , the south african people 's income will be maintained in 2005 , the largest in africa .
bilateral trade volume reached 72.7 billion us dollars , up 23.2 percent over the same period last year .
however , the travel industry figures believe that the number of accidents in 2004 for chinese citizens was very serious to the chinese traveling to south africa .
according to statistics from the south african tourism bureau , the number of chinese tourists going to south africa in the first half of 2005 was 2031 , down 14.9 percent over the same period last year .
at present , the chinese people in south africa have about 200,000 people , and are spread to rural areas in south africa .
analysts here believe that the rich and poor gap between south africa and south africa is widening , the unemployment rate is high , and the number of guns is too high , and the crime rate is still high .
because many chinese people do not understand english , they have a cash relationship with their families , and they are more likely to become targets of criminal elements ' financial attacks .
hk 's top legislator to promote english learning
hong kong , february 13 ( xinhua ) the hong kong special administrative region government launched a campaign to educate and help the local people in the area of english , which is a campaign to promote the awareness of english among the working population .
this is a very good english language , a rich and prosperous life as the main theme , including the development of a wide range of publicity activities , promoting the learning and training of english , and allowing employers to better understand the importance of helping employees to upgrade their english standard .
so far , the scheme has provided nearly 25,000 people with a full range of workplace english training courses to enable them to reach the required standard of the workplace english benchmarks in the relevant categories .
the hong kong workplace english campaign is one of the measures adopted by the hksar government in 2000 .
the workplace english campaign is an important project for the provision of workplace english training funding scheme .
the scheme aims to help the public to use english in their work , to provide a better job in the training and participation of the designated international business english examinations , and to achieve the required standard of employment for their relevant work categories .
the hebei aids testing system is a free and secret system for public security
xinhua news agency , shijiazhuang , february 14 ( reporter dong zhiyong ) the hebei provincial health department recently formulated and issued the " hebei provincial government regulations on the implementation of voluntary consultation and testing work " ( trial implementation ) , which clearly specifies the measures for implementing the system of free , voluntary , and confidential access for aids testing and testing . it is hoped that the number of people and patients can be further implemented in preventing and interfering with the four measures for preventing and aiding the
the " proposal " clearly defines the objective of the work of voluntary consultation and testing for aids in hebei : the system of aids resistance and consultation is free , and the system of aids resistance and consultation is voluntary and voluntary , and the system of aids prevention testing and consultation and consultation is not applicable to the relevant conduct of the consulting , and the aids virus infants and aids patients are protected by the legitimate rights and interests of the aids virus .
the " proposal " requires that aids consultation and testing stations be set up at convenient locations for consultation personnel to provide information for the protection of the consulting personnel , and that they should have their own rooms , and that they can provide one - sided consultation .
the information provided by the advisers should take into account the personal quality , the sense of responsibility , the knowledge , and the ability to exchange .
to protect the author 's privacy , the inspection and test software can be used for registration .
the " proposal " also requires that the public health administrative departments at and above the county level make public the information on the prevention of aids in their own localities .
the ministry of public security has also made arrangements for the extortion of inspectors by torture to be a key work for the inspection .
beijing , february 14 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to raise the level of the work of the police force to a new level
the work of inspectors is also focused on preventing these problems from happening .
he also pointed out that some international organizations are very concerned about the law enforcement situation of the chinese police , and they are not totally correct .
the ministry of public security issued the latest information on 14 april , which showed that the ministry of public security successively issued the " interim procedures on the implementation of the discretionary measures for public security organs " to apply continuing interrogations by public security organs , thus better ensuring the smooth implementation of the system of placing interrogations by grassroots public security organs according to law .
since 1997 , the central authorities have made great efforts to thoroughly implement the three measures of control ( namely , the method of dealing with criminal cases by extorting guns and using police guns , and the police inspectors of public security organs throughout the country have persisted in going deep into the police force of the police force of the police substation , the police , the police , and the public security organs ' supervision and control center for the enforcement of law enforcement of law - enforcement duties . they have conducted
to solve the problem of law enforcement at the source , police inspectors have extended their enforcement inspection duties to the police , and stepped up enforcement of the applicable paging measures .
hk 's top legislator to visit hong kong , macao , taiwan
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the former president of the association for exchanges across the taiwan strait ( arats ) , who was once honorary chairman of the taiwan strait exchange foundation , was also elected as the chairman of the board of directors of the taiwan strait exchange foundation ( sef ) , because of the failure of the sars clashes and the blood shock of the disease , he died in taipei early on the morning of 15 february .
sun yun - hsuan was born on 11 november 1913 , and the native of penglai , a native of the harbin industrial university , graduated from the electrical engineering department .
it was the first time the kmt members from the 10 th to the 13 th central committee and the 12 th cpc central committee members held a meeting to discuss the " three represents " and to discuss the " three represents " as well as the " three represents " principle .
he was appointed as the minister of communications of taiwan , and a governor of the bank of china , a responsible person of the government department .
heilongjiang to promote the construction of the songhua river 's ecological environment and to evaluate and deal with the situation of the ecological environment and the impact of the ecological environment of the songhua river and the impact of the ecological environment
harbin , february 16 ( xinhua ) the harbin city government has made great efforts to do a good job in the songhua river 's sealing of the water period and the ice layer 's melting down the river , and to carry out the work of preventing and controlling pollution , heilongjiang will actively promote the implementation of the project of evaluating the songhua river 's water pollution ecological environment and the project of dealing with the problem of the water pollution .
this reporter has learned from the heilongjiang environmental protection bureau that the state environmental protection administration has organized the leading group of the songhua river 's major pollution - pollution incident , and the ecological environment assessment and countermeasures for the environment , which are divided into 15 special topics , including an emergency environment assessment and a counterweight ecology assessment and a health control project for the control of the pollution control project and a comprehensive control of the layer of the layer of the three phases .
at present , there are 10 scientific research institutes in heilongjiang province , with a total of 60 people taking up 14 technical research tasks .
it is reported that environmental protection departments and relevant scientific research institutions will conduct research on five special topics , namely , the contingency environment assessment and countermeasures for the incident , and strive to solve the urgent environmental problems that the masses are most concerned about .
these include the following : the main control of the concentration of pollutants and the total outflow forecast of pollution caused by the songhua river water product safety impact assessment , the impact of the songhua river 's scattered water gathering and underground water supply safety impact on the safety of water supply and water supply , and the study of the plan for emergency repairing the songhua river and the songhua river 's ice and melting of the pollutants .
heilongjiang 's environmental protection department will also intensify the construction of the songhua river along the coast , and will strictly investigate and deal with illegal pollution and illegal construction that cause serious pollution .
heilongjiang will dispatch environmental law enforcement personnel to guide the localities in carrying out the comprehensive environmental improvement work in small river basins , improving the system of town and township government officials in the town of jiazhuang , and other areas .
beijing university opens casino memorial hall to wang xuan - elected academician
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to build a new type of new home ownership system , which is built on the 100 th anniversary of the establishment of the beijing university
at 0800 , the audience opened a new door and the opening hours of the hall was still unknown . dozens of people were waiting outside the gate .
the reporter saw the reporters at the hall on the occasion of the 100 th anniversary of the beijing university that the wall of the hall was hanging a black horizontal streak , and the grief was sad to mourn wang xue 's cartoon .
the front side of the horizontal site is a huge picture of wang xue , who is wearing a glasses , a glass , a smile , and a confucian .
the two sides of the remains were placed on the side of the tree of the dragon , and dozens of flowers were divided into two sides .
one of the windows of the wreath said : the " falungong " that qin sheng was born in tang glory was the foundation of the chinese people 's liberation army [ pla ] .
the hall gave a grief to the audience , and the atmosphere was heavy .
the crowd who wore the memorial pandas were leaders of the beijing university and teachers and students of the academics selected by wang xue , the neighbors of the students , and many other people who are not in touch with him also specially came to the scene .
some of them applauded flowers with flowers , some boarded a flower basket , and each person was wearing a small flower , slowly snapped in the hands of wang xuan - chose academician , bowed their hands to the letter .
many people cannot help but say that they are crying .
he was appointed director of the state heritage bureau , and was a director of the beijing university .
the academician of qianxian county has a history of being a person with a sense of urgency and responsibility for the country and society .
the beijing university law school , professor jin ruilin , had a close relationship with wang xishan , a old friend of the old friend .
a few days ago , he was discharged and he insisted today that he would come to do something with old friends .
mr. jin said in his book that the chinese government has not been able to check his grief and regret , and has repeatedly taken the paper to take the exact pictures of the people .
he told the reporter that professor wang xuan 's life is very frugal , and tong 's son 's wife was a little bit more than a year ago .
he was later moved to the zoo and was born in the 780 square meters of the square .
beijing university gave him a green card for the academician 's building at the blue camp , and a big house of more than 140 square meters . he did not want to , and the high - level housing provided by the building was provided by the building . he also did not want to be covered by the " falungong " cult .
mr. jin said with deep feeling that wang xisheng was very happy to meet with the foreign visitors during his visit to the country .
the first time he insisted that he would not apply for an academician , and that he was mobilized by mr. zhou peiyuan after many times .
mr jeffrey selby said in a profound manner that he had a positive attitude toward the training of young people . he stressed on many occasions that he would like to see what he has achieved and not to see me himself , but to cultivate young people .
mr. jin said : in the 50 years old , wang chin began to pay attention to cultivating young people . he has always stressed that it is necessary to build roads and to be willing to serve as a staircase and give way to young people .
this is a very important achievement .
this reporter has learned from the beijing university information center that the " three - way " train service was operating from 09:00 hours on 15 february to 12:00 hours on 19 february . wang xishan 's caves were open to the public every morning . people of all walks of life were mourning .
the chinese people 's volunteers , who are known as the " master of the contemporary era , " a chinese academy of engineering academician of the chinese academy of sciences , a third - world academy of engineering , wang xuan , a professor at the chinese academy of sciences , was invalid because of illness . at 1100 on 13 february , they were admitted to beijing and hospital and were expelled from medical treatment .
chinese , french presidents hold talks on bilateral ties
wu bangguo attended the signing ceremony and gave a signing ceremony .
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a national people 's congress ( npc ) standing committee on the afternoon of 15 february to hold a meeting with the chilean parliament on the establishment of political dialogue relations between the npc and the chilean parliament
the chinese npc and the chilean parliament exchange mechanism have been formally established .
it is reported that the chilean parliament speaker romanian senate president romulo and house of representatives speaker arseno have met with president jiang zemin in santiago , the capital of chile .
according to the agreement , the two sides will , in accordance with the principles set in the communique on the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and chile , establish the political dialogue between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament , set up a dialogue committee , and hold regular meetings between the two countries to jointly promote the comprehensive development of bilateral relations .
chilean ambassador to china kariyla attended the signing ceremony .
china to introduce new measures to protect the rights of information network dissemination
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to establish a national security and management system in the country , according to a report by the state council
wang zaiqiang said : according to the existing law , the newspapers and periodicals have published works that can be done without being used by the author .
however , according to the existing law , the newspaper shall enjoy such a legal license , and the newspaper shall have no right to enjoy such a legal license .
according to the relevant judgments made by the supreme people 's court , newspapers and periodicals can apply to internet users in the form of legal permission , that is , the short articles on the internet , and the author does not make a statement on the use of michel , and the internet can not be used without approval . at the same time , it should pay for the payment .
however , as the judicial interpretation has not provided any stipulation on the remuneration level , it is not necessary to use the internet in reality .
the government has already made a decision to use these short - sighted works that have already been issued on the internet , and it is also necessary to establish a legal system at the legal level .
wang zaiqiang said : is it possible to include it in the scope of legal confirmation , and will be able to spread the right to protect information network after the promulgation of this year 's regulations on protection of information network dissemination rights ?
( international ) russian military says georgia 's parliament resolution will not affect russian peacekeeping operations
moscow , february 15 ( xinhua ) the russian federation of trade unions ( oecd ) has decided to establish a new military alliance with russia , according to a press release from the russian ministry of national defense ( mnd )
the russian state duma ( lower house of parliament ) chairman kono , on the same day , made a statement on the georgian parliament 's resolution on the russian peacekeeping force , saying that the georgian side 's resolution would undermine the stability of the region and would also be a unfavorable factor in russia - georgia relations .
he stressed that the resolution of the georgian parliament has made the relations between russia and georgia move toward a deterioration direction .
he said that the georgian side 's accusation against russia is absurd .
georgia 's parliament passed a resolution on that day , demanding that russia 's peacekeeping troops stop their operations in the southern setis , but it has not decided on the specific deadline for the withdrawal of russian peacekeeping troops .
georgia 's parliament accused russian peacekeeping personnel of not carrying out their duties stipulated and handed russia 's role in the conflict region as a bargaining chip in georgia .
the georgian parliament urged the government to take active actions to consider the need to provide assistance to the country in the conflict area of south ossetia in order to replace the current peacekeeping operation in the region .
the georgian parliament also instructed the government to revise the decision on the entry of russian peacekeeping personnel into the conflict area .
the south ossetia is a autonomous state of georgia , and has established diplomatic relations with the northern setious republic of russia .
after the breakup of the former soviet union , it proclaimed independence and had long been in a confrontational state with the georgian central government .
at present , russia has a total of over 100 military units stationed in the region .
this unit is established in accordance with the principle of the northern georgia movement , the southern seaport of the seaport of the siege in 1992 .
liaoyuan hospital four fire - control officials will be held responsible for the crime of major accidents .
changchun , february 16 ( xinhua ) the state council has decided to build a water - saving system in the city center hospital of liaoyuan city , jilin province , and the investigation group has decided to take 11 responsible persons , including zhang diankun , head of the hospital 's power work squadron , and four others , to be prosecuted for the crime of major accidents .
on 15 december 2005 , the liaoyuan city 's largest hospital , the dormitory hospital , was finally hit by 39 people .
in this fire , the chinese people who have been fire for more than 5,000 square meters .
it is understood that this is the first time that the national medical and health system has undergone major changes since the founding of new china .
according to investigations , the accident occurred at about 1630 hours on that day , and the hospital at the central city hospital suddenly stopped power transmission . according to the hospital 's circuit design , if power stops , the power - generating gate will automatically jump to the deputy gate , and continue to maintain normal power supply at the hospital . however , the electric gateway was not automatic gates . the head of the power work squadron zhang diankun was forced to stop
at that time , the underground cables , which were busted by smoke , were more than 10 cables and miscellaneous woods , and like this , the cable should be very nice and clean .
therefore , the 57 - year - old liaoyuan textile company 's electrical installation team leader zhao yongchun said that the power industry bureau has a long history of being a retired cadre of the power industry bureau .
china 's rural tourism industry to start first tour in tianlong
xinhua news agency , guiyang , february 16 , by wire ( reporter xinrong ) on the morning of 16 february , the tianlong village of tianlong village , pingba county , guizhou province , wore the festive pants and greeted them with a joyful smile on their faces .
at 10 : 30 a. m . , the five - year long march activities , with a long - sleeved shirt , the 80 - year - old zheng peaked the chinese village .
tin lung tsuen is a village in guizhou 's village .
as a member of the ming dynasty 's army during the year of the ming dynasty , the curtain of the tuen mun town plaza has been over 600 years .
here , it is evident that the people of the whole country , wearing a vast and colorful sandy sandy , have a long - standing and long - standing and long - standing ambition .
it is understood that the tianlong village has built a cultural tradition , and has been built in 2002 , with the result that the rural cultural tourism will be built only by 38.8 million yuan , and the whole village will have 47,000 - plus peasant households to use the meal service to sell goods of tourism through drinking water for food and clothing . the peasants ' per capita income has increased from over 1,300 yuan in 2002 to over 264 yuan in 2005 .
the guizhou provincial tourism bureau , yang shengming , said that following the tianlong highway in the first trip to the western region , the two sides have been discussing the new countryside , new town , new town , new town , and new town , and new town , and the rural tourism activities this year will be held in various parts of guizhou .
so far , more than 130 provinces and autonomous regions in guizhou have launched various kinds of rural tourism projects , and by 2005 , more than 600,000 rural households in the province have extricated themselves from poverty through developing tourism .
in january , 70 cities across the country rose 5.550 percent , while the shanghai housing price continued to decline .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to raise the level of the reform of the housing system in 70 medium and large cities in the whole country by 5.5 percent in january this year , down 0.7 percentage points from last month .
shanghai 's housing prices continued to decline .
the state development and reform commission , which is the national statistics bureau , released on 16 april , showed that 70 medium and large cities , most of the housing sales prices were up by a small margin in january this year , and hehhot 's dalian increase rate surpassed 10 percent . the shanghai housing sales price continued to decline by a small margin , down 0.4percent compared with the same period last year .
the same statistics show that the total value of imports of goods sold in shanghai in the first quarter of last year was 19.1 percent higher than the same period last year , and the turnaround was later turned . in the second half of last year , a slight decline in the same period last year .
in january this year , 70 large and medium - sized cities set up new commodity housing prices up 6.9 percent , up by a 0.2 percent rate compared with the previous month .
the newly built commodity housing prices rose by a relatively high rate , including dalian 's 18.9 percent and hezbolt 14.777.9 percent of the total area of shenzhen , 10.09 percent of the chengdu capital 's total , and 8.4 percent of the capital 's capital , while shanghai dropped 3.1 percent compared with the same period last year .
the central organization department urged that the leading cadres and cadres should be more strict in selecting and appointing cadres .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the central organization department recently issued a circular on strengthening the supervision work of cadres .
the opinions urged organization departments at all levels to proceed from strict management and care for cadres , and to run the cadre supervision through the training of cadres , and to conduct inspections and evaluate the work of selecting , appointing , and appointing cadres in a daily manner , and establish and improve a supervision mechanism for preventing the timely discovery of cases and correcting problems in a timely fashion , and effectively strengthen supervision over the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing leading cadres .
the opinion points out that the work of organization departments in supervising cadres is mainly aimed at supervising leading bodies and leading cadres , and the focus is on strengthening supervision over leading bodies ' principal responsible persons , and second , supervision over the selection and appointment of leading cadres of the party and government , and focusing on the " regulations on the work of selecting , appointing , and appointing party and government leading cadres . "
in the course of conducting a supervision over leading bodies and leading cadres , they should unswervingly uphold the party 's absolute leadership over the work of combating corruption and promoting clean government , and carry out education in the entire process of training , selecting , promoting , and managing cadres , and guiding and supervising leading cadres to cultivate party spirit , and to build the party that governs the people and leads the people in governing for the people and building a strong ideological and ethical defense line of resisting corruption and guarding against moral de@@
the number of newly selected cadres should be increased when they are promoted .
it is necessary to urge leading bodies at all levels to uphold democratic centralism , establish and perfect the rules and procedures for making decisions concerning issues of concern , conscientiously implement the system of combining collective leadership with individual responsibility .
it is necessary to stress the need to supervise the principal responsible persons of leading bodies , and to organize ( personnel ) departments to regularly cooperate with the principal responsible persons of the leading bodies at the lower level , understand the work style of the leading bodies , such as the ideological - political work style of the leading bodies .
establish and perfect the system of daily management and supervision by leading cadres , regularly conduct supervision over the ideological and work style of the leading cadres , and put forward opinions and measures for solving problems .
the practice of leading cadres ' admonitory talks and letters and letters has been implemented , and problems of symptoms of symptoms have been discovered , and admonitory talks or letters have been promptly conducted .
the masses should be given a clear understanding of the outstanding problems that the masses report , and should be aware of , and should be given criticism and education in light of the actual situation or with appropriate organization and handling , thus constituting a transfer of disciplinary - inspection and law - enforcement organs , and taking appropriate measures to clarify the problems after investigation .
at the same time , it is necessary to integrate strengthening supervision with encouraging cadres to boldly explore new ways and innovate , and pay attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the opinions and demands that organization ( personnel ) departments at all levels effectively strengthen leadership over party and government leading cadres in selecting and appointing cadres .
further improve the system of selecting cadres for cadres , and take measures to discuss and decide on issues such as how to evaluate cadres , and strictly ensure that the selection and employment of cadres are properly handled in order to ensure that there are benchmarks in the work of political cadres who are promoted through practice and who are trusted by the masses .
we should strengthen supervision and inspection of the situation of the implementation of the regulations on appointing cadres , and strictly investigate and punish acts that violate the regulations on appointing cadres .
the practice of a system of system for supervising and investigating personnel problems in serious violation of regulations and the intensity of supervision and investigation .
establish and perfect the system of responsibility for selecting and appointing cadres , and carry out the system of selecting and appointing cadres in line with the principle of integrating rights and responsibilities in various links of the work of selecting and appointing cadres in a scientific way , and clearly define the methods of investigating and affixing responsibility and intensifying the investigation and affixing of the responsibility .
give full play to the role of the masses in exercising supervision , establish and perfect a system of responsibility for security and a highly efficient report system .
give play to the role of public opinion supervision , and report to the media on the relevant situation in the work of selecting and appointing cadres at appropriate times , and accept supervision by public opinion .
the opinions put forward that it is necessary to further improve the mechanism of coordination and cooperation in cadre supervision .
the organization ( personnel ) departments should strengthen their cooperation with discipline inspection organs , establish a system of coordination with discipline inspection organs in the work of improving the party 's work style and building a clean and honest government , and establish a system of responsibility for the cadres concerned , and strengthen their supervision and joint force .
in conjunction with the discipline inspection organs , they have conscientiously carried out inspection work , improved inspection methods , improved inspection systems , and improved the quality of inspection .
in conjunction with the auditing organs , they conscientiously implemented the auditing system for leading cadres ' economic responsibility .
we should improve the system of internal supervision over the selection and appointment of cadres by organization departments .
hk 's top legislator to visit taiwan beijing , aug. 16
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to raise the level of the economic and trade cooperation with taiwan , said chen jixing , director of the taiwan economic affairs department here today
taiwan 's " chung - kuo shih - pao " reported that this was a positive management act dished out by chen shui - bian , which was an effective policy of opening up cross - strait economic and trade relations . after the taiwan authorities punished taiwan businessmen for investing in the mainland .
it is reported that the taiwan economy ministry 's investment review meeting has been called " a monument " and the united telecommunications administration has violated the basic law governing the relations between the people on both sides of the strait and the regulations governing the investment or technical cooperation in the mainland region .
in the future , the government will provide a more appropriate and more effective mechanism for the former chairman of the board of directors of the united nations power company , mr cao xingcheng , and others .
the project of the " suicidal power plant " began in february 2005 . at that time , the taiwan prosecutor bureau used 100 people to jointly launch a large - scale joint - stock investigation into the residential and office of several high - ranking personnel , saying that the united microelectronics was suspected of providing funds for the illegal purchase of vessels and technology in the mainland and providing funds for illegally assembling technology and manpower resources .
the current chairman of the board of directors , tsao xingcheng , then said openly that the united microelectronics has not violated any regulations of the taiwan authorities , and that the united microelectronics company has provided its support for the long - term interests of the united nations and the ship technology . if it does not enter the mainland market as soon as possible , it will lose its business opportunities .
after that , the taiwan authorities ' financial management committee decided to violate the relevant business information and disclose the information , and submitted to the united nations a penalty of nt $ 3 million .
on 9 january 2006 , the unicom board of directors accepted the resignation of cao xingcheng , and cao xingcheng gave a brief account of the case in which he was suspected of investing in the mainland several hours later .
the united nations power and taiwan 's chip circuit company ( " cannon " ) , which is a typical example of taiwan 's chip , are both the leading enterprises of high technology on the island .
the taiwan authorities have been trying to make a profit in investigating and dealing with the united front over the past year .
hk 's top legislator to visit hong kong , macao , taiwan
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a national security bureau in macao , the second largest city in china , to hold the second largest cultural event in china
this document has been widely adopted by the macao foundation and the hundred flowers and literature publishing house , the " foreign edition of the printers , " and the vice chairman of the chinese writers association chen jiangong and other members of the evaluation committee .
in 2004 , the return of macao to the motherland was the first time i was a native of the macao region , a large - scale cultural exchange event , and a great cultural and educational exchange meeting held at home and abroad . the organizing committee received a total of more than 8,entries and more than 10 award winners at home and abroad .
the macao foundation executive committee member wu zhiliang said at a news conference on 17 april that last year , the historical city of macao was listed as a world heritage list .
wu said that it was precisely under this kind of good cultural atmosphere that the macao foundation and the bowling publishing house jointly organized the " cultural and art publishing house " to decide on the establishment of the second forum of the poenaed in my heart of the second term , and hoped participants would learn from the works of the patriotic macao sentiment and display the outstanding achievements of macao 's unique humanistic and humanistic integrity and the stability of the special administrative region and the magnificent and magnificent
it is reported that this competition was held on 1 september this year , and the " foreign language and maritime edition " will open a special column for the competition .
the results of the evaluation were revealed , and the results will be announced in early 2007 in the macao sar .
shandong has successfully implemented a infant infant infant transplant operation in central
jinan , february 17 ( xinhua ) the jinan city government has decided to build a new " three - step " education system in the spirit of the " three - step " campaign , which is a major event in the history of the past year ,
on the 17th , the reporter found in the monitor room that the curtain of the infant 's 51 - day life was red with a red face , and all monitoring and inspection indexes were normal , and the operation was in danger of a smooth operation . he was playing with great interest the medical personnel who bought him .
according to the medical experts who were receiving the medical treatment , the man from the shandong tai an rural area was sent to the hospital by his parents , and the whole body was purple , breathing difficulties , and he was certified dead after inspection and diagnosed the genome of diagnosis .
the cardiac operation is a difficult one .
in particular , the number of infants under the age of 1 is about 1 , and at present , there is still a blank in the country .
the jinan military region 's research institute of heat diseases organized experts to repeatedly verify the situation and carefully design the operation and the subsequent monitoring plan , and to conduct a comprehensive analysis of the method of blood management according to the same method , and experiments on animal experiments .
on 28 december 2005 , the " surgery " began to officially start .
the cardiac is from a former japanese woman who died in the first - instance lung .
the operation should be in line with six blood pipes , sewed 510 injections , and injected at one foot only three millimetres .
the 29 th minute , the operation was successfully completed .
the state administration of industry and commerce , the state administration of industry and commerce , and other major and exceptionally serious accidents have been frequently occurring this year , and the key to this year 's major and important accidents have been caused by the prevention of coal mine accidents .
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to provide a total of four emergency aid to the victims of the accident , said a senior official with the national bureau of production safety ( nsb ) here today
on the 17th , this reporter learned from the state administration of production safety that in order to truly check the occurrence of major accidents such as mine accidents , the mine is the most important of all .
this year , the coal mine safety administration will grasp the following three things :
the tumultuous circle continued to play the role of vajpayee in dealing with the tough battle .
the state of wales will be transferred to the state of the country this year , and will be a prominent place in the future .
if ghazi miners do not implement the policy of cutting the stones before they are released , they shall order them to suspend production immediately .
the tumultuous circle continued to consolidate and consolidate the battle of closing down houses .
we should regard the cases of the 5243 individuals , plus the number of cases recently reported to the public , as well as the number of miners reported by various localities , as a result of the death .
we should regard closing down as a routine work , constantly close down those enterprises that undermine the environment and cause pollution without safety conditions .
the project will be completed in the next few years .
it is necessary to immediately correct the practice of curbing a small number of large state - owned mines , and establish a standardized system for the management of small minerals that are in charge of the chaos in management .
in particular , we should pay attention to key state - owned coal mines , and absolutely not allow overloaded coal mines to produce excess personnel .
this year , the production safety control index requires that all types of accidents in the country drop by 3-2 percent over last year , including a 3.5percent drop in coal mines .
one died in the accident , and more than 10 people were killed .
these control targets have already been issued to provincial people 's governments , and various localities are now divided into different levels to implement the measures in grassroots units and enterprises .
statistics show that in 2005 , the number of miners killed in the national mine accident dropped by 0.79 percent over the same period last year .
however , the 10 victims were killed and more than 10 others were injured in one accident , and the number of the dead was up 66.6 percent .
( international ) barroso calls for cooperation in kosovo
xinhua news agency , belgrade , february 17 , by wire ( reporter yi he ) - president plaser said that the eu 's president barroso had met with the leaders of the two countries in the prime minister 's office plasa , and that he hoped the parties concerned would make a good comeback in the process of the future negotiations on kosovo 's status and that the final establishment of a democratic and multi - ethnic integration .
barroso met with chinese vice premier and foreign minister tang jiaxuan and his entourage on the same day .
he also stressed that the eu commission will do everything it can to help kosovo develop .
barroso also expressed his gratitude for kosovo 's present proposal to implement the un 's eight standards on the process of democracy and democracy .
he said that the standard is a major factor affecting the development of kosovo and europe .
he also urged all countries in kosovo to take part in the kosovo war and to take part in the process of democracy and multi - ethnic integration .
barroso arrived in kosovo on the same day for a three - day official visit to china from the capital of kosovo .
prior to this , barroso had already visited croatia and cyprus , and he will also visit the country 's territory of macedonia and bosnia - herzegovina .
china to hold world cup finals in beijing , sept . 16
xinhua news agency , dushin , february 17 , by reporter : the incident of sending a child to the scene may not be settled .
xinhua news agency , beijing , july 26 , by reporter jianying gao
although italy has repeatedly ordered the united states to withdraw its troops from iraq during the winter games , the italian government has not yet decided to release the crew .
the city of zidoo was blown out of the first instance since the opening of the opening of the 16 th , and oaparovic was found to have used prohibited drug - related drugs .
the international olympic committee announced the next day that it had sent a leaf to the winter olympics , and she was elected the first chinese president to the current winter olympics .
the international winter biathlon league won the championship in the same day .
the international olympic committee has been stipulating that the athletes have been discovered in the olympic games and that they will be canceled .
however , according to italian law , the athletes carrying and using stimulants are part of the criminal activities , and the judicial organs have the right to directly arrest and investigate the use of the stimulant athletes , so as to use the sensors to subdue the three months to three years of instances .
last december , the international olympic committee and the italian government , after a year of hard bargaining , were able to finally reach a agreement on the issue of the " shanghai five " summit during the winter olympics .
after the unremitting efforts of the international olympic committee , italy has made great achievements in the four days before the opening of the winter olympics , pledging that the police will not enter the olympic village to search for the athletes ' place , but the drug is being taken to be taken by italian prosecutors .
it is reported that the italian government has overtaken the dushanbe meeting officials , including peter sandy , who has already sent a leaf to the italian government for investigation of the incident .
however , the international olympic committee and the peter cankette himself have not confirmed this .
russia 's winter biathlon team , which is composed of two teams , was revealed at noon on the 17 th that the dispatch of lev had already left dushuskovic and returned to the country .
he has been a member of the world anti - doping agency for many years , and has been a sportsman , who has been in charge of the anti - doping agency , believes that this matter will eventually be unsettled .
shi said that the international olympic committee and the italian government have established a " partnership " in the winter olympics .
according to the previous italian rulers ' use of stimulant to the athletes of their own country , the illegal acts of the prohibited individuals were also the most serious punishment of the two years of prison term .
therefore , the italian antona senior correspondent , leoni , said that the dispatch of lev to the prison is a very complicated matter . the top one is the " fine . "
leeieli also said that although the italian court can try its fault , the italian police do not have to go abroad to send the three men to serve their sentences .
if the government sent a leaf to refuse to accept the ruling , italy would not take her for any reason .
xinhua news agency : new sars epidemic continues to emerge in various countries in the world to prevent fan changqing from spreading
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a national center for the prevention of avian influenza in africa , according to a report by xinhua reporters stationed abroad .
the world health organization confirmed on the 17th that three regions in egypt had found bird flu - infected areas .
in europe , france has also discovered for the first time five avian flu virus , and europe 's highly vigilant against the disease , and intensified the prevention measures .
the world health organization ( who ) 's eastern mediterranean region , hassanal , told the press on the 17th that currently , cairo 's cairo sanda and the three regions in the southern part of the country have found the three areas of infected mixer mixer mixer dosaurs , and relevant departments of the egyptian government have already begun killing and killing suspected bird flu - like poultry .
experts pointed out that egypt is the second largest country in the middle east and north africa to move migratory birds from the world to the united states , and the possibility of migrating birds from the avian flu virus is very great .
egypt has announced that it will ban imported live poultry from other countries and has strengthened border control work .
the capital of cameroon , jawan , has a chicken farm in the past week .
the cameroon has decided to suspend the import of poultry from nigeria , which has been suspended for six months , and will suspend the import of all poultry and pork on the border between the two countries and the trade of related products .
the cameroon government also established a network of small and medium - sized enterprises covering all areas within a short period of time , and the basel center and the national veterinary laboratory is also in an emergency awaiting condition to carry out the relevant program of 5monger type virus at any time .
in europe , denmark and sweden signed an initial ruling on the 17 th .
swedish veterinary research institute issued a list of measures to investigate the death of the dead geese found this wednesday , indicating that the swans in sweden had no infected with the avian flu virus .
the danish national veterinary authority 's preliminary laboratory results also showed that the denmark 's 30 - year - old man , who has been found in denmark , has not been infected with the avian flu virus .
however , the agricultural department said that denmark still cannot take this lightly .
romania 's exports to the united states have increased by 2-2 percent this year , according to the report .
in bangladesh , the government has taken all necessary measures to prevent the spread of avian influenza .
government domestic helper service has provided a wide range of information on avian influenza prevention to relevant officials , and has also organized poultry keeping workers to train .
( newspaper extracts ) china 's first blood sharing information management system opens in zhejiang
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the number of people in china 's first share of blood has reached a record high , according to the center
the relevant responsible person of the zhejiang provincial blood center said that this means that no citizen will be allowed to take blood in any county ( city ) region in zhejiang province in the future to participate in donations without compensation , and there will be a single single and indisputable record , and when he again donates blood , he will be able to get the relevant code number , personal data , and blood - plate of blood and blood donors for the last blood donation period .
the responsible person further explained that if the import of the relevant code can be passed , the system can show that the insolent blood transfusion period has not yet reached , and it will be telling that it does not conform to the present conditions of blood donation .
this way , not only can the donors themselves be protected , but also can effectively protect their blood transfusions and health .
in addition , when blood supply is tense , donors and their relatives have the priority to use blood , you can get the blood donor 's blood donors ' valid documents , and immediately show that they are the blood donors , and are quite convenient .
according to the hangzhou " morning news " report , the information system is now being developed throughout the province , and all 36 of the blood suppliers are used . all of the blood donors in the province are able to make real - time appearance and realize the goal of sharing the entire province 's data .
to prevent the recurrence of a landslide in the philippines , 11 villages in the philippines have been evacuated as emergency as emergency as emergency as emergency as a result of the 11 villages in the philippines , and the number of people who have been evacuated has increased .
manila , february 18 ( xinhua ) philippine local officials said on the 18th that 11 villages in eastern philippines have made a lot of efforts to prevent a similar landslide incident in the eastern philippines .
the southern leonid of the province 's official romanian state of lesotho said on the same day that the village had a similar accident with the village on the 17th , which was similar to the one in the same area .
the 11 countries that have been evacuated will be resettled in seven evacuated areas .
larias said : the government yesterday ordered the us residents to withdraw from the country and dispatched people to inspect these villages .
on the 17th , the landslide incident occurred in the southern lethal province of saint soebell town , which was built on the mountain , and looked at the television picture , the soil and the stone of the entire village .
because the soil is very thick and humid , the soil is buried below .
at present , 109 people have died , and another 57 have been confirmed dead .
it is estimated that the accident will cause death to be high .
( overseas chinese and overseas chinese ) overseas chinese in southern fujian province , the first quarter of this year , exports rose by 35.2 percent over the same period last year , while exports in the first quarter of this year increased by 35.2 percent .
fuzhou , february 19 ( xinhua ) the fuzhou city intermediate people 's court ( ctb ) held a meeting today to discuss the issue of the export of foreign trade in the city of quanzhou city , in january this year .
according to customs statistics , the total value of exports in quanzhou city was 3.30 billion us dollars in january , setting the best record , increasing by 35.2 percent over the same period last year , and increasing by an average rate of growth in the entire province .
according to a survey conducted by the bureau of foreign trade of quanzhou , the reason why the foreign trade in january can grow at a high speed is because of the fact that the several foreign trade support measures in quanzhou have been put into effect , enterprises ' enthusiasm for export has been high , the quanzhou economic operation has been brisk , enterprises ' confidence in operation has been enhanced , and the highly efficient foreign trade environment has been unimpeded .
