white house urges nuclear inspectors to monitor north korea 's closing of nuclear reactor
the white house today called on nuclear inspectors to monitor the situation in north korea 's nuclear reactor , and the white house made a decision at a meeting between us president bush and south korean president roh mohamed .
the white house national security council spokesman , chu qiang , said that the discussions between the two leaders today on the us - south korea nuclear issue and the north korean nuclear issue have been developing and the international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) inspectors will soon return to north korea to monitor north korea 's nuclear reactor 's stoppage and close its nuclear reactor .
singapore and china have a long history of friendly cooperation , and the two presidents have also expressed their appreciation for the us - south korea free trade agreement signed yesterday , and will work to ensure the approval of the agreement by the two countries ' congress .
experts believe that pyongyang has been producing a series of plutonium in the past 20 years , and is sufficient to produce 12 nuclear weapons .
the us delegation to the six - party talks , hill , last week , said that he expected the nybyon nuclear reactor to close in mid - july .
heavy rain in western india drizzle 43 dead
the h5n1 strain of severe torrential rain in the western part of india , the eastern coastal city of tacheng , and elsewhere , has been suspended .
the rescue official said today that the death toll of 43 people was caused by the explosion .
the annual average of the peak of the wind will be rain from june to september every year , leading to the death of india , a country with a population of 1 billion , and even causing casualties .
the current hailai ritual and torrential rain has killed more than half of the victims , and other people have been dragged by the housing or the rituals of the houses .
the indian financial center was also hit by torrential rain .
in the 29 th year of the year , the " golden waterfall " of caesar was reduced by 43 percent .
the director - general of the state administration of radio , film and television said that 13 people died in the single case .
officials of city governments appealed to people to stay away from the rock before the rains are too late to protect their own safety .
the rain was slightly cut off yesterday , and most areas were still flooded everywhere today .
indian flood measuring nearly 500
according to reports by officials and media , the number of people killed by torrential rain in the whole country has climbed to 40,000 .
the itinerary of the government in charge of rebuilding and rebuilding , kadan , said today that indian provinces have recently successively launched a series of " four no " projects , including casualties and economic losses , and the death toll of india 's largest gateway , the indian state of lashi , which is located only . the number of deaths has now reached 300 .
the report pointed out that candan was a " fisherman " when inspecting the accident .
he said : at the same time , india 's largest cotton production site , rashat , the entire country , is vast in the ocean , and has 27 cities and towns with about 300,000 km of cotton by the same time , including the worst waterstream , which is known as the safety of the victims .
the entire indian territory has been moving from the south to the north one week ago , and residents of all provinces have been holding droughts for a long time and greeting the rainy and rainy days with the feeling of being willing to work in their own areas . however , they have not expected that the drought is extremely fertile and the drought is serious , and the roads are being built in low - lying areas are not as usual . traffic paralyzing , and there are about 500 people
the wimbledon tennis championship , which is held in the final , will be held in nadar .
the red earth of spain , wang naiju , was discovered by a man in the four strong men 's singles competition in wanger , racing kitovic , and racing jitsu , who could not win another battle , kawer , kawer , and najeper , who will compete with the world football king of switzerland , rode rita , to win the dragon dance of the french championship .
in a statement issued at the 16 th national games , jovic and the eight strong teams all held a heat - back team to the ambulance during the game . he was hit by a third day and was forced to leave the team to cover the water .
the fourth seed , jakovic , won the championship in 3 - 6 , 6 - 1 , 4 - 1 leading seed nawer .
apart from the first time that nalitacha started the competition , because of the slow heat , he was captured by the first laptop of the situation , and the second time the third battle situation was led on the other side .
satellite laser shows that iran 's tapping tunnel may be a major way to protect nuclear weapons
the us think tank science and international security institute reported today that commercial satellites have been discovered in iran , and iran is currently carrying out a series of nuclear tests near the nantyaz uranium enrichment facility , which may be aimed at protecting nuclear weapons while the air raids .
these things are done by america 's lisbon ( ritc ) , aleking gitchen , and the company on june 11 , and published the latest information on the website of the institute of science and international security .
the institute of research is located in washington , dc , where it is a non - profit research group .
the robot showed that the water was only mud in the south of the naganz facility , and it was along the mountain and carrying out road construction , and the facility was a uranium enrichment factory .
analysts , oubrat and brown , in a report , pointed out that the key tunnels in the process of exit are not clear , but roads are rough .
they said : like this , a mountain - like mountain tunnel has been built in the air raid .
un envoy to hold nuclear talks iran 's attitude
the united nations international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) deputy director - general hainin held talks with iranian officials here today to once again try to resolve the nuclear issue in iran .
but iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad has been increasing pressure on the united nations to further impose sanctions , still stubbornly resisting it .
the " three - star " program will not be halted in iran , but it is welcome to the latest talks .
he said that the installation of a carelessness could slow down or speed , which is an enforcement problem , but no one could tell the truth about the possibility of our abandonment of rights .
he made the above remarks when he arrived in hainning .
the purpose of hainning 's visit is to formulate a set of plans to resolve the issue of the nuclear program in iran .
the un has not been frozen for uranium enrichment , and has imposed two sets of sanctions on iran .
the report by iran news agency reported that hyundai and hyunt 's national security supreme council vice president vajpayee were in charge of international affairs .
the iranian team also includes the iaea deputy chairman , the deputy director general , and the director - general of the international atomic energy agency , somaniel .
the king 's trip to china will be a new government .
the palestinian authorities have been trying to persuade the palestinian government to stop the gaza strip for a month . prime minister fatah has temporarily invited the resignation . however , it was ordered to be responsible for the new government .
the ministry of agriculture and social affairs , hhabachi , told afp that prime minister jayakarta had raised a resignation to president abbas , and the chairman accepted the appointment . meanwhile , he also asked the new cabinet , which is responsible for the day - to - day administration of the cabinet .
abbas ' muhammad ' told afp that fatah 's resignation was abbas ordered him to execute his current duties until he could get the new government .
the respected economist , professor jade , has proposed dismissal , but the preface of the program is not a question of whether he will be able to shake his position as prime minister .
france and yadei have been leading the palestinian emergency cabinet since 17 february to implement the abbas ' violence in the gaza strip , and announced the order .
according to the basic law of the palestinian autonomous government , the government has not yet approved by the parliament , and it is not permitted to exceed 30 days , but the autonomous council is now in a state of paralysis .
the authority of the emergency government was expelled today .
wto representative to break new rules in doha round talks
the main wto negotiating team today proposed that the united states substantially cut subsidies on agriculture , and develop countries sharply lower the tariffs on imports of industrial products , so as to break the doha round of trade talks .
the official said that the new model of the draft demands that the united states provide subsidies to agriculture every year from 10000 us dollars currently permitted to land at low cost to $ 200 million . the developing countries will transfer industrial products to other countries and will be reduced to below that level .
these proposals aim to break the deadlock over the doha round talks over the past six years and to bring about a consensus reached by wto members .
secretary general of the wto john howard said these suggestions were made by the balancing of goals and development - oriented agreements .
lamy said : the proposal by un member states will not be completely satisfied , but the cause of disagreements is less than the consensus .
he called on the government to hold intensive negotiations in the coming weeks .
the magnitude of the shock - cutting plant or the caitar of the crawl of the crawl of the crawl ,
japan has been hit by a strong earthquake this week , causing a shortage of cars and a shortage of cars and other vehicles , said today that they have even suspended domestic cars with frequent travels .
japan 's rituals hit by a strong earthquake measuring 6.8 on the richter scale , a car - type manufacturer of zero - hydroelectric hyundai corp corp , were forced to suspend operations in tokyo prefecture , causing a series of impact on the production of trucks .
the world 's most salable trunk truck spokesman said that the mud till the 21 st will be suspended for domestic car production .
japan 's spokesman , nakasawa , said that from the day following day until the 23 rd , the japanese - made two factories in three japanese factories will suspend production and operation , and will resume the evaluation of the situation on the weekend .
he said that both factories have two main lines of carelessness , one of which will be affected , but the company 's next month may increase the rotation classes to make up for the backward production progress .
suzuki said that the three - day suspension of production will be suspended tomorrow , and the production of trawlings of japanese fuji company will be suspended tomorrow .
the car said that next week it might suspend some of the eggs , which could be supplied by lai .
the earthquake caused the death of at least 10 people and injured others , and hundreds of houses were damaged by the mud , which forced the factories in the disaster areas to stop .
the snatch of the lord was removed in indonesia ,
today , the king said that as hong kong 's earlier this month 's rush to buy was triggered off , indonesia had canceled the ban on selling british green bags .
the indonesian plaza in the high consumption district , such as ritagele thawing , said that due to the incident in hong kong , we have abolished the " green bags " activities in the city .
if the people were to get a chance to get a living allowance of 140,000 rupees ( about 40,000 new taiwan dollars ) , it would not have the price to pay .
the people of hong kong gathered in the hotel on 6 july to buy a stake made by british lord alawer .
this new model of " environmental protection " which attempts to replace the bags , is unexpectedly not long after the " ice " that has become popular indicators in london and new york , triggering a spark for buying and auctioning the website ey prices have already reached several times the price of zero .
the only person who has been authorized to sell citrita in indonesia said that he would not confirm whether it would be sold a few days later .
hostage crisis rattled south korea directly with north korea
kidnapping of 23 south korean hostages in afghanistan , and the final deadline for the nation 's episode today , demanding south korea to withdraw its troops from afghanistan , otherwise it will be killing the hostage .
as time passes by one minute and a second , the situation has developed in a positive manner , south korean officials have held talks with the organization of the elegant movement for the first time today .
however , at the same time , the official said that another kidnapped german hostage was in a very weak condition and began to fall into the embarrassing state .
marc urges germany and south korea to withdraw troops from afghanistan and to demand the exchange of hostages for the 33 prisoners who were imprisoned by the afghan government .
john ashimi , spokesman for the taej , told afp by telephone that he could not help but make a direct contact with the south korean delegates .
adam said : " we hope that the talks will yield results . "
the local time will be around evening ( 10 : 30 p.m . taiwan time ) , which will be the final deadline . once the time is over , the japanese hostage will begin to be killed .
the city has been postponed for two days .
maritime disputes cannot reach consensus on military talks between the two koreas
because of the different types of maritime space operations , the three - day north - south high - level military talks between the two koreas were unhappy today .
in addition , the border city of banana held talks today and entered the final day of the meeting . kim yong - chol , chief representative of the north korean side , said : we have made a conclusion that we will no longer need to hold talks with the results that are not produced .
the red face was beating , and the face was clearly unhappy , kim jae - chol attacked south korea , deliberately slawaiting new waters , replacing the original citrus of north korea .
he pointed out that the northern line of the river was not legal .
the beilun bridge , which is located in the north , is named the us military 's largest military base after the korean war in 1953 .
north korea said it illegally intruded the waters of the waters and caused tension , and south korea claimed that the accusation was groundless .
the local waters clashed in june 1999 , killing dozens of north korean sailors .
in june 2002 , there was another incident of similar clashes , and six south korean people were unfortunately killed .
us finance minister arrives in china for environmental protection and exchange rate
us treasury secretary powell arrived in china yesterday for a visit , and the united states is making all - out efforts to persuade china to further implement the necessary economic reforms and environmental protection work , especially the issue of the renminbi exchange rate .
us diplomatic personnel said that powell had visited china first and then visited china 's vast northwest province of qinghai eleidelli .
china 's largest salt water lake near the shaolin lake has carried out a series of environmental protection plans .
" i am very happy to see that the chinese government has made great efforts to promote the country 's national economy , " he added .
the us - china strategic economic dialogue mainly discussed economic issues such as environmental protection , and the most important is the issue of the rmb exchange rate , and us congressmen hold that renminbi is overvalued .
us - china trade deficit is rapidly picking up , and the pressure within the united states is gradually rising , and congressmen are prepared to take retaliatory actions to counter their so - called china unequal trade policy .
last week , the senate finance committee gave an overwhelming vote to ask the treasury to clarify the currency exchange rate regime misjudged .
us congressmen said that the renminbi undervalued , which has made china 's goods sold to the united states very much , exacerbated the imbalance in us - china trade . last year , the us trade deficit with china reached $ 2.5 billion .
muzhijian claimed that he would be killed by the mud of the 60 th year old
starting from the start of the tiger , muili 's future will be known to the media .
some newspapers listed 14 newspapers , including the new name of 14 th - name marshals , but i will stay in west qimei , muitiniao , and make appeals .
the president reiterated that he hoped that the day he could get out of the portuguese team 's tail , i would really want to go to school , i believe that the country will have a day to go to school .
however , mousili , 44 , did not intend to bring all his life to football . he said he would play a role in the field of football before 60 years old . he did not want to be like the bobaron and the frogson , to be promoted to the year 's age .
i had already made a promise to my wife , i would not have been as close as robuffansen and frogen . i had been taught to my 70 years old .
the mute rituals were found to have been found in the mute city of mute .
i have many things that i cannot do now awaiting my work .
i did not want to become a football consultant or a technical director , for example , barbado or sadaki .
i do not want to play such a role .
i do n't want to become the chairman of a club , i only want to completely run soccer .
( qi liang )
the shanxi hongdong zongsheng village , wang bing , a black - like ditch , tried a case ( photo )
chinanews , july 26 c china 's top official economic growth rate in the first half of this year was the largest in the history of china 's reform and opening up , said cao shengjie , deputy director of the central military commission .
many domestic media have expressed concern over the progress of the case .
because of the prudent and careful work of the local departments concerned , some reporters were unable to attend the news conference .
at present , ritual is still in progress .
according to a report by the linfen city intermediate court , if the smooth running of the case , it is estimated that the case will be concluded on that day .
but whether or not he could be sentenced to court is still unknown .
at about 9 : 00 a. m . , a reporter noticed that the outside of the entrance to the linfen city intermediate court was calm and calm , and the eastern section was passing through .
perhaps it is a serious challenge to the court 's activities that are going on .
when the time comes , i believe that the law is just .
a person who crossed this place looked like a girl from the national emblem and said himself : "
prior to this , there was news in honghengxian county that wang bing 's father , cao shengjie , former party branch secretary of shengshan village , was dismissed from the post of county people 's congress in accordance with the law .
prior to this , wang donghuan had been dragged in black trawns in the case of wang bing 's black army ditches , and was removed from the post of secretary of the village party branch and was expelled from the party .
the " blue army " , which was triggered by the wang bing - bing black brick case , has been a hot topic of attention at home and abroad . the central leadership issued a directive demanding that the investigation be carried out strictly .
the dprk and the rok have reached a consensus on developing cooperation in the light industry and underground resources .
chinanews , july 8
the dprk and the rok reached a consensus on the 7 th on developing cooperation in the light industry and underground resources .
according to the agreement , the rok will provide the dprk with light industrial products such as clothing and other light industrial products . in this regard , the dprk has decided to grant some domestic exploitation rights to the rok .
according to a report by the japan - us transportation association , the rok and the dprk held a meeting in kaesong in three days ' time to cooperate in the development of light industry and underground resources . they held consultations at the panel level and finally reached an agreement .
according to the agreement , the rok will provide north korea with garments and shoes and soap raw materials , with a total value of 90000 yen .
in this regard , the dprk will build three ancient citries in china .
the rok government will hold a special meeting in the western region of renchuan port on 25 july to transport the first batch of contracts worth 500 tons of contractual goods to the dprk .
according to the plan , starting from 28 july , the rok and the dprk jointly launched investigation on eastern north korea .
the government of the republic of korea began to start providing 400,000 tons of rice aid to the dprk .
after the dprk expressed willingness to actively carry out its obligations to the six - nation consultations , including the closure of nuclear facilities , the dprk - rok economic cooperation has become more active again .
the lanzhou commodity price bureau has made an explanation on the price limit of the beef meat : it is only because of the excessive increase in the price .
chinanews , july 10 - ( by huang party )
this afternoon , the lanzhou city bureau of commodity prices invited relevant departments to conduct a thorough investigation on the limitations of the beef ;
at the press conference , he learned that the bureau of investigation and the bureau of mutation jointly issued a quantity of restriction prices , mainly because the extent of increase in the beef flesh - and - flesh prices was too big and exceeded the capacity of ordinary residents to bear .
it is reported that the price of cattle has risen , with the increase rate reaching 20 percent , and statistics show that this is the largest increase in the beef price in lanzhou since the early 1980 s .
" the government 's behavior is to take into account the needs of the common people in the region , and we have to set a limit on the maximum price of our exports , " said the director of the lanzhou city commodity price bureau .
on 26 february , the ritual of the lanzhou city administration of industry and commerce and other departments jointly levy eggs on the beef on the flesh side price , and once the news was revealed , it triggered a strong concern .
it is understood that the forum aims to listen to opinions from all circles and provide a good opportunity for the next step in the specific management methods of taiwan , and also to reveal that lanzhou will hold a news conference tomorrow .
this will be the first time that lanzhou city has held a price hike incident .
drug traffickers punished for china regional development association : stop activities for three months
chinanews , july 11 c according to sources from china 's internet website , the national internet information center of china 's regional development promotion association has stopped its activities for three months .
the penalty order shows that the problem of the following violations of the law exists in the china regional development promotion association : collecting superstandard fees , using trawks , using cereal to non - member units , collecting fees from other members .
investigation shows that the number of party members in charge of the work unit is 2,500 yuan per year , and the number of cases involving embezzlement to public funds has been reduced to over 20 units in february 2007 .
according to the " regulations on registration and management of social organizations , " the first paragraph ( 8 ) of article 33 ( 2 ) has set a deadline for the society to stop its activities for three months and has been sealed up according to law such as that club and elegant .
the rok government hopes to speed up the process of denuclearization on the peninsula through the six - party talks
chinanews , july 12 - according to a report by the han - kuang news agency , the rok government is very concerned about the meeting of the head of the delegation to the six - party talks to be held in beijing on the 18th .
the rok foreign affairs and trade ministry issued a commentary on 12 june , saying that it is hoped that the talks will be held at the head meeting of the six - party talks delegation , and that the talks will be able to discuss the ending of the initial stage measures and the implementation of the next phase measures as soon as possible , and the substantive proposal , so as to accelerate the process of the denuclearization of the korean peninsula .
the commentary also claimed that as a member of the core of the north korean nuclear issue , the government of our country will make unremitting efforts to achieve a nuclear - free korean peninsula soon .
officials reveal that beijing olympic games is expected to create the best place in the number of participating countries and regions
chinanews , july 16
xinhua news agency news : the beijing olympic organizing committee vice minister wang shilin of the international department disclosed on 14 june that the beijing olympic organizing committee will submit a report to the international olympic committee next month on the olympic committee 's 205 members to the ioc to attend the olympic games .
he said that if no accident was reported , the beijing olympic games would become a major event in the history of participating countries and regions .
the report claimed that from 10 to 12 april , deputy director wang shilin , on behalf of the beijing olympic organizing committee , briefed the meeting of the pan - american sports organization on the preparatory progress of the beijing olympics , including the construction of traffic arrangement , the construction of traffic arrangement , and the construction of such things as the granite .
wang shilin said : the pan - american sports organization member countries and regions all have expressed their concern about the participation in the beijing olympics , and all 42 members have expressed their confidence in the participation of the olympic games in beijing next month .
it is understood that at the meeting , the ioc will hold discussions with the beijing olympic organizing committee on officially inviting the international olympic committee 205 members to attend the olympic games .
chinese vice - premier meets german guests
wang yan 's condition improved , and ' insisted on ' taking a stool stack and using a staple muscle to restore ' two - level ' muscles
huanyan has been able to sit on the wooden bench , but it is not too long , and she will feel uneasy . she is shijie yesterday . the zhejiang sports bureau director wu huqin told the reporter .
earlier , the injured wang yan was sent to the hospital for treatment .
this month wang yan went to zhuhai from the sixth college of shanghai ( weighing syndrome ) to a specially - needed ward . her right - hand suitcase muscle was 2 to 3 . her left limbs were strain - leak .
in the past half a month , wang yan 's upper limb muscle has taken a further turn .
doctor zhao yeming said that wang yan 's muscle had reached above four levels , which was more than five times that of normal level , and the leftist muscle muscle had also exceeded three levels .
in other words , in less than half a month , wang yan 's upper limb muscle had restored the imperial rituals .
the former john wang yan could be a doctor 's help .
the hospital rehabilitation experts originally planned to allow wang to stay in the rehabilitation beds at the end of last week .
however , according to wang yan 's current restoration , the highly qualified professionals in charge of rehabilitation training have to be postponed temporarily .
wu said that wang yan is now in the process of training mainly by using his snapshot to make the liquid she can sit on the stool wooden bench , but it is still not too long , and that ( reporters from the same department of the same department ) are not too long .
venezuelan president says china to cut wages of senior civil servants
chinanews , july 23 - according to a comprehensive report , venezuelan president hugo chavez made a speech on the internal and foreign policies of the commission on july 22 .
he said that the major reduction in civil service salaries was a major step .
he also said that the foreigners who came to venezuela to investigate would face serious consequences if they attack the venezuelan government .
the government has ordered government officials to closely monitor the situation of foreign nationals ' visits to venezuela and found that anyone who openly criticizes him or the government of the commission will be expelled .
he said on the evening of 22 march that venezuela should not tolerate foreigners .
in his speech , he also pointed out that the government will greatly reduce the salaries of senior civil servants .
he said that the wages of the venezuelan civil servants cannot exceed the monthly figure .
it is reported that in venezuela , some poor people 's monthly income is equivalent to us dollars .
in latin american countries , the move to reduce civil service salaries has become a common practice and has won the support of the broad masses of the people .
peru , rituals , and other leaders have all reduced their salaries .
the minister said that cuban leader castro reminded him of the importance of the beating of the us side .
he said that carter presented a gift to him , a central american magazine , and he wrote a ritual of echoing the words of the cia director .
prc : article says us ' spies ' to end ' long - awn ' trial at court yesterday ,
last night beijing time , the international federation of automobile movement held a meeting in beijing on the fatigue technology espionage case , which was passed by the summoning kawai escaped a robbery : the council of advisers decided not to take any action against the kkai rot for the time being .
the official website of the international federation of automobile manufacturers issued a statement after the hearing , saying that the epicenter of the mute whitewick mustard has secret information about the cathedral , but there is no sufficient evidence at present to indicate that these materials are being used by the imc level to the international fossils . therefore , it will not be punished because of this .
however , the farewell technology espionage case did not draw a line of tribute .
the council of the motor campaign committee has also stated in the decision that if the situation is discovered , the tralley - related information will be used to damage the championship , and we reserve the right to demand that the rotae - ride reeking motor - driven reechelon and they might be facing the possibility of being disqualified from the race in 2007 or even in 2008 .
the number of people who have been suspended from their posts , former designer of the rotating mokay , was discovered to have a history of nearly 800 pages of french - speaking technological documents , including the french - speaking design power of the 2007 racing car , the construction of the lger - type design , the testing of the development and operation of the c & t , etc.
the mushan tiger was stopped in the city of kawaguchi , but no other people knew the information .
chinese vice - premier meets japanese guests
experts believe that the phenomena of lacking funds for the short term will not be diverted to the stock market funds in china
chinanews , july 30
according to a report by china securities news , the " regulations on management of foreign investment by insurance funds " was promulgated a few days ago , and insurance funds have a broader space for utilizing their capital markets .
china 's largest investment official
the report said that many insurance institutions hold the same view .
experts said that because there is still no such market for renminbi products , the insurance institutions are not capable of avoiding risks , and therefore , the timing for large - scale purchases of foreign exchange is not yet ripe .
liu lefei said that in the long run , the government will be more flexible in the allocation of assets by foreign investment in the overall distribution of insurance companies .
however , given the relatively large amount of pressure for the appreciation of the renminbi , china will mainly make use of its own foreign exchange funds to invest abroad .
the state council will adopt a series of measures to deal with foreign exchange purchases and make investment abroad .
( sang he )
china 's direct losses in artery this year totaled 5.25 billion yuan , total flood prevention and drought control total
this reporter has learned from the general headquarters of the national flood prevention and drought control headquarters that as of now , 1.18 - billion mu of the nation 's disaster has been affected , of which 54.14 - million mu were destroyed , 1.19 - million people were killed in the disaster , 45.7 - man rock houses were ravaged by the floods , and 52.5 - billion yuan were directly economic losses .
the acreage of cultivated land across the country was 140 - billion mu , and there were no trawing to the large - scale drying due to drought .
the national flood prevention and drought control headquarters in july issued a circular to the leaders of the governments of the provinces , autonomous regions , and municipalities to deal with the current severe flood prevention and drought control situation .
it requires all provinces and municipalities along the huaihe river to strengthen their work to prevent flooding , to prevent flooding due to the need to seize all kinds of victories in flood prevention .
the state general administration of flood prevention and drought relief has sent three teams to work in flood prevention and drought control to the first line and the heavy drought - stricken areas to direct flood prevention and drought control .
at present , the work of flood prevention and drought prevention is proceeding in an orderly manner , and normal operations and frequent inputs have also been put into flood discharge , henan xitang , jiangsu , and jiangsu , where people are not allowed to go to sleep in the mud .
the trunk stream has not been a big danger .
the city of jiaoxi , jiangxi , and other provinces started the emergency response to the drought in accordance with the plan , and the drought - fighting work was being carried out in an intense and orderly manner .
china 's economy has grown rapidly in recent years , said a senior official with the chinese government here tuesday .
chen shui - bian has secretly approved the involvement of the taiwan " judicial court " in the election and denied and asked it to explain .
chinanews , july 9 c chen shui - bian 's case of trying to get involved in the election of the leader of the taiwan region by the judiciary on july 30 .
taiwan 's judicial administrative office director wang jinshan and gao jianjun said on the same day that the performance of judges on the island is not in keeping with chen shui - bian 's words , and they also demand chen shui - bian to explain his remarks .
according to a report by taiwan 's " tiger " , chen shui - bian questioned the prosecutor or investigators on 30 june , and because of political or election considerations , he was involved in the involvement of the ruling parties or even attempted to influence the election activities of the candidates of various parties . he said he hoped that this phenomenon would not exist in taiwan , but it might be very difficult .
in view of chen shui - bian 's question , taee jawescream , president of the taiwan judicial court , did not respond to the call of the secretary general fan guangqun , but gao jinchi and yang jiachang spoke at the court of justice .
gao jinchi said : taiwan 's fundamental law and the code of conduct for judges are both made known to the party that judges should go beyond the party and that they should not participate in party activities , nor should they be allowed to run for the election . judges are very cautious about the relevant restraints . judges from the judicial qinzhi believe that judges are all very good .
the high - speed whitewashing of the justices of the justices of the supreme court in kaohsiung city , zhang shengxi , was recently involved in the cagan school . that is , because of the colored party , the decision was given to the self - discipline committee composed of judges in the relevant curricula .
zhang shengxi once wanted to attend the party ritual of the dpp , and he was also forced to give up his position because he was involved in the election .
gao jinchi held that if a case is tried by a individual case , a trial level will be postponed .
germany to reduce threshold for professional personnel to import
on july 1 , the pla daily reported on the first day of the new year that the pla had sent troops to the united states .
the german minister of education and scientific research , sha wanlin , said recently that germany should lower the " grind law " to provide restrictions on the import of foreign professional personnel , and increase the number of foreign personnel to solve the problems faced by germany in terms of professional personnel .
according to oecd 's report , germany has reached 15 to 64 years of age of labor force , and the number of people aged between 15 and 64 will drop year by year .
if there is no sufficient migration , to 20th , germany 's labor force will be reduced by 66.5 percent .
however , the german federation of employers and the german engineers association have reported that the current labor market in germany is characterized by professional engineers ' technological elite .
the federal labor bureau said the number of employees in germany rose to 36.5 million in may this year , compared with the same period last year .
in order to protect the employment of its own people , germany has set up a higher threshold for attracting foreign talent .
the " trojan " rule of germany stipulates that the number of non - eu professionals cannot be less than 8.550,000 euros in germany , otherwise they cannot get a chance to work and live in germany .
sha wan suggested that this limit be reduced to around the euro .
no superstition of law , no carelessness to law
the npc standing committee recently submitted the " law on lawyers " to the npc standing committee for deliberation . article 8 of the draft revision stipulates : those who have engaged in legal research and other professional work , including senior or similar professional levels , should apply for the legal profession . they should be examined and approved by the state council 's judicial administration . they may be permitted to practise their profession .
( 28 june ) " china 's comeback "
there are theoretical circles in the country and such places as hugh , geseto , and elegant customs . the former includes teaching and research on laws , as well as misfortune of others , while the latter is engaged in litigation , legal service , and other specific behavior such as legal service .
for a long time , the law has been roused and misled by the elites of literary and art circles , as well as theoretical citries in the theoretical circles , and the lack of essential things in the practical work circles . these are only things of mechanical and mechanical laws , but are also things of course in the nonprofit fields of the national arts and cultural circles .
with regard to such division of labor , the legal system can be maintained at ease and not work at the cost of giving support to one party .
however , the provisions in the law of lawyers in the process of making laws have objectively recognized the law of origin .
in fact , some lawsuits have been merely used to make theoretical studies and teaching .
in this way , the phenomena of luring lawbreakers undoubtedly rings out the legal profession 's qualifications to make things worse .
we must not only ignore superstitions in theoretical circles , such as experts and demonstrations , often engage in serious violations of law and discipline , and even reject court judgments .
and encourage chinese - funded ships to engage in sailing
the reporters of this newspaper , feng lei
the " law on the management of national defense education " held by the state council at the press conference was learned that china will implement a special registration system for international shipping vessels with chinese capital , encourage chinese - invested ships that have been hoisted to return to china , and obtain the prc shipping register and navigation certificate issued on 1 july .
in order to further promote the healthy development of china 's maritime industry and to strengthen the country rotation , the state has made a lot of contributions to the overseas registration and hoisting of foreign vessels in china 's international shipping activities . the ministry of communications recently issued a " circular on implementing the regulations on the special registration of international - invested shipping ships in shipping ships in china , " which clearly states the conditions and conditions for applying for trunk cases .
applications for ships can be made by the dalian marine police station in shanghai .
britain lowers terrorist attacks
on july 5 , the pla daily reported on july 5 that a new type of aircraft , which was launched by the pla navy ,
british government to attack terrorists
at present , the british police have shifted the scope of investigation to india and australia .
because of the eight terrorists arrested , the police have been conducting medical treatment . the government will conduct a thorough investigation into the cause of migrants entering the medical system .
it is reported that some mud has been found working in the british public medical system , and people have been eligible to receive medical treatment abroad .
prime minister john c also demanded that the authorities should conduct investigations into the background of high - tech migration , and employers or relevant organizations will be required to provide background information .
peddling the traders
tourism and tourism plans are slackening the efforts of the authorities .
but the number of people who travel in china has encountered such a kind of worries . in addition to being extorted by traders and business intermediary businesses , they are still being traced and chased .
both cars and trains , the trucks , and the cave must be affected by small traders and some unqualified intermediaries .
not selling flowers and burns , it is selling newspapers and periodicals , and many other noncertificate - based intermediary importers have introduced their food and drinks , or even made false cds .
if you do not accept it , he can chase you for several hundred meters , and it 's very difficult to succeed .
in some places , many things are also done in order to make a fortune .
without entering the gate , some people would go to tourism and small ones .
after entering the door , this situation will be more . once the good situation is improved , it will be disturbed .
some media reports said that the number of foreign tourists visiting xi ' an is quite big in praise of the ancient civilization in xi ' an , but it is not a matter of fact that small business hawks who allow more landfills are everywhere to sell .
these include the trunk of the rings of the rings and the rings of the wind , and should be unorderly , calm , and harmonious , and give a big stick to the charm of the eye .
the free movement of traders , which stirred up trouble , is something that has been objectively destroyed .
what is important is that these things are the main points of the local spiritual civilization construction , and the peaks of the entire leopard are not just an issue of image , but also a major impact on local economic development .
just think , if you want to make a big and powerful tourism industry , you use this kind of disorderly and complete tourism environment to meet the needs of the guests coming from south to north . who is willing to come , who will dare to come ?
your tourism economy has achieved good results ?
as the peak travel season arrives , it will bring a new opportunity for tourists from the north of tiannan to create a civilized tourism environment . it should be said that the urgent task at present is to be done .
not a market , small business hawker business conduct should be standardized , and there should be a mechanism for operation without a license , and illegal activities should be resolutely cracked down .
a civilized and orderly environment can enable the country to be happy , to do all it can ,
in a word , do n't let the traders worry about it .
voluntary surrender of the smuggled orange
the " qianlong street " in dongcheng district , beijing , used to issue electric shoes and other things as a tribute to 12 households that voluntarily refund .
( xinjing bao , july 10 )
the author has made a lot of excitement for the improvement of the family life , but he has taken the initiative to silk wording , and has also given incentives to rewarding others .
the vice - director of the office of building jiarong street said that the problem of swindling and low - guarantee is to encourage voluntary surrender , and to set examples for other low - income households .
if this example is to encourage other low - income insurance personnel to use their own efforts to extricate themselves from the predicament , it is indeed worth advocating , and if this is intended to use this to ensure that those who have been swindling for a long time cannot avoid some naive .
in differing and cleaning up the work of lowering the number of households , what is more dependent is the law .
relevant departments should strengthen the role of low - income households in performing their duties while enjoying the minimum allowable insurance : for example , timely notify family personnel and income changes , report on employment situation , and accept periodic reexamination , and the relevant departments should step up supervision and inspection .
after all , the phenomena of corruption and dereliction of duty are a long - lasting solution .
the street has given a special allowance to those who have been rewarded by the family ?
the street is a government organization at the level of level , and its expenditure is borne by fiscal appropriations .
the tax money of the taxpayer should not be used ?
on the one hand , the number of households that have withdrawn from the minimum living guarantee has proven that they have the ability to feed themselves from others , while on the other hand , the number of people applying for low - guarantee is not yet available ?
the life - saving government financial appropriations should be made available in the snow . however , not in the light of the flower .
liu is willing to serve as a service provider , and this remark is even more ritual .
on 10 july , the first national public - pushed township election town was called off by the muhe of mulan town in xindu district . after he assumed office , liu yi received the title for the fourth time of accepting the call for democracy .
at a news conference held with liu dayi , liu said that he was determined to be a chinese citizen who had served the country .
( the new beijing news yesterday )
liu qiyi 's service to others who might have been more incompetent than those appointed cadres .
the public promotion of direct election is the biggest challenge in the system of appointment , and the former is mainly decided by ordinary party members and masses , and the latter is mainly appointed by the organizations at the higher level , and the direction of the source of power determines that the former must place the responsibility for the people in the first place .
the source of power and the person responsible for the matter are the key to the success of the work .
some people doubt whether such a practice of democracy is like a ritual of democracy .
my view is that there are such things as democracy and the way of things to go , and that is better .
taking into consideration the reality of the history and current situation of china 's grassroots democratic political construction , i think that the practice of making public and promoting direct elections is a major breakthrough , and democracy is an important component part of this process . it is of no use to underestimate the efforts to promote the building of democracy at the grass - roots level .
india is expected to win the election for the first female president , analysts say the possibility of being elected is relatively high , and female voters hope that they will improve their status as women .
on 23 june , a chinese candidate was elected president by the name of the name list of candidates .
indian presidential election begins on 19 july , and the new president will be elected by the new president at the current vice president , shevardnadze , and lashstate chaikar state minister jaswant .
pawachi was the first female presidential candidate in indian history . if she was elected , she would become a ritual in india .
pascal is the head of the ruling national congress party , and shevardat is from the opposition party .
because the national congress party has won the upper hand in the presidential election , the media and the people are all around like each other and the possibility of being elected is quite great .
the 72 - year - old pachachacha is the female head of the state of jastana .
she 's a lawyer , a member of the national assembly , and a member of the national assembly , has rich experience .
she also devoted herself to social welfare , and was a result of many cultural relics and social welfare organizations .
analysts pointed out that the reason that pachachache has become a candidate is that she has been unswervingly involved in the indian national congress party chairman soekkkka .
in india , the gandhi clan has long controlled the ruling national congress party .
he was welcomed by many female voters .
the constitution stipulates that india is a federal state , and the president is the head of state and the head of state , and does not represent any party organization , more than any other party organization .
( yan wing - ling )
the united states supports the palestinian government 's expulsion of extremists
on july 22 , the staff reporter ( reporters xu qisheng )
us president bush said on 21 march that the united states will give full support to the pakistani government for organizing elite qilar and extremist elements from areas along the border between pakistan and afghanistan .
bush said in a weekly broadcast on that day that according to the new us intelligence , the bases will be built in pakistan .
he expressed great concern about this .
bush said that the united states will continue to support president musharraf , and believes musharraf will adhere to the principle of " joining the battle with the bases and armed elements . "
the " national intelligence report " recently released by the united states pointed out that the muslim armed organizations are particularly nawn geslie - - the us is still posing a threat to the united states .
mashariqa met with the leaders of some tribal factions in northern pakistan in september last year on preventing the movement of the eastern forces and the national eseab organization members ' activities .
these trifles were willing or not capable of sparing their own way to protect the security of the region .
bush 's early tape speech indicated that the musharraf is taking positive steps to correct this mistake .
the united states hopes that the dprk nuclear issue agreement will be fully implemented
on july 24 , the staff reporter ( reporter xu qisheng )
us assistant secretary of state kawaguchi has said that the six - party talks on the dprk nuclear issue will be held in beijing on 23 march , and the first meeting of the six - party talks on the dprk nuclear issue has achieved true progress , but this is only the initial action of implementing the agreement .
the united states very much hopes that the " 9.19 joint statement " on resolving the dprk nuclear issue and the " 13 february joint document " can be implemented in an all - round way .
on the same day , grehr said at a press conference that to achieve a complete solution to the dprk nuclear issue , the dprk needs to make a declaration of all its nuclear programs by the end of this year and achieve the goal of turning its nuclear facilities into functions .
he hoped that the parties concerned would reach a consensus within a year on the six - party talks on the korean nuclear issue .
hill also said that during the talks on security and energy issues , the us and the dprk and the japanese - dprk working group will also discuss separately the us - dprk bilateral relations , including the dprk 's impending issues .
the climate change has led to the rapid reduction of the ice - chill in alps
the special combat group of the pla 's july 7 th national army stationed in geneva , july 3 ( reporter liu jun )
the swiss experts have been studying the ice - chaking study and found that the weather of the elephant of switzerland was ridden on an average of 33.0 percent in 1850 to 1850 .
the cavalry alone led to the loss of the ice in alps .
experts believe that by the year 2010 , if the global temperature rises by 3 , it will be reduced by about 10 percent compared with the current figure , 5 percent higher , and 5 percent more ice and chitches .
the two countries are the largest developing countries in the world , and the two countries have become important partners in the world .
the picture is 23 km long allech ice - chitch .
liu jun
the various graft - like proposals of the beijing olympics are made by consumers of civilizations
on july 30 , the pla daily
reporter liang jie learned from the china consumers association that on 8 august , the olympic games held at the 29 th olympic games was about to begin at the first anniversary of the countdown of the national consumers association in beijing , the consumer rights and interests protection committee in shanghai , the consumer council of national planning association , the national consumers association of china , the qinhuangpu district , and the hong kong consumers ' consumer rights and interests committee in the name of the consumer protection organization in the first district
the proposal proposed that from the perspective of strengthening our sense of human olympic games , learning protocol knowledge , and enhancing civilization and practicing civilization to the standard of civilization , observing social undertakings , and doing things like knowing elt civilization ;
to enhance the sense of green olympics , protect the ecological environment , cherish the work of promoting sustainable consumption , and become a good example of green consumption .
establish a sense of diligence and thrift , change consumption concepts , make blind comparisons , oppose extravagance and waste , and become rational consumers with a scientific consumption concept ;
and enhance the awareness of protecting consumer rights , take the initiative to participate in social supervision , consciously respect and protect intellectual property rights , correctly understand rights and obligations , act as acting according to law , and act as consumers who act reasonably .
we should advocate the spirit of being energetic and should propagate the olympic concept and become a disseminator of the olympic spirit .
the police officers ' " ritual " is now celebrating the 10 th anniversary of hong kong 's return to china
on 1 july , the jinhai temple in nanjing was again knocked out and ellied .
this heavy historical repercussions have been spread through television stations to the mainland and hong kong and nanjing citizens have a deep relationship with compatriots in hong kong .
the july 1 st of the year before , the nanjing jinghai temple , which was hanging around the clock tower , was thundering the national police . it was a case of cutting the altar of the history of hong kong island by cutting the pilgrims .
no major cases of laptop in nanjing , people from all walks of life in nanjing said that it is necessary to use their own rings to make the alarm bell and always warn themselves and not to forget history .
huanqiu zhong is 1.842 meters tall and 1842.6 metres tall .
the thin face of the bell is 1.97 metres tall and the elegant of hong kong is redressed .
when the policeman 's plotting and casting man wang fengling explained that he could not get any help from the five - star elephant around zhong , the entire copper bell used the method of floating with a big fossils , two dragon lanterns , symbolizing hong kong as the oriental pearl of the motherland , and finally taehua in nanjing .
the first proposal to build the police monument was proposed by yu xiaodong , a democratic party member in the past , and said : " trothal " has been returned to hong kong for 10 years . he hopes that hong kong 's tomorrow will be like that elephant , and will not be exquisite .
( end ) zhu xiaoying , liu yang )
the russian security bureau accused the oligarchy of " plotting to launch a plot "
russian oligarchs in exile in london , bobertsovsky , a lawyer in exile in london , announced on 2 july that the russian federal security bureau has officially put forward a new accusation against his litigant , accusing him of being plotted to make national gestures and attempting to seize the russian regime by violence .
borkov pointed out that during the visit to china by berger ezovsky in april this year , when interviewed by a british newspaper guardian , he was prepared to start a court ellier in russia , and confirmed that he was making a donation to the right - wing elite representative of the opposition authorities ' policy .
the russian federal security bureau 's reconnaissance bureau immediately issued a warning in accordance with article 278 of the " criminal law of the russian federation " to stirring up violence and misappropriating other people 's interests . recently , it officially filed a suit with the moscow sarvieviy court .
it is understood that in february 2006 , the federation 's general procuratorate proposed a criminal case against him . based on the legal basis of the " exile exile " who was also verified in an interview that he was attempting to seize the russian regime by force .
the bobo has been in exile abroad and is not extradited . in january 2007 , russia temporarily suspended the investigation of the case .
on 2 july moscow 's salvador court began to try the case of another case of exile .
the berger believes these are all things like rhythm , which is unequivocal prohibition on its own lawyer 's participation in activities .
( bi yuan )
guangxi 's graft - duty posts are subject to administrative efficiency supervision 619 people are held accountable
since the beginning of this year , all localities and departments in guangxi have carried out activities to change the work style of cadres and strengthen the building of administrative efficiency , and have instituted a system of investigating and affixing responsibility when the time limit of the work of collecting administrative charges , and 33 autonomous regions have focused on examination and approval departments directly under the autonomous region have been included in the administrative efficiency supervision network .
up to now , 619 people have been held responsible for the case .
the reporter learned from the discipline inspection commission of the autonomous region on 5 july that currently , guangxi has initially formed a " three - in - one " administrative supervision network in xingshan county , and has strengthened supervision over key departments ' responsibilities in their work posts . the work of the 14 electronic supervision system has been completely connected to the autonomous region .
the regional government 's electronic supervision system directly connects the areas with the areas that involve the investment environment and the production and livelihood of the people , and the departments directly directly under the autonomous region will examine and approve the department 's responsibilities . it will further regulate the examination and approval behavior and improve the efficiency of examination and approval .
at the same time , discipline inspection and supervision organs at all levels in guangxi have seriously investigated and handled cases involving the work style of harming the interests of the masses . up to now , they have investigated and verified 769 cases , and cracked 584 cases involving 619 cases involving units .
the standing committee of the party committee and secretary of the discipline inspection commission ma qie said that administrative efficiency supervision is a work that has always been in keeping with administrative activities and should be gradually formed .
guangxi should further improve and standardize the various administrative management systems , establish and perfect administrative efficiency supervision mechanisms , and strengthen the mechanism and guarantee mechanisms , and integrate the work efficiency supervision with the track of institutionalization and standardization , further standardize the supervision and inspection procedures , and improve the mechanism for handling complaints and evaluating achievements , and intensify the investigation of responsibility , so as to ensure the first responsibility system for the responsibility system and the responsibility system .
china 's economy has grown rapidly in recent years , said a senior official with the chinese government here tuesday .
nato does not rule out the possibility of having any cooperation with the united states on the issue of the anti - missile system
nato information minister simont manaso said on 9 november in an exclusive interview with xinhua that the possibility of linking the us anti - missile system to nato 's own defense system may not be ruled out .
simona de manasa said that nato is currently studying the us anti - missile plan , hoping that the us anti - missile bases will be covered by all european allies .
she said nato has its own theater missile defense system , and has started to discuss the establishment of a strategic missile defense system , and has pushed the us anti - missile system into a new stage of development , not to be connected with nato 's own defense system .
she also said that the question of the us establishing an anti - ballistic missile system in europe will be discussed by nato through various channels in a timely manner .
the chinese government has decided to provide assistance to the united states to help the country 's economy develop in a healthy and stable manner , said a senior chinese official here tuesday .
two jordanian people arrested for plotting attacks on americans
two jordanian men jailed for plotting an attack on us in jordan on 11 september , the jordanian national security court sentenced him to death .
the two men , aged 25 , were all arrested in a hospital in shawataihe , where they were found to have been detained for eight years .
the court said that the three suspects were also charged with illegal possession of suspected heroin in a search of his elephant .
the court originally decided to sentenced hu - ta to life imprisonment and considered the possibility of making a transit through the country .
the indictment said that the two defendants had decided to provide a " gray " for those who were tortured by the americans to humiliate muslims , and then planned to attack the americans living in jordan .
in august 2006 , they discovered a girl in the jordanian capital of anc .
the indictment did not make public the name of this american .
the indictment also accused the two defendants of attacking other americans , but they did not reveal the specific details .
the chinese government has decided to provide a new round of the six - party talks on the nuclear issue on the korean peninsula , said a senior chinese official here tuesday .
diabetes ' drug cause has led to a big increase in the number of reports that have led to bad reaction .
according to a report by the us media on 15 june , the heart attack caused by the anti - diabetes drug , such as heart attack , has recently shown a sharp rise in the united states .
the us food and drug administration released the safety warning in may this year , suggesting that diabetes patients should be cautious in using the language diabetes because scientists will publish a publication of the may new type medicine magazine on 21 may , which says that this kind of cheap medicine will greatly increase the incidence of heart diseases and alzheimer diseases and alzheimer diseases .
the ritual of clerks has been closely watched by doctors and patients .
statistics show that in the event of a month after the warning , the us drug administration received a total of 357 calls , of which 357 were caused by undesirable reactions , of which 38 were reported to death .
in january and february this year , the drugs administration only received a total of 50 and 73 complaints .
these bad reactions have been roughly brought up by water , and have been weighed down to death with heart disease sudden death .
however , the us drug administration expert believes that the current drug ingredient is not safe .
the council will hold a meeting on july 30 to discuss the possibility of making a fortune - telling hearing on wine and elegant .
in 1999 , huanqiu wendi was a pancreas for increasing its alloy allergy and applicable to curing estaemia .
there are about 6 million diabetes patients in the world who have taken or are taking paediatric diabetes .
the rituals of vincent siew , the british company , has always believed that vincent siew is safe and that the patient is more than the hacker .
the united states is trying to resume peace talks in the middle east
us president bush issued a speech in washington on 16 june , calling on the united states to hold a meeting on the palestine - israel issue this fall , inviting israel to muster some arab countries and other relevant countries in the vicinity of palestine , in order to jointly promote the resumption of the middle east peace process .
on 17 july , bush also separately made phone calls to egyptian president mubarak , king mubarak of jordan , and king of saudi arabia , asking them to respond positively to the proposal and to take practical action to support abbas , president of the palestinian national authority , to help palestine and israel resume peace talks at an early date .
abbas says central committee of the palestinian liberation organization will discuss the issue of palestinian elections ahead of schedule
the president of the palestinian national authority , abbas , said in ramallah on 18 april that the palestinian liberation organization ( plo ) central committee will hold a two - day meeting on the same day to discuss the holding of a palestinian national authority and a legislative committee elections ahead of schedule .
abbas said on the same day that he met with eu foreign and security affairs minister jean - claude and held talks with the eu 's senior representative for foreign and security affairs .
at the same time , abbas has also expressed his satisfaction with the relations between the palestinian national authority and the eu .
he said : pakistan welcomes the eu 's positive response to the palestinian president 's government .
abbas urges eu to continue to provide humanitarian aid to the palestinian people in gaza .
vajpayee reiterated the eu 's support for abbas and the palestinian people .
he said : the situation in the middle east has echoed the views of the united states and russia , and will hold a meeting on 19 july to discuss the issue of restarting the middle east peace process . in the next few days , there may be proposals .
the eu has expressed its concern over the deployment of international forces in gaza , but it still needs to hold discussions with other parties , especially the united nations , on the issue .
china 's ministry of foreign affairs ( mfa ) said here tuesday that it is expected to increase its imports from the united states by the year 2010 .
jiangxi will provide rural villages with a 30 - year - long public health talent award
for a long time , a large number of professional and technical personnel in public health have been sent to rural areas , thus making important contributions to the health of the grassroots and the peasants and the health of the masses .
jiangxi province recently decided to carry out a special investigation on the case of a case of drug - related personnel who have been discharged from rural areas for 30 years .
according to the jiangxi provincial health department , the number of rural hospitals run by the government has increased from 300,000 to 35,000 , and the number of such laboratories has increased from 60,000 to 1,500 .
the first batch of confirmed final calculations were at the end of july .
the state council has decided to provide the rural health personnel with training in addition to the certificate of merit award for 30 years of rural health work , as well as the award for the national title of qualified personnel in examination and approval of the national examination and approval .
senior supernumerary examination and examination will be conducted in a way that is based mainly on actual work capability , and the conditions for research papers and theses will be appropriately relaxed , and the qualification of examination will be exempted .
the jiangxi provincial health department will arrange a certain number of places to vacate each year and provide certain funding .
beginning this year , jiangxi province will carry out a series of special campaigns to crack down on drug trafficking in rural areas for 30 years , including the recommendation of the award for the year of awards .
china 's economy has grown rapidly in recent years , said a senior official with the chinese government here tuesday .
the us defense department reconsidered reducing us troops in europe
us defense department officials said on 23 march that due to the iraq war and changes in the world situation , the us defense department is reconsidering the plan to cut the number of us troops stationed in europe by about half .
the us media quoted a defense official as saying that because of the iraq war , the united states has not yet decided to withdraw its military forces from iraq because of the worsening of relations between the united states and russia and iran .
he was then defense secretary rumsfeld announced that the united states would deploy the nmd system in europe by 2012 , from the original 11.7 - million people to 7,000 people .
at present , the total us forces in europe and the united states have been reduced to such places .
however , in june this year , us military commander rituk sent a report to the current defense minister , asking for questions about the reduction plan .
the report said that the us troops stationed in europe and the united states have been reduced , and many troops have been transferred to combat in iraq and afghanistan in turn , causing the shortage of us troops in europe and the unusual unrest of the us troops in europe .
the report suggests that the reduction of us forces in europe be stopped .
relevant us experts believe that the above phenomena show that the iraq war has long been dragged off and the original plan of the us military has been disrupted .
china 's economy has grown rapidly in recent years , said a senior official with the ministry of agriculture here tuesday .
the " three stresses " education conducted in guanzhou , shandong , has entered the work site for the production of safe films .
renmin wang , july 26 ( reporter song xuechun ) fan zhongchun , a cadre at the national people 's congress [ npc ] standing committee ,
to further deepen the reform of the city 's civilization , make the city more convenient , and enhance the public 's awareness of the rule of law and the awareness of traffic safety , and enhance their consciousness of observing the law , the city has built three major lines of trunk , including the city of luozhou , the city people 's square in jiachuan square , the jiacheli square , and the nanshan city of jinhua city , and the jinhua city of jinhua
in the face of the fact that the movie was printed by the " elegant protection " brigade that was printed before the film started ,
in the film , the scene caused great suspicion among the public .
in particular , the " road to school " special topic has been shown in the form of a comeback , and has made it easy to understand and love it . it has also received profound education .
the film attracted the attention of over 3,000 residents around the square , especially the people who came to the lianzhou city and migrant workers , all sat at in the central part of the venue to watch with great relish .
by sending transportation safety films into communities ( like sparkling ) to conduct construction activities , the vast number of people have become more and more enthusiastic in the movie .
china 's catering industry to gradually implement health supervision system
to better implement the " food hygiene law , " and the state council 's " decision on further strengthening food safety work , " the ministry of health has separately issued a circular on strengthening the work of preventing and controlling bird flu in haidian district , taizhou city , yushishishidui city , hangzhou city , henan province , and zhai ' ai third in zhejiang province , qipai third in sichuan province , and shijie shijie [ name as transliterated ] in sichuan province .
this system will also be gradually introduced to the whole country .
the food and beverage supervision and public notification system is a system of supervision and management of the food and beverage units on the basis of routine supervision . the management system of the sanitary managerial personnel of the national department of health proves the quality of food and labels that labels the process of the processing of food processing , and the environment of the processing of the catering and beverage , the cleaning of the catering , the cleaning of the main
according to the briefing , the public health directory will adopt the pattern of unity and the pattern stipulated by the ministry of health , including the results of on - site inspections of the hygiene conditions of nine items . the results of comprehensive evaluation of the results of the inspection will be concluded , the name of the regulator , and the number of complaints and complaints from customers . the numbers will be posted at the entrance of the gateway or entrance of the customer to the entrance to the entrance , to
the chinese government has decided to provide a guarantee of the supply of food and clothing to the country 's enterprises , said a senior chinese official here tuesday .
the security council has decided to extend the term of office of the peacekeeping troops in egypt
the un security council unanimously adopted a resolution on 30 june , agreeing to extend the un peacekeeping troops stationed in ecuador and ecuador to the united nations for a period of six months to january next year .
the resolution requires all parties concerned to carry out their commitments , exercise restraint , ease the tense situation , and avoid provoking military activities , and call on eritrea to immediately deploy its troops and military equipment from the provisional security zone , calling on them to reduce the number of recently deployed military and civilian vessels near the provisional security zone .
the resolution requires that the government take immediate steps to ensure that the eritrean border committee will be able to quickly set the border without any condition , and demands eritrea no longer to be excluded from the extradition of the ereitrean rituals and operations .
the resolution reiterated its full support for the work of the eritrean border commission and expressed its appreciation for the decision made by the committee to hold a meeting with eritrea in new york on 6 september .
in 1998 , eritrea and erosion broke out in the border , causing many deaths .
in june 2000 , egypt and ecuador signed a cease - fire agreement in the algerian capital algiers .
the united nations began to hold a military exercise along the ethiopian border in july 2001 to oversee the implementation of the cease - fire agreement between the two countries .
china 's ministry of agriculture said here tuesday that it is necessary to strengthen cooperation with the united states in the field of energy and environmental protection
the national sports meet in the chinese olympic games
the reporters learned from the chengdu military region on 30 june that
xing xingpei and tian yueluo report : to implement the party central committee 's instructions on building a harmonious society and to coordinate with the building of new socialist rural areas , the entire people are both mobilized to meet the theme of the olympic games , enrich cultural and sports life of the masses , and greet the olympic games in the national county - level national dance competition .
the six - day event attracted over 100 athletes from all over the country .
according to the regulations , athletes participating in this competition must be athletes who are young age 18 or above .
all the 2006 year 2006 lunar year sports competitions will be held in the national sports administration center of the state sports general administration .
the competition was held in the newly approved " junk rules " and " dance rules " of the competition , which are divided into two stages .
the competition was jointly sponsored by the state administration of sports management center and the china national association of mayors , the china international sports travel company , and others .
in recent years , the two historical counties with ancient civilization and sports have developed rapidly . the two cultural undertakings have won the title of national sports and national sports national hones and the national advanced units in sports .
in particular , in the new rural construction , double - circulation counties vigorously carried out the construction of the rural sports by popularizing the construction of sports facilities and the beautification of rural areas by making the green of the elegant and building the stadium in rural areas , and building it around the peasants , so that the sports service system will cover rural areas and actively promote and carry out activities of planting trees and dense flowers of local farmers with local characteristics .
the three major functions of modern military service
first , it is to identify functions .
differentiating between different armed services and civilian branches of the armed forces of different countries and among the people ,
in the world , the world 's largest and more military , although the military uniform is basically used in the same way , there are no two countries ' armed forces ' uniforms .
second , it symbolizes functions .
to a certain extent , military uniforms are the spiritual outlook of a nation and are characteristic of a nation , and also the spiritual backbone of a country 's military in fighting .
in the courtyard of the elder , he was often promoted to the class of three big military uniforms , and was most able to fully display the prestige of the army . he was like a ritual .
third , the function of protection .
with the development of new and high - tech weapons and equipment , the improvement of the comprehensive protection capability of new - type combat uniforms has the characteristics of preventing and detecting chemical eships from chemical defense syndrome , and the improvement of the temperature and the terrain of such things as growing and making echo - adjustment , etc. , it has become the most important issue in the development of military uniforms .
( shi wei )
the party committee organs of a certain brigade dared to handle the problem from the perspective of the truth
on july 3 , the pla daily
the case of wu ruili , a native of ruili , was not known to all .
today , a certain communications training brigade of the chengdu military region has been relocated to work in all its cadres . they are all joy and shy about the party committee of the great team of party committee members . they are brave enough to solve the problem by tackling the problem . they are full of admiration and admiration .
a few years ago , the number of people like this group was increasing .
the brigade also made several clean - up trips to the area because of various obstructions . this made the unit concerned a very difficult problem .
to make a mistake , we should be brave to do things , and never solve problems .
the new party committee group reached a consensus , and the principal leaders personally went to work to inspect all the housing - related problems that had been violated .
they were martial arts , sowing , and hoping that the personnel concerned would not be allowed to make any trouble , while others talked about how to increase the money - raising money of the army 's housing construction and applicable housing . this shows the party committee 's firm determination and principled stand .
for those who have housing or housing in other places , they are unwilling to leave their housing units , and the party committee organs have promptly contacted their units to make arrangements for the housing construction .
after two months of meticulous work , the entire mud in violation of regulations has been completely sold to households in violation of regulations , and the working cadres of the brigade have been assigned to housing according to regulations .
the party committee of the brigade was brave in tackling tough problems and had also produced a stirring effect . the original several units that were unwilling to actively cooperate with the organization in distributing the organization have also expressed their willingness to obey the decision of the organization .
npc vice chairman meets bangladesh guests
on july 9 , the pla daily
reporter zhang shun reported : yu zhenyao , commander of the air force of the central military commission , met in beijing today with general chi qilai , chief of staff of the bangladesh air force .
qiao qingchen said : the two countries have made great progress in their relations since the establishment of diplomatic ties , and high - level exchanges have been frequent , and friendly exchanges and cooperation have been constantly strengthened in all fields .
the two countries have always supported each other in international affairs and in their national construction .
china appreciates and thanks bangladesh for its support to china on issues such as human rights in taiwan and tibet .
qiao qingchen said that the chinese armed forces value the friendly relations with the bangladesh armed forces and hope that with the joint efforts of both sides , the friendly cooperation between the two armed forces will be further expanded , and the friendly exchanges and cooperation between the air forces of the two countries will be strengthened , so as to raise the friendly and cooperative relations between the two armed forces to a new level .
the two sides will continue to strengthen cooperation in the fields of economy , trade , culture , education , culture , education , culture and education , and will make positive efforts to further develop the friendly exchanges and cooperation between the two armed forces , especially the air forces .
he reiterated that the bangladesh government will , as always , adhere to the one - china policy .
before the meeting , qiao qingchen held a welcoming ceremony for the visit .
zou arrived here on sunday for a four - day official visit at the invitation of qiao qingchen .
the 2007 military uniform designer will be the guest of the chinese military net
on july 13 , the pla navy 's yang baojin reporters liu xinxin reported that all troops of the armed forces will be replaced one after another with the 07 - style military uniforms beginning august 1 .
this evening , the chinese military net specially invited military goods from elsewhere to be shipped by chen jun , deputy director of the armament department , and senior engineer of the equipment research institute of the army needed to be stationed .
the two guests are honorable guests from the design of the 07 military uniform .
on the new military uniform changes , they have introduced the new military uniform of the military uniform which is like a trawler and elegant , especially a 97 - type military uniform . they have made a big stride in military uniforms , such as the type of terse - shaped national pattern , and so on .
the 7 - type military uniform is the most characteristic of the military uniform , which has the functions of making the nation 's functions known to the public , and has enabled the military uniform to reach the standard of the three armed services ' coordinated variety of varieties of the three armed services , indicating that the level of army uniform development has taken a historic leap .
the two guests also exchanged views on the varieties of new military uniforms , such as the " no - fly " type , and other issues .
this time , the spark was jointly built by the chinese army 's net and the new wave net of china 's newest .
jingjiang city people 's armed forces have upgraded their platform to improve the quality of professionals in military skills
the reporters learned from the ministry of public security that the " three stresses " education in jingjiang city , jiangsu province , was recently organized and organized by the xiilai town armed forces department , and the " three stresses " education conducted by army chief lu yuqing .
this is the result of the laptop department 's actual work post to cadres who are specialized in military skills , and efforts to improve the overall quality of professionals and military professionals .
early this year , the party committee of the people 's armed forces department discovered in its investigation and study at the grassroots level that some cadres of special - purpose military skills had been promoted to leading positions and were also promoted at the same time , and that they did not focus their attention on armed work .
to this end , they have adopted the method of training in a concentrated way , such as training in party schools in localities , and conducted training on specialized wu cadres at regular intervals , and have focused on solving problems like the lack of knowledge and superb skills among the cadres in specialized arms .
in connection with the central work , we should boldly carry out tasks for cadres with special skills , such as tempering them at posts and improving their ability to work at posts .
at the same time , they actively coordinate local organization departments and jointly formulated the " regulations on the competitive appointment of cadres with specialized skills " , clearly stipulating that the minister of the armed forces must enter the leading body of the party committee and stop other posts .
and established a mechanism for adjusting and exchanging cadres with specialized skills , and made no effort to adapt to the needs of the armed forces work at the grass - roots level , adjust and exchange in a timely manner , and make sure that comrades with strong overall quality and ability can work well .
not long ago , the new century 's armed forces department director chen yisong led the militia technical detachment to carry out the underwater rings of domestic rock vessels , which were upgraded to the company 's armed forces department .
good will first be done well .
the result of the competition alone was 2 - 2 , 2 - 2 , a reasonable , and also a point that could be accepted . the key is that the process of the competition is a process , and how many people feel regret .
if iran 's team is 2 - 0 , then it will be a point - equating , then it will bring china 's epitome .
good will never end . it can be said that a big problem is old .
the frequent occurrence of cases is caused by the situation .
this is indeed a case of failure to properly handle the situation .
however , from today 's competition , the two - star red team is not the only one .
sun jialu , sun jialu , zheng jiachi and others were kidnapped in europe .
regrettably , this was forced by the iranian team to calm down , because it was probably a time when the battle was going to be fought and reformed .
the iranian team is in a backward condition , and the two are in a position to get something like that .
the half of the game also changed three famous , and the results were not good .
we must not be good at the beginning but must find the right problem to the root of the problem .
as long as the problems are accurately identified and the existing methods are not solved , it is not difficult to find them .
fear of being anxious to seek medical treatment in a hurry .
if this goes on , the rock will be more competitions , and the problem will still be committed .
the ministry of public security has sent a group of two honorary robberies to the guangdong border defense hospital .
the shenzhen special economic zone of the pla yesterday
li guoliang reported that for many years , guangdong 's border defense corps hospital has played a positive role in ensuring medical support for its troops . meanwhile , it has spared no effort to help the masses in difficulties . it has also made a lot of effort to help them .
this morning , the ministry of public security gave a collective diary to the guangdong border defense hospital , the second national congress of the chinese people 's political consultative conference , and the advanced deeds of supporting the government and cherishing the people .
the guangdong border defense corps hospital , with the aim of building a harmonious society , has successively discovered the " three major " cases of the three major " special disease " hospitals in shenzhen , which are specially designed to deal with migrant workers at the flat prices , and the fees for medical consultation by foreign workers .
the hospital specially equipped a large trunk truck , free takeoff of peasant workers , and also introduced a new type of health service card for peasant workers , and muiter only takes seven yuan per month to enjoy 12 basic medical treatment for elephant and other health care .
this will help the people to get a better understanding of the situation and help them find jobs .
from the start of rituals , the hospital also started a series of large - scale chart activities , including the tipping of large - scale charitable lfire , eight times organizing medical personnel to go to the eastern region of the echelons in jiangxi province , qinghai , etc. to send them to the guangming region health clinics free of charge , and these patients have been able to carry out the three hundred internal surgery surgery .
the armed police force started to exchange for the 2007 - 07 costume costume costume on august 1 .
on july 19 , the pla navy 's zhoufeng reporters zhang jianfeng reported that the armed police force will start to carry out a series of training courses on the 07 - type costumes starting august 1 .
today , this reporter learned from the work of distributing clothing in the 07 - style clothes of the armed police force and the assembly of assembling things that have been exchanged for seven types of costumes , such as batting of rings in the batons of four big strains of celsius .
garments are made up of existing olive green refineries , which are located in the dark green , green , and pants .
the female officers and soldiers were racking in eaves and hats , and the winter uniforms were changed from guan feng to tang dynasty , and the traditional chinese style of sleepers like spring and autumn goujuger was often used in the countryside .
the new name list will be added to the national defense enlisting rules and blue blue ribbon , as well as the new national defense elegant citroe .
the armed police force 07 costumes will be replaced in three years .
on august 1 , 2007 , the pla forces will be stationed in qilar and other national flag squeezing military orchestras and cultural orphans , and the elapsing of cadres and officers stationed in the beijing region will be replaced by spring and autumn festival soldiers .
hugang junbo , another soldier in the military , was often burned to death by torrential elings .
the october season for the winter torrential eletail was often dressed .
december 9 , 2009 , the soldiers will be replaced by winter usual uniforms .
the work of recruiting officers and men through labor has been gradually replaced by the season .
a certain base of the second artillery corps , which is located in the northwestern region of tailort and coordination , began to operate
this reporter learned from xue jianjian , a reporter from the national defense university that the small and remote units ' educational organization has been unable to get involved in all battles , and will be able to win a war in a certain base of the second artillery corps .
the reporter recently learned that after six months of trial - point work , the base issued the " outline for implementing the ' program for implementing ideological and political education ' " and covered all small , scattered , and directly subordinate units in the base .
in order to promote the implementation of the " program for ideological and political education , " the base organized its forces to conduct a comprehensive and thorough investigation of the current situation of ideological and political education in small , scattered , and directly administered units at the beginning of this year , and to influence and restrain the educational time from being unable to achieve results in such a new model of education .
the specific approach to the co - operation zone is to break the demarcation line between units and to establish a special zone in the area where small , remote , and centralized film - making units at the brigade level are designated , and to conduct unified planning for the education on theme . units that are subordinate to the relationship are close to the stage to listen to or use the same system to discuss .
adopt the method of competing for posts by sloping and competing to allocate educational resources , and allocate educational resources in a unified way , the data of all units in the area , the collection of educational experience , the organization of regional model roving reports , and the exchange of officers and soldiers in the study of such cases .
each co - ordinated area has set up educational and educational information collection centers and educational centers .
on this basis , the various cooperative areas have established a difficult situation to help solve major problems and education has elicited the emergency ideological situation and the system of reporting and assessing the results of such cases .
zhang xuemin , director of the base political department , told this reporter that establishing a political education cooperation zone has reduced the waste of educational resources and deepened the educational results .
some political slams are afraid of losing face to officers and soldiers in other units , and they take the initiative to learn new knowledge and new methods of education .
officers and soldiers who receive education also actively taught the contents of education , and fear that when discussing and analyzing the problems , they would speak out outside the borders .
such as prostitution , rituals , and appeals have been effectively stimulated .
a certain north sea fleet squadron has been sent to soldiers .
the reporters of the pla 's zhang junhong liu hongjun reported : on 17 july , a certain group of elite engineers of the north china sea fleet led by zhang weiliang , deputy chief of general staff of the brigade , who had long worked at the frontline engineer for a long time , went to beidaihe train on the 17th .
the six - grade noncommissioned officer luo xiangming happily told this reporter : leaders of the brigade are concerned about and cherish the soldiers , and we are greatly moved by the fact that we are returning home . after we are back , we will certainly make efforts to work hard !
organize grass - roots soldiers to work in this brigade for the first time .
not long ago , yao qingsheng went deep into the grass roots to see that some fighters who are in charge of work have been engaged in equipment maintenance work , causing yao qingsheng to be deeply moved .
the soldiers forgot their work , and the party committee should show concern for and protect the soldiers ' health .
after studying the matter , the party committee decided to assign the higher level to the brigade the number of college graduates to all the soldiers working on the forefront of the movement .
the affairs of a unit in jinan city have not been overheated
this reporter :
wang weiqin , director of the central military commission , made a special report on 25 july . on 25 july , the author saw a group of " falungong " practitioners who had tendered bidding for construction projects by the troops and the promotion of the noncommissioned officers to join the party , among other important public showcases , such as the promotion of senior nco 's joining the party .
according to su chengsen , political commissar of the pla general political department , this is a major measure taken by the ministry to promote the system of openness in government affairs .
the party committee of this unit has made important contributions to strengthening party conduct and ethical governance construction , formulated the " code of conduct for grassroots organizations to supervise sensitive issues , " and demanded that all units and individuals involved in major issues involving the immediate interests of officers and soldiers and the building of the troops be decided upon after listening to the opinions of officers and soldiers . the result of these cases will be made public by reference to standard procedures and procedures .
the troops have set up a number of extorting columns , opened trunk cings on the spot , and extensively collected opinions and suggestions from all .
at the beginning of the year , soldiers ' dormitory renovation and transformation project started off , party committee organs extensively solicited opinions from officers and soldiers , and then issued a bidding information and put into practice open bidding .
it has saved the money and won the support of officers and soldiers .
the work of making things transparent and fair has given impetus to the formation of a good atmosphere in the grassroots .
in this army , the grassroots companies , whether they are big or small , or have been determined by their personal elsewhere , or are not known to all , such things as personal vacation and idling , have all insisted on making public regularly and announcing them , and consciously subject themselves to mass supervision .
( international ) study shows that property debris and other genes
xinhua news agency , july 2 , london - iceland scientists discovered that two types of genes have been infected by bird flu , and the risk of debris is far higher than ordinary people .
according to the latest issue of " nature " magazine , the caitetaeper of the relapse of the relics company conducted a study on the export of ivory from iceland to the united states and several thousand people in hong kong , china , and obtained the above discovery .
the two types of genes and carcinogation have been found to have important role in the early stage of the heart .
the house was shaking and the heart was the most serious of the clinical phenomena .
according to the " natural science " report published on 1 july , the " elegant " magazine extorted the name of the " genetic " study personnel of the leslie genetic group 17 of mankind .
the study also found that one of the genes is a new type of genes that are currently in the process of raising the risk of precursor cancer .
us veteran gear to meet with us president
xinhua news agency , marathon , july 3 ( by liu jian ) - - - the maldives ( venezuela ) - - the maldives of the united states , which has been under the leadership of the chinese communist party ,
the venezuelan media reported on the 3rd that 37 - year - old veteran player keler was interviewed here . he said that if the american cup is unable to find the suitable club valve , he will be able to choose to retire .
juggling if the us cup finals are over for four to six weeks , i cannot get high level ritings from a 1 - 2 team .
with the rise of the city of xinggrad , the team fell into germany , and keller also left the team with two men who had a good effect .
although keller was very happy to get his hand , he was forced to run the government .
however , this veteran who had once served the english and german festive trawler in xichang said that he finally had to choose the right to depend on the family and the children of my family .
at the gold cup competition that ended not long ago , keler played an outstanding role and helped him win the championship .
the american cup , which is still the coach , has been won by the head coach , bradley , but nye 's fists are hard to attack the opponents , and the young man who was picking up the army by the army is not at all like the barparaguay of argentina and paraguay , and the two matches are all controlled by him seven times .
the next round of the game against columbia is very likely to be the match between the team and kelle in the american cup final .
china , darberly martial arts end in august
xinhua news agency , ottawa , july 27 , a report by canada 's " global post " said that after eight years of efforts , canada 's jittery company ( black rawies ) has been listed as a " smart cell phone " in china . it has been the first batch of black - strawberries in china in august .
the managing director of the city of juxingyi , geli , said that he would visit china 's beilaihe and other major cities in china to introduce black strawberry mobile phone service to business customers .
the " global post " quoted a case of a senior manager of the beijing office as saying that the black strawberry 87g type of intelligent cell phone will land in the chinese market at the end of august , with a price of about $ 700 . it has received 5,000 orders .
" we are very concerned about the death of rituals in rituals last week , " said peter geley .
according to statistics , in the first quarter of this year , the number of black trawberries increased by 1.2 - million , with the total number of users reaching 9,000 .
spain : husband mongkok killing wife
shanjo , july 7 ( xinhua ) a woman in spain was attacked by a ritual , and in the midst of fighting , she dragged away a masks of the face , and discovered that the married man was her own husband , and the police had arrested him .
according to local media reports on the 6th , the woman was kidnapped by a woman in a bandaria city .
one day , a man with a black rock in the monk store , she thought that it was a bandit , and then told him to take money out from his drawer .
but the man did not take money , but pinned the woman 's neck .
she wanted to use the method of assembling to death to transport her , but the man was not put off , or was it kicking her neck .
in the struggle , the woman was dragged down the face , but she could not find that person was actually a girl .
the assailants have been arrested by the police .
the victim told the media that she was not so emotional , and her husband and her husband were in the process of divorce . they had two children .
the 13 pilots resigned from the wuhan company of the dongairlines to demand compensation for more than 100 million yuan
wuhan , july 11 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a special economic zone in the country
13 pilots have asked for resignation , and the huaqiao dongfang aviation wuhan limited liability company has opened up as high as 105 - million yuan to compensate the losses . this is the largest amount of compensation to date in hubei province .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee is currently investigating the case .
in may this year , 13 east china airlines ' pilots successively put forward their resignation , and were rejected by the company .
later , the pilot successively reported to the hubei labor dispute arbitration committee in early june , asking for an adjudication to terminate the labor dispute with the donghang company .
the wuhan company of dongaviation has received a notice to lodge an appeal , asking 13 pilots to explain to the company their violation of labor contracts and lift their labor contracts .
it is understood that the pilots ' agreement with the dongairlines is the contracts of unlimited time labor contracts , except those of the conditions to be terminated or conditions to be lifted , and the labor contract effect will continue until the legal age of the pilot is retirement .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee has filed an appeal and rejected the appeals and appeals of the cases , and is expected to conclude the trial before august 8 .
germany urges russia to return to nuclear test ban as soon as possible
xinhua news agency , july 12 , riga ( by yang dehong ) - - germany foreign minister schusemini , who is currently visiting china , called on the russian side to pass the larsk border treaty as soon as possible .
steinmer said that he had a wide range of meetings with foreign minister pawns on the same day . the two sides mainly discussed relations between radade and cooperation between the european union , and exchanged views on the relations between the two countries and the development of relations between the eu and russia .
at the news conference held after the talks , schroeder called on russia to resolve the issue as soon as possible through the larsen border treaty .
steinmeier said that the entire eper of the country and russia improved relations is the same .
on 27 march this year , after a decade of negotiations , the nation 's prime minister karimov and the russian prime minister jitsu kawakov signed the " agreement on border issues " in moscow .
on 17 may , the latin american parliament passed the lavrov border treaty .
according to reports by the media , the russian parliament will conduct a vote on the treaty in the near future .
dprk , rok to hold sixth round of talks beijing , nov. 8
pyongyang , july 16 ( xinhua ) the democratic people 's republic of korea ( dprk ) has decided to establish a new government in the country 's economic development
the military representatives of the dprk and the rok held a military talks on 16 february in panmunjon , and the two sides decided to hold the sixth round of talks between 24 and 26 february .
according to a report by the yonhap news agency , the dprk military representative was involved in the contact that day .
he said that establishing a common area requires the implementation of the principle of seeking national common prosperity and common prosperity to the maximum extent and the need to ensure peace and stability .
in discussing the bilateral relations , pak lin - su said : the two sides have established a maritime boundary , and in order to prevent military conflicts in the western waters , the two sides should give up their respective maritime boundaries , recognize and respect each other , and hand over the dprk - rok - related agreements to the dprk and the rok as well as the international - recognized international agreement on the northwestern waters .
he said that the formulation of military support measures in a timely manner to promote the cooperation and exchange between the dprk and the rok is a consistent stand upheld by the military in the dprk .
he said : the rok side should be militarily taking measures to ensure the dprk 's non - governmental ships can proceed from haizhou port to hong kong and go to the south , and the dprk 's ships can pass through the strait of cheju .
this is the second meeting between the dprk and the rok in the near future after 10 february .
the fifth north - south korean talks were held in seoul from 8 to 11 may .
( international ) modern cars denies intending to purchase wolfowitz
seoul , july 18 ( xinhua ) the ministry of foreign trade and economic cooperation ( moftec ) said on wednesday that it has no intention to purchase wolfowitz or any brand under the flag of the company .
the sunday times reported that the " sunday times " and the new york times both reported that the elephant might sell wolfowitz .
the sunday times reported that the " sunday times " also claimed in their reports that the korean hyundai motor company is the potential of wolfowitz .
" the new round of talks will be held in the future , " said a spokesman for the modern automobile company .
in 1999 , 6,450 - million us dollars worth of smuggled goods from wolfoworo group in sweden .
at present , wolfowitz and luhu are all under the control of the leading car group ( ritc ) .
in march this year , the amount of money owed by the government to sell off the national flag of the nation under the tidal flag , and last month , it also indicated that it was considering selling the tiger and the kritty .
cuba 's ritual ritual rituals in russell
xinhua news agency , rio de janeiro , july 21 ( reporters chen weihua and huitong )
the cuban delegation on 21 march held a boxing fight in the pan - american games . it will be a major event in the standard of boxing .
according to the rules of international fists , the fists of rock shoots at taiwan should be 6.1 meters , but the ropes of the ropes are not completely eliminated by the fists of the cuban delegation .
" the rattling of the mud has been submitted to the government because the matter is not an issue affecting the country of cuba , but is an issue that involves all people .
it 's too short to affect the fists ' evasion of the movement .
he also said : " the situation of the rings of the rings cannot meet the olympic standards . "
as early as we know , we have brought from cuba .
the mexican and colombian delegations also expressed their support for the boxing ropes on the same day .
columbia fist , juan dobrius , though the first battle has won the victory , he said : although i 'm going to win the first game , i will not be able to beat the taiwan .
the big white rabbit sugar has resumed export orders
shanghai , july 24 ( xinhua ) the national sports association of china ( wfp ) and the china national cultural and art university ( cnc ) have learned from the jingsheng park ( group ) company ltd. that the dabaoy dabbit sugar has been resumed recently , and quite a number of overseas chinese have successively demanded orders .
the guanshengli mountain in singapore , the fujin company , mr lin qingrong , called the corp group a few days ago that because the agricultural grain and the rituals in singapore are not as good as the results of the large - scale rabbit dull sugar testing , they can be sold in the market normally , and therefore demand that the order be made .
the malaysian rituer company of guansheng garden said that it was asking guansheng garden to transmit one large cake rabbit dull from shanghai to malaysia .
the guantanao park has a history of over 100 years of history by calling guansheng trading company limited , the hong kong food safety centre , which is taking large white rabbit dairy samples from hong kong , and has been confirmed by laboratory tests that there is no formaldehyde .
the five - point trading company has received a request from the hong kong huark to decide to sell more than 100 eggs in hong kong to sell the big blizzard dabbit desture .
it was learned that the first - class trawler of the ten big rabbit dull dull at the port of jiashi has gradually resumed exports .
at present , seven containers are in the sea , and the dull dairy is now handing over to singapore elegant ritawu malaysia , king gyanendra of india , and other countries .
( international ) explosions in britain threaten british bombs
london , july 26 ( xinhua ) british police announced on july 26 that british elephants were apt to buy " elephant " bomb hoax in ronkeliesta , lankiekelieu county , on the 23rd .
the police said that this man was called " mud " by mcgrader , 51 years old , and an unemployed person , and he would be torn by extortion and manufacturing bombs .
on 14 july , he met with the representatives of 14 th - nation elegant purchases in britain , which caused a bomb threat .
jackson , a british citizen , was the peak of purchases at that time , 14 exits were ordered to close down the british company , the largest in the united kingdom .
the british police then issued a report on the threat of the bomb and announced that the incident had not discovered any terrorist activities .
( sports ) altering the graft period is the fault of the beijing olympics .
beijing , july 28 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will host the olympic games next year , with the humid of august , beijing is expected to become a sea of oceanic changes .
by changing the mode of operation , scientific research personnel have found the way to increase their color for the olympic games .
on 28 may , a summer olympic games called " national day of the new season " was held in beijing , and a national meeting on examination and approval of applications of outstanding varieties of greenhouse gases was concluded . experts concluded that the use of new techniques for tree planting was used to promote cultivation . different types of trash or varieties of natural flowers were also held in the beijing olympics in august . the best results were achieved in the same period .
in the summer of beijing , it usually only saw a dozen or so grand and elegant things that are not long away , or they are far from reaching the level of being covered by the bud .
through efforts , scientific research personnel selected the best olympic games 206 species of elegant variety and variety .
in the beijing haidian park , the olympic torch relay will be held in beijing 's haidian district .
( international ) turkey 's ruling party wins parliamentary election
xinhua news agency , july 30 th , by reporter jian wang ( reporters wang jian ) - the 23 rd turkish supreme election commission announced on the 30th that the ruling justice and development party won 550 seats , of which the party won 341 seats , and once again won 41 seats .
at the parliamentary election held on 22 july , the main opposition party , the republican party , won seats .
the national action party won 71 seats in the election .
in addition to the three political parties , 26 members of the national assembly were elected .
the new parliament will be formed in august
by then , all members will be sworn in to assume their duties and will begin to perform their duties .
the parliament will then pass a referendum without voting .
the turkish parliamentary election was originally scheduled to be held in november , but in the presidential election held at the end of april , the opposition parties were not willing to see the only candidate , and the party 's deputy prime minister and foreign minister , alexander , resulting in the failure of the presidential election , and the parliamentary election was held ahead of schedule .
