white house urges nuclear inspection to be sent as soon as possible
the white house today called for the dispatch of nuclear inspectors to supervise the closure of the north korean nuclear reactor as soon as possible , while the white house made a decision on the phone between us president bush and south korean president roh moo - hyun .
the white house national security council spokesman zhuo zhuo said that the two leaders today discussed the us - yugoslavia joint statement on the korean nuclear issue and the dprk 's proposal to develop nuclear weapons . they also hoped the iaea to inspect the dprk immediately and immediately return to the dprk to supervise the dprk 's nuclear reactors ' operation and closing of the door .
" we are pleased to see that the two presidents also signed the us - japan joint declaration on free trade , which was signed yesterday , and will work to ensure the approval of the two countries ' congress , " he said .
experts believe that in the past 20 years , pyongyang has made plundering efforts in the production system , which is sufficient to create 12 nuclear weapons .
the six - party talks special envoy hill said during his meeting with kim jong - il last week that he expected the nyse - yakhos to close down in mid - july .
the rainy and rainstorms in the western part of india have killed 43 people
india 's western weekend torrential rains hit a number of areas , including severe flooding , large western cities , and large cities in china and abroad .
officials from the rescue center said today that the casualties caused by the plight of 43 people .
the number of cases in which the wind is brought about by the quarterly wind of the storm often leads to the huge population of india , which has a population of 1.1 billion , which is also causing casualties .
the rainy season has more than half of the victims killed by floods .
the financial centre of india was also criticized .
in the 29 years of occupation , the number of blast - up days was only 43 centimeters .
the chief executive of the republic of korea , mr abdullah , said that the government had killed 13 people .
officials from the city government appealed to the public to be cautious when the rainy season was slightly over , and to avoid going out to protect their own security .
yesterday , the rain was slightly interesting , most of the regions were flooded .
the floods in india are close to 500 people killed
according to the reports of officials and media , the national situation this year was caused by severe rains .
the secret news trust agency of india quoted government officials as saying that the government was involved in the reconstruction of the country 's state - owned commercial banks in the past week , which has been successively enclosed in succession , resulting in casualties and economic losses in various places . only the first major indian city of borg was the first of its kind in india , and now it is known that the number of dead has reached 300,000 .
the report said that cairo was the first to offer a " secret envoy " to the media when inspecting the cairo .
he said that at the same time , india 's largest cotton production site , the sasakar province , the vast ocean , and the total area of the country are 27 cities and towns , and the number of cities and towns has been seriously affected by the floods , exceeding 10,000 disaster victims has been recovered .
india 's total exports to the north and south have increased by a week .
wen jiabao 's newest tennis player kovic 's abandonment of the game nadal to enter the final
the spanish red tides are now in the hands of the chinese men in vancouver , which is the most important of the world 's most powerful rivals , the most powerful rival of the romantic contestant , the most powerful and most powerful rival of the italian team , the most powerful rival of the swiss soccer player , mr wong de - la , who is the world player , is the most powerful one .
georgovic said at the 16 th national congress that he had been in the race for the 8 th , and that he was a guard who was injured by the slander and the pair of the game . he was not sure whether he would be able to get the strain and then take the initiative to take the initiative to fight the injury and the game .
the fourth seed , georgia , retreat , with the result that the original three - to - six - fold ratio was more than the second - seeded - up , which led the lead , won the victory .
apart from opening the match , the first time the heat was too slow , the first time it was broken , the first time it was the first time , the second time that the bloody war situation was the most serious one .
the satellite showed that iran 's tunnelling tunnel might be a key to protecting nuclear equipment
the us think tank science and international security institute ( cas ) said today that commercial satellites show that iran is now carrying out uranium enrichment activities near the nagoda enrichment facility , and may be trying to make a breakthrough in protecting the nuclear equipment when the air raid was under way .
these compromises were made by the united states ( the name of the " qigong " ) , which was produced by the united states on 11 june and announced the use of the " sasac " website at [ http @ : / / @ www .
the institute is located in washington , where the research is located for non - profit research groups .
the compromises show that in the south of the nasdaq facilities , the fire was only a few kilometers away , and it was just right at the road construction , and the facilities were a uranium enrichment factory .
analysts say that the united states has not made any progress in the talks with the united states , but has not made any progress on the matter .
they said : such a pile of trees and grass are not so easy to make a breakthrough in the air raid .
un special envoy holds meeting on iran 's nuclear talks
the united nations international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) , which is the largest atomic energy agency ( iaea ) , has been working with iranian officials to resolve the iranian nuclear program , said the official .
but iranian president ahmadinejad has further sanctions at the united nations .
" the government has been trying to create a new security environment for the middle east , " he said .
" the installation of a plate of loose - fuels can slow down or speed up , which is a problem of implementation , but no one should expect us to give up our rights , " he said .
he was the first chinese leader to visit the united states after he arrived in haiyan .
the visit to haining is aimed at formulating a set of plans to enhance the understanding and trust of the iranian people and the international community .
the united nations has not been able to freeze uranium enrichment work , and has imposed two sanctions on iran .
iran 's nuclear program has been launched in the past few days , the top national security council of iran was responsible for international affairs under the leadership of the president of the supreme council of iran , the statement said .
iran 's delegation also said that the iaea 's deputy chairman , sidi and the international atomic energy agency ambassador , soeharto , were present at the meeting .
the east bank 's ruling coalition , which is the largest palestinian government , has been in power since the end of the last decade , has been in power for the past five years .
the palestinian authorities have been trying to create a new government that is a political party that is not a good thing , but a new leader of the palestinian government , who is now implementing the " plaque " of the gaza strip .
the relationship between agriculture and social affairs minister hashal kharrah told afp that the prime minister of france , yadh , had presented a resignation to abbas , and also asked the chairman to be responsible for the new cabinet government which is in charge of daily management .
abbas 's mumer told afp that the french government had proposed a resignation , but abbas ordered him to execute his current duties until he was overthrown by the new government .
the respected economic scholars have also made a proposal to resign , but they are only a prelude to the resignation and do not waver in his position as prime minister .
the french government has been making a decision to set up an emergency cabinet on 17 january to implement the policy of abbas on the heated heated of the heated mussa .
according to the basic law of the palestinian autonomous government , without the approval of the parliament , it is not allowed to exceed 30 days , but the current self - government council is now in a state of paralysis .
the authority of the urgent government has expired today .
wto delegates discuss new case in dubai
the world trade organization 's main negotiator today proposed a big reduction in us subsidies for agriculture , and the developing countries reduced the proportion of imports of industrial products in order to break the trade barrier in the doha round of trade talks .
the official said that the new draft resolution requires the united states to provide more than $ 1 billion in subsidies for agriculture every year from now allowed to be reduced to $ 200 million , and the developed countries will reduce the import tariff on industrial products to the lower level .
these proposals aim to break the deadlock over the last six years of the doha round of talks and help bring about a solution to the wto members .
wto secretary general says that these proposals are a result of a collective effort to reach a common goal , and the development is a fair and rational agreement .
lamy said : the governments of member states have not changed their views on the proposals , but the current situation is wrong .
he called for the establishment of a intensive negotiation in the next few weeks .
the strong earthquake affected the country 's auto sector , which is a toxic plant or a compressor of a toxic plant , or a compressed plant , or a compressed flame ,
japan was strongly hit by a earthquake that killed 30 people and injured more than 100 people , including those who were killed by a strong earthquake this week .
japan 's persecution was 6.8 times stronger than the previous day , and the car 's cassider research company was forced to suspend the production of the tokyo - fukui prefecture , which has a direct impact on the production of the car factory .
the world 's most discriminatory car operator said that the united states had a " secret " program to halt domestic car production from tonight until 21 february .
the spokesman said that the japanese government will not be able to send a wrong signal to the japanese government on the next day until the 23rd .
he said that the two factories had two main lines of communication , one of which was the result of the impact , but the company 's business might be increasing by a large margin next month to make up for the backward production progress .
suzuki said that starting tomorrow , the three days will be closed .
the car was the first to be suspended next week , but the government said it was not easy to make any decision on the operation of the supply of fuels .
the earthquake caused the deaths of at least 10 people , and the casualties were injuries to several hundred houses .
the amount of money spent on purchasing and selling british jewellery in indonesia was abolished .
the statement said that in view of the earlier economic recovery in hong kong , the government had decided to introduce a new government to the government to sell the green bag .
the public housing estate , located at the indonesian square in the gaoconsumption district , was opened to the public by the responsible person of the donated money .
if the people are proud of a 140,000 - plus - dollar ryutaro , then the kangfu group will be able to escape the fate of the new taiwan leader .
the " falungong " cult organization gathered at the shop on 6 june to prepare to buy a " falungong " practitioner from a british family , an outraged dog design , which was designed to contain a " gray " that i do not represent the " green bag " of the bag . however , the shop owner refused to stir up the scene .
this new model , which is designed to protect the environment , is attempting to replace the crocodile . however , it was not expected that the overnight time between london and new york became a popular index , resulting in a situation of snatching and auction websites , which were all the several times higher than the price of the price of the price of the auction website .
the only one was the indonesian drug trafficking company , which was sold to the government .
the hostage crisis was rented out by south korea and south korea , and the direct talks between south korea and north korea .
the afghan government has kidnapped 23 south korean hostages and has decided to set the deadline for the hostage talks today , demanding south korea to withdraw its troops from the country , otherwise killing the hostages .
with the time taken one second , the situation has been developing in a positive manner . south korean officials have held talks with the group for the first time today .
however , at the same time , it was also said that another kidnapped german hostage was very hair , and the first was found in a state of misunderstanding and lost consciousness .
he called on germany and south korea to withdraw troops from afghanistan and demanded that the hostages exchange intelligence on the prisoners of the 33 guerrillas sentenced by the afghan government .
the spokesperson for the ministry of foreign affairs said in an interview with afp on the unidentified location that through the long - standing , direct contact with south korean representatives .
adami said : we hope that the talks can have results .
the ensuing local time ( taiwan time ) at 10.30 pm ( 010 : 30 p.m . on the evening of the taiwan time ) will start killing the south korean hostage .
the compromises have been delayed for two times .
the difficulty of maritime disputes is a common understanding that the two koreas military talks are not dispersed .
as the sea area is divided into different interpretations , the three - day north - south korean high - level military talks were held in an unhappy manner today .
in border cities , the " shanghai five " summit was held today .
the people 's bank of china has been very unhappy with the rising face of the sword , and has deliberately plunged into the new sea area to replace the original overlap of the overlap .
he said that the curtain was not legal .
the plate - shaped pile is a rare opportunity for the us military to win the war in 1953 , but the united states has become the focus of disputes between the two koreas in recent years , and north korea has refused to acknowledge it .
north korea said that south korea 's invasion of the waters caused tension , which was caused by the incident , and south korea said that the accusation was lacking .
the local waters were hit by a clash in june 1999 , killing scores of north korean crewmembers .
in june 2002 , there was another clash of similar clashes , and six south korean people were killed .
us treasury secretary arrives in china for environmental protection , exchange rate
us treasury secretary colin powell arrived in china yesterday to make every effort to persuade china to further implement the necessary economic reform and environmental protection measures , especially the policy that has attracted much attention .
us diplomatic personnel said that boucher had visited the chinese northwest region before the arrival of the qaihu qidaihu .
china 's current largest export market , the largest water source in the world , has carried out a series of environmental protection plans .
paulson today transferred to beijing to hold talks with chinese officials in charge on promoting the " shanghai five " summit on strategic economic dialogue , which was initiated last year .
the us - china strategic economic dialogue mainly discussed economic issues such as environmental protection , and the most important thing is the issue of the rmb exchange rate . us congressmen believe that the excessive pressure on the rmb is overestimating .
the trade deficit between the two countries is becoming increasingly intense , and the pressure within the united states is gradually increasing . congress members are prepared to take retaliatory action to counter their so - called china unfair trade policy .
last week , the us senate finance committee passed an overwhelming bill asking the finance ministry to recognize the monetary exchange rate as a fundamental indication of the misleading state , and to provide a basis for the economic sanctions against beijing that are hidden in the us .
us congress members said that the renminbi undervalued , which has resulted in a big increase in the price of goods sold to the united states , aggravated the imbalance in us - china trade , and the us trade deficit with china reached 2.5 billion us dollars last year .
muslim said that he was a " savior " who had completely withdrawn from the soccer world 60 years ago .
from the beginning , moore began to play a role in the future of the western region .
some newspapers have listed 14 " falungong " practitioners in the name of the legendary , but i will stay in the dark and musty , and then go to the white house to say " it is a great pleasure to see the truth . "
moori reiterated that he hoped that the dprk would be able to get back the situation of the portuguese team on a day , and i really would like to teach them . i believe that there will always be one day the portuguese football association will also be very willing to employ me to be the master of the portuguese opera . i also hope to hire me to be the master of the comorus .
however , the 44 - year - old muslim unocal does not intend to contribute his whole life to soccer , he said he would retire 60 years old , and he did not want to be as good as boston and vergon .
i have already told my wife that i have made a promise , and i will not be as happy as robertson and vergen , who has been teaching at the age of 70 , who has been teaching at the age of 70 , who is now 70 , who is now at the age of 70 , who is now a girl who has been taught , who is now at the age of 70 .
moori 's experience in the field of science and technology was a great achievement .
i have too many things that i cannot do now , waiting for me to do , i am a bit too bad .
i did not want to become a soccer consultant or director , for example , bardano or sarkozy .
i do n't want to play this role .
i do not want to become a president of a club , i just want to completely cut off soccer , but i think that it is not easy to say that it is a matter of fact .
( qi liang )
the flood - control work in shanxi 's hongdong village , wang bing , a black dust , was overturned ( photo )
chinanews , july , henan , and other cities have been built up in the early days of the spring festival , with the attention of the public .
many domestic media have expressed their concern about the progress of the case .
because of the relatively cautious attitude of the local departments concerned , some reporters did not have the chance to interview the site .
at present , the country is still in the process of making a compromised .
according to the linfen intermediate court , the number of people who were involved in the case was as high as 40,000 yuan .
but whether or not the court pronouncements are still unknown .
at about 9 am , a reporter noticed that the city of linfen had a scene of a traffic accident outside the gate of the central college .
perhaps it is a very important thing for the court to feel proud of its kind of persecution .
when i was feeling nervous , i believed that the law was fair .
a traffic policeman who has passed through the road looked at the national emblem , and said himself : " i am a man who has a self - esteem .
prior to this , there were reports in hongdongshan county that the defendant wang bing 's father , tsao fuyuan , was the party branch secretary of shengchuen village , was dismissed from his position as a deputy to the county people 's congress according to law .
prior to this , wang dongchu had been arrested for being involved in a serious case of illegal armed involvement in a case of violation of discipline in which wang bing was suspected of violating discipline and was dismissed from his post as secretary of the party branch of the village and was expelled from the party .
the " red force " composed of the three armed services of shanxi 's masterpieces , which was triggered by the wang bing gang 's makeup , has attracted attention at home and abroad . the central authorities have issued instructions on strictly investigating the incident .
the dprk and the rok have reached a consensus on developing cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources .
chinanews , july 8 c the china news service ,
the dprk and the rok held talks on 7 june on developing light industry and underground resources .
according to the agreement , the rok will provide the dprk with light industrial products such as clothing and other light industrial products , and the dprk will transfer some domestic fertilizers to the rok .
according to the report by the japan society for the delivery of the food , the rok and the dprk reached agreement on the development of light industry and underground resources in the city within three days .
according to the agreement , the rok will provide assistance to the dprk in terms of providing clothing and soap production , and the total value of the soap is 900,000 yen .
in this regard , the dprk will list three domestic blocs of extraction right to the republic of korea .
the rok government will hold a national defense university meeting in renchuan , western china on 25 july to transport the first batch of contracts worth 500 tons of goods to the dprk .
according to the plan , starting 28 july , the rok and the dprk jointly conducted a large - scale investigation of the dprk 's east .
the government of the republic of korea began to activate the " mini three links " plan to provide the dprk with 4.0 - million tons of rice .
the dprk expressed its willingness to actively carry out its six - party talks on closing nuclear facilities and other relevant agreements , and the economic cooperation between the dprk and the rok became more active again .
the lanzhou commodity pricing bureau has made a decision on the price of cattle meat , and only the price of soybeans is due to excessive increase .
chinanews , lanzhou , july 10 ( huang )
this afternoon , the lanzhou city bureau of pricing invited relevant departments to conduct a comprehensive review on the price limits of the cow meat .
the press conference was informed that the bureau of sweetened commodities and services jointly issued a top - price list , mainly because the dust price rises too much , and the general public are more likely to bear the burden .
it is reported that the price of this cow price rises to 20 percent , and the increase rate is the largest since the 1980 s .
" the government 's actions are to take into account the common needs of the local residents and our overall economic strength .
on 26 november , the lanzhou city bureau of pricing and management of public health bureau and four other departments jointly conducted a comprehensive review of the prices of the meat at the highest price . once disclosed , the news aroused strong attention .
it is learned that the forum aims to extensively listen to the views of various circles and make concrete preparations for the next step of taiwan 's concrete management methods , and it is also disclosed that lanzhou will hold a press conference tomorrow .
this will be the first time that lanzhou city has made a decision on the price rise in the cow price .
the country 's state council has issued a circular on the need to promote the development of the country 's regions .
chinanews , july 11 - according to information from a website , on 9 july , the qaiquan autonomous region development and promotion committee made three - month administrative punishment for the failure of the activities .
the punishment order shows that the china council for promoting development of the region has the following illegal acts : a superstitious standard was collected ; 2 . the use of qaiqar to collect other fees from non - member units .
the investigation revealed that the name of a member of a unit was 2,000 yuan per year , and that the amount of money spent in the company was collected from june to february 2007 , 2007 , and the amount of money was collected from more than 20 units . besides , one member unit was collected from a unit . the other unit collected the charges from each other 's collection of money to the price of $ 1,000 , and the amount of money was collected from the management of an institution under the charge of a
under the pretext of " registration of social organizations " article 33 the first paragraph ( 8 ) of the " regulations on registration of social organizations " is amended to affirm the results of the three - month deadline for the suspension of activities and to seal the memorial concerned items in accordance with the law .
the rok government hopes to resolve the korean peninsula nuclear issue through the six - party talks
chinanews , july 12 - according to the report by the korean news agency , the rok government has expressed its regret over the six - party talks delegation 's meeting to be held in beijing on 18 july .
the rok foreign and trade ministry spokesman made a commentary on 12 june , expressing the hope that the six - party talks delegation heads will discuss the issue of ending the initial phase and fulfilling the next phase of the talks as soon as possible and the six - party talks ' concrete and substantive plan for holding the six - party talks , thus accelerating the process of denuclearization on the korean peninsula .
the commentary also said that as a nuclear issue , the dprk has become a core of the nuclear issue , and the chinese government will make unremitting efforts to realize the denuclearization of the korean peninsula and to achieve this goal .
officials disclosed that the beijing olympic games are expected to create a record of the number of participating countries and regions .
chinanews , july 16 .
xinhua news agency , beijing olympic organizing committee 's international affairs department deputy director wang shilin disclosed on 14 july that the beijing olympic organizing committee will hold a meeting next month to report to the international olympic committee on the olympic committee 's 205 members on the invitation of the olympic committee .
he said that if there is no accident , the beijing olympic games will become the most important sports event in history for all countries and regions .
the report said that from 10 to 12 february , wang shilin represented the beijing olympic organizing committee to send a message to the flood - hit sports organization on the preparations for the beijing olympic games , including the construction of roads , the construction of roads , the construction of roads , the construction of roads , the construction of roads , and so on .
wang shilin said that the pan - us sports organization 's member states and regions all expressed their support for the beijing olympic games .
it is learned that during the meeting , the ioc and beijing olympic games will jointly work with the beijing olympic organizing committee to formally invite 205 members of the ioc to attend the olympic games .
npc standing committee member gao limin meets us delegation beijing ,
wang yan 's condition improves " by insisting on " sitting on the stool stool and limbs ' liver muscle ' power to restore " two - level "
wang yan has been able to take a string on the stool , but the time is not too long . she feels dizzy . yesterday , the zhejiang sports bureau held a meeting to hear the report on the situation of the accident .
before that , the injured wang yan , who was injured in the match , continued to turn for the better , among which the left - right muscle 's muscle and his liver power resumed more than 10 days ago , and became the two - class generals .
this month , wang yan began to work in shanghai 's six institutions , and was later admitted to the hospital for severe acute respiratory syndrome ( sars ) . her right - limb limbs were 2 to 3 , and left limbs and leather muscles were 1 .
in the last half month , wang yan 's upper limbs have been able to further improve .
" the doctor said that wang yan 's muscle had reached the level of above four , a bit higher than the normal five - level level level , and the leftist muscle was also more than 3 degrees , " said wu xigang .
in other words , in less than half a month , wang yan 's family had a strong muscle and had restored the cream between two .
the first thing is that wang yan could have been able to get a good deal of work on the beds with the help of doctors .
the hospital recovering experts originally planned to let the hospital authority to provide a medical treatment to the patients with the protection of the recovered beds at the end of last week .
however , according to the current recovery of wang yan , the situation of the recovery of the project has to be postponed for the time being .
wu xianqin said that wang yan 's current exercise is mainly aimed at curing corruption , with the result that her prophet can persist in sitting at a meeting on the board , but the time is not too long . ( wang zhiqi ) , head of the group of reporters , wang zhijie ) , said : " i am not very easy to hear the news about the situation . "
venezuelan president says big cut of civil servants
chinanews , july 23 - according to a comprehensive report , venezuelan president 's reply to the venezuelan government 's domestic and foreign policies on 22 july was a bit lavish .
he said : the substantial reduction in the salaries of senior civil servants was made by the government .
he also said that the foreigners who come to venezuela to venezuela would face severe consequences if they attack the venezuelan government .
the government has ordered the government officials to closely monitor the situation of the visits by foreigners to venezuela and discover that any person who publicly criticizes him or the venezuelan government will expel him .
he was in a television speech on the evening of 22 february , saying venezuela could not tolerate foreigners running to their homes and had a feeling of sorrow .
in his speech , he also pointed out that the reduction of civil servants ' salaries will be substantially reduced .
he said : the civil servants in venezuela are not entitled to pay the highest wages than the monthly average .
it is reported that in venezuela , some poverty - stricken people 's monthly income is a us dollar .
in the latin american countries , the action of cutting civil servants ' wages has become a common practice , and has won the support of the broad masses of the people .
peru , peru , and other countries have all paid their own salaries .
" i also said that cuban leaders , castro , have reminded him of the commendation actions from the us side .
he said that carter 's gifts to him were a us central custom director , a letter of apology .
the secret
the beijing time last night , the international auto movement council held a meeting on the issue of the faults technology spy case in paris . the court was called by the rudimer who had fled the wheel . the reason was that the council decided not to impose any sanctions on the mai wheel .
the official website of the international motor corporation issued a statement after the hearing , saying that the government of the world 's largest auto giant , the vogue of mercosur , was found to have the secret information of lari , but there is no sufficient evidence to show that these data were not used in the first - phase international auto alliance , so the first - class international auto competition will be punished without such an act .
however , fargo 's technology spy case has not made any progress in this regard .
the automaker will be responsible for the decision .
at present , the number of people in the front of the mkk , the former chief architect of the mkk , who has been suspended , has been found to have nearly 800 pages of technical documents , including the design of the french lafer 2007 racing , construction of a solely - powered power , construction of a new system of testing the development and operation of the 2007 laser solely state - owned enterprises .
the first phase of the " sailors " was held in the northern part of the country before the kaikai - hoi was suspended .
( wang yuan )
experts believe that the impact of insurance overlap cannot be diverted from the domestic stock market in the short term .
chinanews , july 30 c .
according to a report by china securities news , recently , the " regulations on management of overseas investment of insurance funds " were promulgated , and insurance funds have a broader space for the use of the capital market .
china 's top investment company
the report said that many insurance agencies hold the same view .
experts said that as the current situation in which there is no market for renminbi products , insurance institutions are not fully aware of the risks , the timing for purchasing large - scale foreign exchange is not mature .
liu said that the long - term development of the state - owned assets management system should be improved in the overall distribution of insurance companies .
however , in view of the fact that the rmb is under a relatively great pressure of appreciation , china will mainly use its own foreign exchange funds to conduct overseas investment .
as for the foreign exchange purchase and foreign exchange investment , under the present circumstances , we should be cautious in handling the situation .
( remains )
china 's export loss this year was 5.25 billion yuan , and the total amount of funds for flood prevention and drought control was 5.5 billion yuan .
this reporter learned from the state general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control that as of july , the nationwide drought - stricken 1.18 billion mu , of which 54.14 million mu were formed , and 119.15 million people were affected by the disaster , 652 were killed , and 45.4 million of houses were flooded .
the total area of farmland affected by drought has reached 140 billion mu , and the number of people who have been overstaffed has been greatly reduced due to drought .
in july , the state general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control , in view of the grim flood prevention and drought - fighting situation , made an urgent plan .
the meeting demanded that all provinces and municipalities along the huai river and the general headquarters for flood prevention strengthen their measures to prevent and control water during the period of retreat , and win a comprehensive victory in flood prevention .
the state general administration of taxation and other departments in charge of agriculture have sent three groups of work teams to separately discuss the flood prevention first line and the severe drought - fighting work in drought - fighting areas .
at present , there are many problems in flood prevention and drought control , and the work of harnessing floods is in a tense and orderly manner . the flood has also been plagued by floods , the three provinces of jiangsu , the three provincial governments have been ordered to suspend production for implementation .
the tumultuous and unbridled situation .
heilongjiang province
the united states has decided to send a delegation to the six - party talks on the korean nuclear issue , which will be held in beijing from june 15 to 28 , according to the chinese foreign ministry .
chen shui - bian 's plot to covertly interfere in the election of the taiwan " judicial yuan " in the taiwan " judicial yuan " in an attempt to deny and ask the taiwan authorities to explain it .
chinanews , july , chen shui - bian [ chen shuibian ] questioned the taiwan authorities ' attempt to get involved in the election of taiwan 's regional leaders on 30 july .
taiwan 's cass executive yuan 's administrative experience
according to taiwan 's " scriptures , " chen shui - bian questioned the prosecutor or the investigation personnel on 30 june , and he was forced to intervene because of political factors or election considerations .
in response to chen shui - bian 's queries , taiwan 's president of the executive yuan , yue sheng , was not a mere formosa , secretary general , fan kuang , a deputy of the supreme court , spoke at the court .
gao jinchi said : taiwan 's basic law and judicial code have all been clearly stated in the statement that judges should go beyond the party and should not participate in political activities , nor should they be helped by the judges .
gao jinji pointed out : kaohsiung 's high - level , high - level , and complex judicial system 's participation in the kadena school course a few years ago was due to the influence of the political party 's colors in the course and the punishment of the self - discipline committee formed by the judges .
zhang shengxi once wanted to participate in the democratic progressive party 's funeral , and was also forced to give up his position because of his resignation .
gao jinchi said that if a case is a case of individual nature , the court level will be overly lenient .
germany to reduce the proportion of professionals in talent introduction
the report by the xinhua news agency in berlin on 1 july ( by staff reporter wang huaicheng )
the german minister for education and scientific research , sha wanlong , said the other day that germany should reduce the " burden " in the " law on foreign professionals , " and increase the restrictions on foreign professionals by introducing more professionals to other countries , to solve the problem of overlapping professionals in germany .
according to the oecd report , germany 's debt was 15 to 64 , and the number of labor force is expected to decline year after year .
if there is no sufficient immigration , it will be difficult for the german labor force to reduce by 66.6 percent over the present .
but the german employers union and the german engineer association reported that the number of german workers in the labor market has increased by a big margin , and the number of engineers has increased .
according to the federal labor bureau , the unemployment rate in germany was 5.6 percent in may this year , up from the previous year .
germany has to protect its own people 's employment , and to set up a relatively high threshold for attracting foreign talents .
the german " tyranny " stipulates that the professional personnel of non - eu countries will not be able to get less than 8.55 - million euros in germany , otherwise they will not be able to receive the permission for work in germany or residence .
sha wan suggested that the restriction be lowered to the level of the threat to the effect of the threat .
do not have superstitious theories
recently , it submitted its report on the law on lawyers submitted to the npc standing committee for examination and approval , stipulating : those who have engaged in legal research , such as legal research , and other specialized work , and have the right to make a decision on the application of lawyers to operate as high as a high degree of autonomy , and the application of lawyers to practice their profession .
( 28 june , " chinese bitter experience " )
there is a theory of plague and mystery of truth .
for a long time , the theory of law and the practice of transparency have existed among the people in the world ,
for such a difference of division of labor , the law can do is to maintain its vitality and not to use the pressure to support any party .
however , the " law on the law " has a very bad impact on the government 's efforts to protect the legitimate rights and interests of the people .
in fact , some people engaged in the practice of enlightening international laws , such as the law of the legal system , and some experts and scholars have been deeply enlightened by their theories and have also become increasingly close to the law 's actual situation .
in this way , the encroachment of the legal system is undoubtedly a legal and confused cause .
the theory of collectivism has not only been so superstitious , but also such as experts and scholars , and the hearing will often affect or even reject the court verdict . this is also a direct manifestation of this kind of superstition .
the chinese side will encourage chinese - funded vessels to sail on the mainland to make their ships hoisted .
the reporter feng lei of the pla daily ,
from the state council 's briefing , it was learned that the state council has issued a series of measures to encourage the development of the china - funded international shipping shipping industry since july this year to encourage the hoisting of foreign - funded vessels to return to china to register and obtain the approval of the people 's republic of china and to hang on the sail .
to further promote the development of the maritime industry in our country and to strengthen the national power , the national authorities have adopted measures to deal with the problem of a considerable number of ships being registered and hoisted in overseas countries by registered and hoisting offshore flag operations . the ministry of communications recently issued the " circular on the implementation of the special international shipping shipping shipping shipping companies that have been registered with foreign shipping companies " and made clear the conditions and procedures for applying for the special case .
the applicant may choose the shanghai putonghua tube as a vessel to apply for registration in hong kong .
britain to reduce terrorist attacks
the report by the general staff headquarters of the chinese people 's liberation army ( pla ) on 5 july london ( by staff reporter guo lin )
the british government has decided to impose a maximum of five billion dollars on the government , including the highest level of terrorist attacks , to the extent of severe humanitarian calamity .
at present , the british police have shifted the scope of investigation to india and australia .
as the eight arrested persons were arrested , the us military has been working in the medical system , and the government will take further action on the entry of foreign immigrants who have entered the medical system .
it is learned that nearly all the medical institutions in britain have been working in the medical system .
prime minister gates also demanded that the governments of the countries concerned be responsible for the investigation of the background of high - tech immigrants .
what 's more , the businesses are so rarely interested in .
the tourism industry is a slackening process .
but in the country , many people are suffering from a sensation of this kind . in the eyes of the commercial dealer and intermediary business , they are unable to keep themselves overthrown .
the car and the train , the train , and the car , all of which are involved , will always suffer from the pressure of small dealers and some unqualified intermediaries .
it is not a slap - off plate that is to sell newspapers and periodicals , and then many unqualified intermediaries introduced catching , even a false card , etc.
if you do n't accept it , he can chase you for several hundred meters , and you are not successful .
in some cases of miserable phenomena , many of which have a similar feeling .
the number of people who have not entered the gate has increased from the day when they were in the house of representatives to the public .
after entering the gate , this situation will be more favorable . then , it will be better to yahoo .
the media have reported that during his visit to xi'an , many foreign tourists were shocked by the monument of monarchy in xian , but they were dissatisfied with the fact that the small businessmen allowed to go around to sell their products .
these include the " golden shield " of the station , which is a kind of practice and a place where it is a place where it is a place where it is a civilization , a quiet and harmonious one , and a pure and harmonious environment .
the freedom of the traders , the stirring up trouble , and the unstable situation , are not to be shaken by the public order .
the important thing is that these are the results of the spiritual civilization building in the country , and the inspiration is seen everywhere . the damage is not only a problem of image but also a problem that will affect the local economic development .
just think , if you want to become a strong tourist industry , you use this kind of unauthorized gorbache to welcome the south lump and the north to welcome the guests , who are willing to come , who dare to come ?
your tourism economy is also getting better and better results ?
with the rapid growth in tourism , the number of tourists coming to the north of the tianyan has created a civilized environment for tourism .
it is not a market , but a small entrepreneur 's operation should be standardized . no evidence should be found to be used .
a civilized and orderly environment is the only way to let the people feel happy and to be able to achieve prosperity and revitalization .
in a word , what makes merchant traders worry about .
the " falungong " cult , which has been forced to repay the state of justice , has been unable to repay the state of affairs .
the beijing municipal construction bank 's jiaoyi street is a popular and popular choice for 12 enterprises .
( " xinjing bao " ) on 10 july , the " new beijing bao " carried a report on the work of the government in the new century .
the author has provided a valuable reference for the improvement of the living conditions of these families , but has given an explanation of the theory of " keeping the rights and obligations under custody " and has also added a new incentive method to them .
the wujiaoyi neighborhood office said that the problem of fraudulent and low - guarantee was encouraged to take the initiative to retreat . this is a major move to set a good example for other low - income households .
this model , if a person is encouraged to be employed by other low - income insurance personnel to extricate himself from difficulties , is indeed worth advocating , and if it is to be used to appeasement the " falungong " practitioners who have long been deceived by fraudulent means , it is not something that is infused .
in terms of differentiation and cleaning up low - income households , more dependent on the work of law is the law .
the departments concerned should strengthen the management of low - income households when enjoying the minimum guarantee : if they are notified of the family members and the changes in income , report on the employment situation , accept the retrial on a regular basis , and the relevant departments should step up their supervision and inspection .
after all , the practice of seeking justice in accordance with the law is a long - term project .
the street has also provided a new channel for the reassurance of families , which is a kind of incentive to be given to them by the family .
as the first - level government organization , the expenditures of the neighborhood are borne by the financial appropriations .
the amount of tax collector should not be the same ?
on the one hand , the number of households that withdrew from the minimum insurance has proved to be a certain degree of autonomy that has been recognized by themselves , and on the other hand , the number of people applying for low - income insurance is not yet the same .
the number of people who are called lifelong money should be increased to 58,68,68,68,68,08,68,08,68,08,08,08,08,08,68,08,68,08,083 .
liu said that the chinese government has always attached great importance to the development of sino - japanese relations .
on 10 july , the first public promotion and direct election town was the first to be promoted to the higher authorities in the country . liu qinyi , the fourth time after assuming office , accepted the democratic supervision and the full opinion rate reached 97.7 percent .
in a speech made at a dialogue with liu conang , liu coni described his position as a " monument service worker " .
( yesterday 's " new beijing daily " )
liu gang 's bitter experience in providing services to the public may be higher than some appointed cadres .
the public promotion and direct election system is the largest and most important one in the selection system . the former is mainly decided by ordinary party members to decide the source of power , and the latter is mainly appointed by higher authorities . the main source of power determines that the former must be the first to be held responsible to the people .
the source of power and the responsibility for whom are the major indicators of the work of the candidate .
some people questioned such a situation , which is more like a democratic revolution .
my viewpoint is that some people who are so honest and unjust as a form of democracy are not good .
considering the fact that the building of democracy at the grassroots level in china is a matter of fact , i believe that the promotion of direct elections is a major breakthrough , and democracy is a sheer legacy . it is of great significance to promoting the building of democracy at the grassroots level .
india is expected to elect the first female presidential analyst to be elected as the president , while female voters hope that the status of women will be raised .
on 23 june , penghu , a presidential candidate , was assembled ten times before the presidential candidate 's document .
the indian presidential election began on 19 july , and the new president will be elected in the presidential election in new york , accompanied by the current vice president shevardnadze and the president 's office , president shavaro rajasone .
pagoda is the first female president in india 's history . if she is elected , she will become a top figure in india .
pagoda is the ruling national party presidential candidate , sheikat is from the opposition party 's people 's party .
because the kmt party has not received any support from the presidential election group , the media and the public have been overthrown , and the possibility of papouliqo being elected is quite great .
the 72 - year - old pavilion is the female state leader of rajasthan state .
she 's a lawyer , a lawyer , has abundant experience in congress , and has played a role in the country 's internal affairs during the period when she was the president of the rajasone state .
she also worked to the welfare of the community , which was a common practice of many cultural diversity and education and social welfare organizations .
analysts point out that paperwork became the candidate because she was unwavering in india 's national party chairman , soisa , and her party .
in india , the kansai family has long controlled the state - owned party , which is the ruling party .
the pavilion was widely supported by a large number of female voters , and the female voters believed that paradoxia would be a major obstacle to the indian women 's image that seriously discriminated against women 's concepts and to raise the status of women .
the constitution stipulates that india is the federal state - owned and the president is the head of state and a ruler in the name of the president , and does not represent any party organization , and more importantly , it is a symbol .
( yan lai lai - lai )
the united states supports the palestinian government 's expulsion of extremist elements
the washington post ( july 22 ) , the first of its kind in the history of the chinese people 's liberation army ( pla ) , has been successfully tested in the united states .
us president bush said on 21 july that the united states will fully support the pakistani government in its efforts to control the hostages and extremists from the border regions of pakistan and afghanistan .
bush said on monday that he would not be able to get the us government to the next day in accordance with the new us intelligence , and the islamic militants in pakistan and afghanistan .
he expressed his deep regret over this .
bush said that the united states will continue to support president musharraf and believe that musharraf will persist in working with the qaida and militants .
the recent " state - to - state intelligence assessment " report by the united states points out that the muslim militants are particularly persecuted by the extreme right - wing organizations that are still threatening the united states .
mashari held talks with the pakistani side in september last year .
these shots were used to be unwilling or incapable of engaging in unauthorized activities in safeguarding the security of the region .
bush said in his early tape that the united states is taking measures to reduce the number of casualties .
the united states hopes that the agreement on the dprk nuclear issue will be implemented in an all - round way .
the washington post , july 24 ( reporter xu qisheng )
us assistant secretary of state condoleeezza rice said on the 23rd that the us side had decided to resume talks with the dprk on the nuclear issue last week , and the meeting was a very important one . however , the meeting was the first time that it had made a real progress . however , it was only the implementation of the agreement .
the united states is very much willing to see the " 9.19 joint statement " on the settlement of the dprk nuclear issue and the " february 13 joint document " can be implemented in an all - round way .
on the same day , hl said at a press conference that in order to realize the goal of completely resolving the dprk nuclear issue , it is necessary for the dprk to declare all its nuclear programs before the end of this year and to realize the denuclearization of its nuclear facilities .
he hoped that all parties concerned would reach a consensus on the full - scale implementation of the six - party talks on the north korean nuclear issue within a year .
hill also said that during the security and energy talks , the two sides also reached a consensus on the issue of the dprk nuclear issue .
climate change has resulted in the fall of the icy of alps and the rapidly shrinking of the glaciers of the glaciers in alps
the report on the " falungong " cult in july geneva , by reporter jun liu jun ( reporter liu jun )
the swiss academy 's ice - chuan expert has long tracked and studied the issue of how to fight the " ice - rich " situation in the world , which was created by the swiss authorities in 1850 .
the plague has led to the abundance of the alps .
experts believe that by the year 2000 , the global temperature will increase by three percent , and the ice flow will be smaller than the present level , and the five - digit ice - valve will all vanish .
" the new government is a new member of the european union , " said aleksson , who is the longest of europe , who is listed as a world heritage list , but has cut the number of natural heritage sites within the year of 2006 , " he said .
the photo is a 23 - kilometer - long aquarium ict .
liu jun .
the beijing olympic games all the more have been discussed by the chinese government , the chinese government , the chinese people , and the chinese people , as well as the chinese government , the chinese government and the chinese government , the chinese government will continue to make efforts to promote the development of the chinese nation 's cultural undertakings .
the beijing - based military region ( jfjb ) on 30 july ,
reporter liang jie learned from the china consumer association that in the 8th session of the 29 th olympic games on 8 august , the first anniversary of the conclusion will soon be over . the beijing consumer association , the consumer council , the consumer rights protection committee , the consumer council , the consumer council , the qinhuangpu consumer council , and the hong kong consumer council will use the six cities ' one district consumer rights and interests protection organization to send a proposal to consumers : we should display the civilization of
the proposal put forward that from my experience in strengthening the sense of humanity , learning knowledge , and raising the level of civilization , the practice of civilization and the rule of law , and the practice of being a superstitious and civilized consumer ;
strengthening the sense of the green olympics , protecting the ecological environment , and cherishing the bitter fruits of the sustainable consumption , and being a consumer that advocates green consumption ;
establishing the sense of being industrious and thrifty , changing the concept of consumption , and blindly scolding and riding over , opposing extravagance and waste , and becoming a rational consumer with a scientific concept of consumption ;
raising the awareness of consumer rights and taking the initiative to participate in social supervision and consciously respecting the protection of intellectual property rights and correctly understanding rights and obligations and being a legal and rational government that protects the rights of consumers ;
the spirit of being selfish and active in participating in the exercise should be advocated , the idea of the olympics should be spread to the propagator of the spirit of the olympics .
the " falungong " cult organization , which is a " magic weapon " , is celebrating its 10 - year - old anniversary .
on 1 july , a number of policemen from the jinghai temple in nanjing were knocked down again and the curtain was raised .
this thick historical repulse has been shown through the television station 's quest and the hong kong and nanjing citizens ' connections with hong kong compatriots at this moment , and jointly celebrating the return of hong kong to the motherland 's 10 th anniversary .
ten years ago , on july 1 , nanjing jinghai temple , the qiaohai temple , was raging over 155 alarm , and the world 's monument was filled with deep feeling toward the segment of the hong kong island 's taste .
the unbridled and corrupt phenomena have become increasingly rampant in nanjing .
the " suicidal bell " bell is 1.82 meters tall , and in 1842 it was the first time that the " nanjing treaty " was signed during the period of revolution .
the bell was 1.997 meters , and the thick fog was a symbol of hong kong 's return .
in the past , the police had been plotting and casting the world 's air of the five roads , which were built on the basis of the truth of the incident , and the whole bronze bell was used to hold a high - sensation , two long - haired balloons , and symbolizing the brand name of hong kong as the motherland 's takeover . in the end , the nanjing mercury plum , as a symbol of the belong@@
the first proposal was to build the force 's world - class police force , yu yudong , said with a sense of pride that the mystery of truth has been a decade - long process of return to china . he hoped that hong kong will be able to see a bright future like that shade , which is not perennial .
( end ) ( zhu xiaying and liu yang )
the russian security bureau accused the exiled olpriests of " launching a bloody war " in an attempt to stir up " the slaves "
the russian oligarchy in exile , london , leonsky 's lawyer , bololekovsky announced on 2 july that the russian federation security bureau had formally put forward a new accusation against the parties concerned , accusing them of the conspiracy of the authorities to plot a state in an attempt to seize the russian regime by violence .
bovk said that the meeting between the two sides was held in april this year in a speech by british newspaper " guardian " and that he was prepared to launch a " decisive battle " in russia , which confirmed that he was making a decision to the right - wing elite representatives who opposed the authorities ' policy .
the russian federal security bureau immediately issued a notice in accordance with the provisions of the " criminal law of the russian federation " on the indiscriminate use of force against the enemy , and recently formally handed over to the president of the russian federation 's sviktor court .
it is reported that in february 2006 , the russian federation 's general procuratorate submitted a criminal prosecution against him . according to the same criminal case , the russian supreme people 's procuratorate confirmed in the interview that it was an old man who attempted to seize the russian regime by force .
the two sides have been exiled in foreign countries and have been unable to extradite them . in january 2007 , russia suspended the investigation of the case .
on 2 july , moscow 's zavaliyev court began to try the case of another us judge who was exiled . the russian general procuratorate accused him of " violating the law " by using the russian whales of 214 million rubles to borrow money from the russian airline companies . the court decided to postpone the trial until 12 july .
" the new government is a new policy that is aimed at curbing the threat of corruption , " he said .
( bi yuan )
the responsible post of guangxi has been supervised by the administrative efficiency of the work of supervising the work of the government .
since the beginning of this year , various localities and departments in guangxi have launched activities to change the style of cadres and strengthen the effectiveness of organs , and have implemented the first responsibility system to ask for responsibility when the time limit of power is imposed , the " three systems " system of accountability has been implemented , and 33 departments directly under the autonomous region have been listed in the administrative network for supervising the effectiveness of the responsibilities of the departments directly under the autonomous region .
up to now , 619 people have been held accountable .
the reporter learned from the zhanzhou autonomous region discipline inspection commission on 5 july that at present , guangxi has initially formed a situation in which the administrative efficiency of the autonomous region 's leading cadres at the key departments are responsible for their posts . the 14 cities ' electronic supervision systems have been completely connected with the autonomous region 's internet .
the regional administrative efficiency electronic supervision system directly connects the investment environment and the people 's production and life .
meanwhile , discipline inspection and supervisory organs at all levels in guangxi have seriously investigated and dealt with cases involving the harm of the work style of the masses and have so far investigated and verified a total of 11,769 pieces of illegally possessed materials , and dealt with 6,619 people of 584 units .
hu jintao , member of the standing committee of the cpc central committee , secretary of the provincial discipline inspection commission , said on 5 july that administrative efficiency supervision is a work that is always accompanied by administrative activities and should gradually form a long - term mechanism .
guangxi should further improve and standardize the administrative management system , and establish and perfect the administrative efficiency supervision mechanism .
the united states has decided to send a delegation to the six - party talks on the korean nuclear issue , the chinese foreign ministry said here tuesday .
nato does not rule out the possibility of establishing a new security concept with us cooperation on the issue of the abm system
nato news agency , simon sia mann , said on 9 july that the nato government will not rule out the possibility of placing the us anti - missile system on its own defense system with nato .
simonia mann is the first country to establish a military alliance with the united states , which is aimed at increasing the number of troops in the region , said the spokesman .
she said : nato has its own theater missile defense system , and has already begun to discuss the establishment of a strategic missile defense system , and has pushed the us abm system to a new height in the relations between the united states and nato itself .
she also said that the us policy on establishing an anti - missile system in europe will be promptly adopted by nato to establish a missile defense system in europe .
the united states has decided to send a delegation to the six - party talks on the korean nuclear issue , which will be held in beijing from june 28 to 28 , according to the chinese foreign ministry .
two jordanian men jailed for plotting attacks on americans
two jordanian men jailed for plotting attacks on us in jordan on 11 november by the national security court of jordan .
the two men , both aged 25 , were arrested for trafficking in dangerous drugs by a man .
the court said that hohigi was also accused of illegally possessing money from the police and searching for him .
the court originally decided to sentence hota to life imprisonment , and then thought of giving him a sum of money to change his mind . the court decided to reduce the amount of money collected for eight years .
the indictment said that the two defendants had been forced to leave the country after the outbreak of the iraq war , and had to report the muslim slavish hatred , and therefore plotted to attack the american living in jordan .
on august 6 , 2006 , they killed a man in the jordanian capital of amman .
the indictment did not make public the american citizen 's identity .
the indictment also accused the two defendants of attacking other americans ' plans , but did not reveal any specific details .
the united states has decided to send a delegation to the six - party talks on the korean nuclear issue , which will be held in beijing from june 28 to 28 , the chinese foreign ministry said here tuesday .
the chinese government has not made any efforts to deal with the problem of the spread of the disease .
according to us media reports on 15 june , the anti - diabetes drug , and other bad reactions have recently been occurring in the united states .
the us food and drug administration issued a safety report in may this year , suggesting that diabetes should be cautious in using the language , because scientists published a first edition of " new medicine magazine " on 21 may .
wen dianche 's criticism was therefore welcomed by doctors and patients .
statistics show that in the course of issuing security warnings , about one month after the issue of security warnings , the us pharmaceutical authority received 357 routine documents , which triggered bad reaction . among which 38 were the deaths report .
the " new york times " was held in january and february this year .
these bad responses were less than water soaked , and they were seriously injured in sudden heart attacks .
however , the us drug administration has not been able to provide the necessary information to the drug abusers .
the pmb will issue a report on the effectiveness of the vdi - adria case on july 30 .
in 1999 , the mysterious ville was a pancream that increased the sensitivity of the island , which was applicable to the treatment of adults .
there are about 6 million diabetes patients in the world who have taken the dosage or are taking the vescent diagnosis .
wen dianjue , a british scholar at the university of science and technology , said that the two countries have been very concerned about the impact of the sars .
the united states wants to reopen the middle east peace talks
us president bush said in a speech in washington on 16 july that he called for holding a meeting on the palestine - israel issue this fall to invite israeli prime minister yasuo fukuda to visit palestine and other relevant countries .
on 17 november , bush also called on egyptian president mubarak to explain the king 's life and saudi king 's desire to see him actively .
abbas said that the central committee of the plo will discuss the issue of the palestinian general election ahead of schedule
the palestinian national authority chairman abbas said in ramallah on 18 july that the palestinian liberation organization ( plo ) has decided to extend the two - day meeting to be held on the same day , and the meeting will discuss the issue of holding an early election of the palestinian national authority and the legislative council .
abbas said in a speech at the presidential palace in ramallah that the eu 's foreign and security affairs are important , and he will also meet with the eu leaders at a later joint press conference .
at the same time , abbas expressed his support for the relations between the palestinian national authority and the european union .
he said : the palestinian side welcomes the eu 's decision to take measures to improve the president 's office .
abbas urged the eu to continue to provide humanitarian aid to the palestinian people in gaza .
he reiterated the eu 's consistent stand on abbas and the people .
he said : the relevant resolutions on the middle east issue ( un resolution ) , which is a collective plate of the united states and russia , will convene on 19 july to discuss the issue of reopening the middle east peace process . in the next few days , there may be proposals .
he said that the eu had no reservation on the deployment of international troops in gaza , but it still needed to discuss with other parties , especially the issue of holding discussions with the united nations .
the united states has decided to send a delegation to the six - party talks on the korean nuclear issue , which will be held in beijing from june 28 to 28 , according to the chinese ministry of foreign affairs .
jiangxi will provide more than 30 years of education for health professionals in rural areas
for a long time , a large number of professionals in health and technical fields have been involved in rural work , and have made a good contribution to the health of the masses of peasants .
jiangxi province recently decided to impose a fine of $ 1 million on rural health technicians who have worked out their management duties for 30 years .
according to a report by the jiangxi provincial health department , the number of health care workers in the township and town hospitals who are engaged in professional and technical work in health care has the characteristics of having a high degree of academic qualifications and a primary health specialist at or above the level of hygiene . all medical personnel who have worked continuously or merged in the township and town health care institution , the mastery and monograph village , who have worked for 30 years in succession or merging
the first batch of confirmed cases were the end of july .
the state council will also provide assistance to rural health talents who meet the requirements for the work of rural health in the next 30 years , and will also provide them with a sense of urgency and a sense of urgency in the examination of the collective leadership of the provincial government .
senior assistant examination official says that the system of solar power is a standard one , and the assessment is based on the actual work capability . the examination will be relaxed appropriately , and the conditions for scientific research papers will be relaxed .
the jiangxi provincial health department will arrange a certain number of vacation quotas to give a certain amount of funds to the public .
starting this year , jiangxi province will open up more than 10,000 water conservancy projects in rural areas every two years .
the united states has decided to send a delegation to the six - party talks on the korean nuclear issue , the chinese foreign ministry said here tuesday .
the us department of defense reconsidered the plan to reduce us troops stationed in europe and the united states
us defense department officials said on the 23rd that due to the iraq war and the changes in the world situation , the us department of defense is reconsidering the possibility of cutting the number of us troops stationed in europe by about half .
the us media quoted an official of the us department of defense as saying that since the iraq war was still underway , and the us - russian and iranian relations worsened , the defense department has imposed a " no doubt " on the feasibility of the plan to reduce the number of troops stationed in europe .
when i was a member of the us defense department , rumsfeld announced that the united states would send troops to europe by 2012 to be replaced by the original 11.9 percent , which was the result of building a large army that was less than the sum of the experience .
at present , the us military forces in europe have fallen to pieces .
however , in june this year , us military european headquarters admiral john howard submitted a report to the current defense minister , which questioned the plan .
the report said that the us military in europe has made a series of moves in reducing its troops while reducing its troops .
the report proposes to stop cutting us troops stationed in europe .
the experts concerned in the united states believe that the above phenomenon shows that the iraqi war has been persecuted and chaotic , and the original us military adjustment plan has been unfolded .
the united states has decided to send a delegation to the six - party talks on the korean nuclear issue , which will be held in beijing from june 28 to 28 , according to the chinese foreign ministry .
the shandong provincial government has launched a large - scale campaign to send safe and safe films to the community to join in the construction of safety - related work sites in the community .
the people 's network qingdao , july 26 ( reporter song xuefeng ) - fan zhongliang ,
and provide a powerful driving force for further deepening the city 's civilization , and enhance the public 's awareness of the rule of law and the sense of traffic safety , and enhance their awareness of obeying the law . the city government has issued a series of important instructions on the work of combating floods and promoting clean government construction in the city plaza in july .
in the film , the cannes group will print the " truth " of the truth - seeking truth from facts , which has been printed by the film group , and some propaganda materials to the public and broadcast the " falungong " propaganda materials on life .
the scene of the movie was stirred up by the public , exhorted and enveloped with a scene of extreme warning .
in particular , the book " on school road " is a collection of the whole series of documents that allow people to understand the truth and love , and it also has received a profound education .
the film attracted the attention of more than 3,000 people around the square , especially the attention of some of the famous famous young people and migrant workers .
the number of accidents caused by traffic safety films to enter the community ( excerpts ) , and the number of people who were injured in the fire was also increased .
health ministry : nationwide total number of catering industries will gradually be instituted .
to better implement the spirit of the " food hygiene law " and the " state council 's " decision on further strengthening the work of food safety , " the ministry of health has separately issued a circular in beijing 's haidian district , jiangsu 's taishang city , zhejiang province , henan province , luoyang city , hubei province , hainan province , haipai tube , etc. , 10 " small - scale catching " and " small - sized " catching " cities in 10 regions ,
this system will also gradually move toward the whole country .
the catering and catering health supervision system is a system of open competition and a system of open competition for catering units based on day - to - day health supervision .
according to the information , the public health list will adopt the unified and unified mode as stipulated by the ministry of health , which includes nine on - the - spot inspections of the results of the comprehensive assessment of the results of the results of the investigation of the clinical results of the clinical examination , and the name of the organ that is responsible for the supervision and management of the public health situation , and the prominent location of the customer 's access to the information .
the united states has decided to send a delegation to the six - party talks on the korean nuclear issue , the chinese foreign ministry said here tuesday .
the security council decided to extend the term of office of the peacekeeping troops in ethiopia
the un security council unanimously adopted a resolution on 30 june to agree to extend the un security council 's role in international affairs to the international community .
the resolution demanded that all parties concerned fulfill their commitments , exercise restraint , ease the tense situation , and avoid snubbing military activities , and call on eritrea to immediately transfer its troops and equipment from the temporary security zone to appeal for a reduction in the temporary security area near the temporary security area .
the resolution demanded that the organization take concrete steps immediately to make the ecuador border commission act as a " state " without any encroachment , and demanded that the ecuador not delay the setting up of unauthorized assembly on the resolution of the eycho group and the operation of the eritrea group .
the resolution reiterated that it will fully support the work of the eritrea border committee and expressed its appreciation for the decision made by the council on september 6 in new york .
in 1998 , the country 's ancient silk road and the " red army " were killed by the bloody conflict .
in june 2000 , ethiopia and eritrea signed a ceasefire agreement in algiers , the capital of algeria .
the united nations began its efforts to crack down on the illegal immigrants in ethiopia 's border in july 2001 .
the chinese government has decided to set up a special fund to help the flood - hit areas in the western region , said the official with the central government here tuesday .
the national anticorruption competition opened in beijing
the chengdu military region 's chengdu , june 30 ,
the " falungong " practitioner , who was involved in the " falungong " cult , has been arrested in a joint effort to build a harmonious socialist society .
the six - day race attracted the attention of the 10 national - level men 's gene donation .
according to the regulations , the athletes participating in the competition must be a hot competitor , and their age is over 18 years old .
all the projects that will be launched in 2007 will be managed by the state sports general administration 's sports general administration 's sports general administration 's athletic management center .
the competition was held in beijing on tuesday . the latest version of the " rules of procedure " , which was approved by the china society for examination and approval , is divided into two stages .
the competition was jointly organized by the state sports general administration 's management center , the china association for sport management , and the china international sports corporation .
in recent years , the number of young cadres who have accumulated wealth in history has been developing rapidly , and the number of counties which have been commended by the masses has increased .
in particular , in the new rural construction , double - circulated counties have vigorously carried out the peasants ' sports undertaking , and have integrated the building of sports facilities with the rural areas ' beautification and elimination of loose monotonous landscape . they have built the stadium on the countryside and built it on the side of the peasants , and have allowed the sports service system to cover the rural areas . they have actively popularized the sports facilities and built the sports facilities in rural areas .
the third generation of the modern military uniform is a new type of military uniform .
first , the functions of identification .
different countries have different military branches and different military branches , and the people 's important signs of each other 's army and people are different .
in the world , the number of countries with a history of more than 100 countries has increased by a large margin , although the use of military uniforms is basically the same , the uniform uniform of the armed forces of the two countries is completely the same .
second , symbolizing functions .
to a certain extent , the uniform is a country 's spiritual outlook , and it is a national spirit that has the characteristics of a nation . it is a military fighter that has the ability to fight a battle .
in the courtyard , the sworn - out military uniform was used to be a model of military uniformity , which was most capable of fully demonstrating the power of outrage , and to exalt the aesthetic constellation of the hegemonic power of the united states .
third , the protective function .
with the development of new and high - tech weapons and equipment , we have improved the comprehensive defensive functions of new - type operational uniforms , which have the characteristics of anti - missile defense surveillance and control of chemical weapon systems , as well as the ability to control radiation from the chemical warfare , and the need to control the wet and wool gas from the mud .
( shi wei )
a certain brigade 's party committee organ has been brave in handling problems of perplexity and difficulty in handling problems of perseverance and perseverance in the organs of the party committee of the brigade .
the chengdu military region 's third army aviation regiment held a news conference on 3 july in chengdu , chengdu .
mr suen was appointed as the chairman of the board of directors of the hong kong branch of the chinese academy of social sciences ( cas ) .
today , a communications brigade of the chengdu military region sent more than 10 crews of a qigong training unit to a certain area of the chengdu military region , and they all expressed their concern over the problems of the leading party committee collectively and decisively solved the problem , which was brave to tackle the problem , and was full of respect and admiration .
a few years ago , with the personnel 's involvement , the family members of this group had a house of houses overtaken by the rules , which had resulted in the difficulty of housing for cadres on the job , and the officers and men were quite concerned about this .
the group also cleared several real estate items , which were all caused by various resistance .
the sword was like a flash , and it was not possible to resolve the difficult problem .
the new leading body of the party committee reached a consensus , and the principal leaders personally took the initiative to investigate all the problems of unauthorized housing holding .
on the one hand , they were involved in a stir , hoping that the personnel concerned would be punished , and they would say that the army had been plagued by the " money - raising room " that was used for economic purposes . this shows the party committee 's firm determination and principled stand .
we should conduct a comprehensive review of the housing situation and the situation of the housing market .
after two months of meticulous work , the problems of all irregularities within the border , which account for over 50 percent of the households that have violated regulations , were removed from the house according to the regulations .
the party committee of the group has the courage to deal with the real situation and has also produced a negative effect . the original several " three stresses " education which was not willing to cooperate actively with the organization distribution has also been declared to be subordinated to the organization 's decision .
qiao qingchen meets bangladesh air force chief of staff
the beijing - based staff report on july 9 ,
reporter zhang shun reporting : cmc member guo jinlong , commander of the air force , met with bangladesh air force chief of staff jaswant assan and his party in beijing today .
qiao said that the two countries have had good relations since the establishment of diplomatic ties , and the two countries have maintained frequent high - level contacts , and friendly exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been constantly strengthened .
no matter what they have done in international affairs or in the course of building their respective countries , the two countries have supported each other in helping each other with close cooperation .
the chinese side appreciates and thanks bangladesh for its support for china on issues such as taiwan 's human rights conditions and tibet .
qiao said that the chinese army treasures the traditional friendship with the bangladesh army and hopes that the friendly relations between the two countries will be further expanded with the joint efforts of the two sides
he said that the bangladesh side will make new contributions to the further development of the relations between the two armed forces , especially the air force of the two countries .
he reiterated that the bangladesh government will , as always , uphold the one - china policy .
prior to the meeting , qiao qingchen held a welcoming ceremony for zimbabwe 's visit .
qi arrived in beijing on the evening of 19 november at the invitation of qiao qingchen .
the 7 th military uniform designers , the china military net
the beijing - based military region 's shenyang military region 's shenyang military region 's shenyang military region has achieved a breakthrough in its development since 1 august .
this evening , the chinese military net specially invited military personnel who needed to be transferred to civilian life for military purposes , chen jun , deputy director of the armament department , and senior engineer of the equipment research institute of military equipment , su yang , who is a senior engineer , and a new company of military experts , who were born in and outside the army , to provide a new military uniform service to the netizens .
the two guests are the 07 - style military uniform design and the direct cream for development .
on the new military uniform , jiang zemin said that the new military uniform group has a new type of military uniform , which is particularly important in changing itself .
the 7 - style military uniform is the most important characteristic of the military uniqueness , the functions of the armed forces are the requirements of human nature , and the pla 's uniform has achieved the goal of coordinating the three armed services ' series of collective varieties , which indicates that the building of military uniforms has made a historic leap forward .
the two guests also exchanged views on the varieties of the new uniform , the type of plasma , and other issues of common concern with the netizens .
this compromises was made by the china military net and the china netease netizens , which jointly sponsored a large - scale demonstration of the internet .
jingjiang city 's people 's armed police platform elevates the quality of cadres with wu 's own hands
the pla general staff headquarters has recently issued a circular on the work of the pla navy and air force units in the nanjing military region .
this is a great achievement made by the ministry of personnel in connection with the reality of the post and the efforts to raise the comprehensive quality of cadres with specialized abilities .
early this year , the mps party committee held a forum at the grassroots level to study and study the important thinking of the ' three represents ' and the important thinking of the ' three represents ' and the important thinking of the ' three represents ' and the important thinking of the ' three represents ' and the important thinking of the ' three represents ' on the basis of the party 's basic line .
in this connection , they have adopted a centralized training method to support local governments in their efforts to train personnel on a regular basis .
in light of the central task , we should boldly carry out tasks to be done by cadres , and through the training of posts , we should improve our ability to work .
at the same time , they actively coordinated local organizational departments , jointly formulated the " regulations on the selection of cadres by the specialized wu " , and clearly stipulated that the armed forces minister must join the party committee , and will not be allowed to take other posts .
the chinese government has established a mechanism for the adjustment and exchange of cadres with special skills to adapt to the situation of some young cadres who are not in good shape to the grassroots armed forces , promptly adjusted and exchanged cadres , and made a correct assessment of the comrades who have a strong comprehensive quality and have a strong ability to do their work .
not long ago , the new century 's executive director , chen yisong , led the militia technical detachment to innovate and develop underwater vessels to fill the gap in domestic technology , which was upgraded to the company 's armed forces department .
the good will be good at the beginning .
the results of the match alone are that 2 to 2 , 2 , 2 , 2 , 2 , and 2 , are reasonable , and they are acceptable . the key is the process of the competition , and how many people feel regret .
if the iranian team 2 - 0 is the lead , then it will be the first to be the top one , and then it will definitely give china a different feeling , and will be very long - standing .
good at the beginning cannot be good , and we can say that it is a old problem .
the compromises are often made under the circumstances of the situation .
this is indeed a kind of unacceptable , unacceptable , and unacceptable cause .
however , from the perspective of today 's competition , it seems that it seems to be all right .
sun jigan , who is a native of qingdao , was a native of the city of kaesong , a famous ancient city in the world .
this was a sorrow that the iranian team forced the ping , but the reason was probably that the last round of the deployment would be handed over to the authorities .
iran 's team has been in a state of backwardness , and the scene was immediately enclosed .
the second half of the compartment also changed three types of symptoms , but the results were not good .
we should overcome the tendency of being good at the beginning and being good at the end , and should find the root cause of problems .
as long as the problems are accurately identified and the methods for changing problems are not found , it is probably not hard to find them .
fear that the emergency situation will be affected and the hospital will be treated unruly .
if this is done , then it will be more cheap and more matches . old problems will still be committed . if you talk about it , you will not be able to play a further game that everyone is looking forward to .
the ministry of public security gave a collective rewarding ceremony to the guangdong border hospital 's second collective meritorious collective meritorious service .
the report by the shenzhen military region on july 18 ,
mr lee was briefed on the latest developments in the area of water supply and the supply of water in the pla 's medical insurance for many years .
this morning , the ministry of public security gave a solemn reception to the guangdong border defense corps hospital 's second collective meritorious service conference and the advanced deeds of supporting the government and aiding the people .
the guangdong border defense corps hospital has regarded building a harmonious society as a key link in the buji case of shenzhen , which was established one after another , the baoan county of shenzhen , and the other three pingyuan hospital specially for the migrant workers from outside the country , and the fees for the intake of the medical workers are only one yuan , and the charge of the surcharge of the surcharge can be reaped eight times .
the hospital has specially equipped a heavy burden vehicle with a tugitious service vehicle , free reception for migrant workers , and a temporary health service for migrant workers . the sooner the solar is required to collect seven yuan from the monthly money , the 12 basic medical examination and guarantee .
this will benefit the people and benefit the peasants ' and workers .
from a tube , the hospital also carried out a large - scale mass curtain - warning ceremony , which was held at a critical juncture , and organized eight emergency meetings of the experts of the eye control bureau to go to the tibetan state of health , yunnan , etc. to send a brighter , and other important message of health to the public , and to conduct a white barrier operation without charge of nearly 3,000 cases , thus making the patients very bright .
the armed police force changed its name from 1 august to 7 - style clothing , which was used to replace the seven - style clothing and costume .
the beijing - based staff report on 19 july , liu zhifeng , a native of taijiao city , reported that the armed police force will change its seven - style clothes one after another from 1 august .
today , this reporter learned from the pla 's 07 style apparel issuing ceremony and cartographic donation activities that the current change of the 07 - style clothes was a common gift , a classical classroom , a classroom , which is the most popular among the four types of abovesthetic strains .
the compartment is composed of the existing olive green green features , which is a deep olive , green , pole and pair . all of them have a common sensation . the overall design is a strong feeling . on the establishment of the no. 1 type , they are used to refer to the national garment standard .
the female officers and men were found to have covered up the plain of the hats , and the temporary uniform was replaced by the gateway , the summer elite , the wax - shaped structure , the spring autumn season 's usually - type suit - - - - shaped design .
the newly added name list is a new form of national defense enrollment and a blue ribbon belt , and the label of a label that is redesigned . the badge of the blank is a symbol of the collective leadership , and has enhanced the function of the identification , and enhanced the sense of beauty .
the armed police force 's 07 - year clothing will be replaced in three years .
on august 27 , 2007 , the pla general staff department held a meeting with the entire army to discuss the issues of reform and development in the military and the development of the military . the group of representatives presented a gift , and the " falungong " cult organization has been replaced by its cadres and its soldiers stationed in beijing .
in may , he was a soldier of other troops who was born in spring and autumn and was usually a common sense .
in october , he became a popular singer in the winter .
on december 9 , 2009 , the first day of the lunar new year , the chinese people 's liberation army [ pla ] held a national defense mobilization meeting .
training should be subordinated to the practice of changing the situation into a situation of gradual change .
a certain base of the second artillery corps was plagued by a small plate of complicated and long - distance education .
the first batch of experts and scholars from the chinese academy of social sciences [ cass ] , which is a difficult resource for the poor , has been uneasy for the poor to fight , and will be launched at a base of the second artillery corps .
the reporter recently learned that after half a year of experiments , the base has issued the " implementation of the ' program for ideological and political education ' " to cover all the military bases and the " program for the ideological and political education " .
and provide a powerful ideological weapon for promoting the " program on ideological and political education " . at the beginning of this year , the base organized forces to conduct ideological and political education among small , scattered , and directly subordinate units , thereby affecting and restricting the results of the education - oriented personnel , and initially formed a pattern of coordination among small , remote , and directly - directly - administered units .
the specific methods of the co - operation zone are to break the demarcation line between the unit and the unit , and to be used to organize the unit to be a unit at the level of a brigade and regiment level , to conduct unified planning for the subject education , and units under different affiliated organizations have reached a consensus on hearing or on the basis of the close - to - stage hearing on the same platform or the application system .
the practice of imposing restrictions on cadres with extravagance and competing for posts has been adopted , and the practice of unified deployment of educational forces has been carried out in a unified way , the use of educational hardware in the region , the sharing of experience in education , and the exchange of experience in education by various units . the typical circuit reporting system for regular organizational districts has been exchanged among officers and men .
each co - ordination district has established a mechanism for educating young talents and professionals to provide information collection services .
on this basis , all the cooperation areas have established a mechanism for assistance in difficult problems , which has resulted in a common understanding of the urgent ideological situation , and a system of evaluation .
the political department of the base , zhang hemin , told reporters that the establishment of a political education and coordination zone has reduced the waste of educational resources and deepened the results of education .
some political worries are scared of the loss of the officers and men of units outside the country , and they take the initiative to learn new knowledge and explore new methods for education .
the officers and men receiving education have also actively publicized the contents of education , fearing that they will be able to learn from the outside when discussing and analyzing the issues .
such a situation of extreme urgency and perseverance has been effectively stimulated .
a certain amount of money was spent on the construction of a certain naval fleet in the north sea fleet .
the pla daily 's " red army " report , which was published by the general staff headquarters of the north sea fleet , was published in the great hall of the people on 17 july .
the six - level nco luo xiang happily told this author : the leaders of the group care and love the soldiers and let us feel deeply moved . after we return , we will certainly work hard to make efforts to build a beautiful future !
and organize soldiers at the grassroots level to collect money from the brigade for the first time .
not long ago , when zhang qingsheng went deep into the grass - roots level to see that some fighters responsible for the work were braving the danger of carrying out repairs work and making yao qingsheng very moved .
the soldiers of the regiment have gone all out to work for the soldiers , and the party committee should be concerned about the soldiers ' health and be responsible for the health of the soldiers . yao qingsheng 's remarks have won the endorsement of all of them at the party committee .
after studying the decision , the party committee decided to transfer the power of the higher authorities to the group 's group , which was distributed to all soldiers working on the frontline .
a certain unit of the jinan military region has openly adopted a series of measures to encourage the people to understand the situation and to practice the spirit of the times .
the pla daily news agency
wang weimin 's " theory of the communist party of china " was published in jinan military region on 25 july . he saw that a piece of paper written with the military engineering project 's financial expenditure and the promotion of a cadre to join the party .
according to political commissar su cheng - sen , this is the first time that the ministry has adopted a series of measures to promote the system of opening government affairs to the public .
the unit party committee has made important contributions to strengthening the building of party style and clean government , and has formulated the " two - way supervision at the grassroots level of government organs " , which has a " public notice on sensitive issues , " and so on , and demanded that all major issues involving the immediate interests of officers and men and that they make decisions and , depending on the results of the procedures of handling affairs , and so on , publicly publicly publicly announced the results of the procedures for handling affairs
the unit has set up a plate of water - saving materials , a wide range of water - saving and sensational power , and a wide - ranging of views and suggestions from all of us .
early this year , the soldiers ' dormitory renovation project was completed and started . before the start of the project , party committees solicited the opinions of the officers and men , and then issued the tender information and carried out open tender bidding .
this has saved the funds and won the support of the officers and men .
the work of making government affairs transparent and just has promoted the healthy practice of the grassroots .
in this unit , grassroots companies , no matter how big the issues of hot and sensitive issues are , or how small they are , are , and how small the day - to - day expenses of individual accounts are , all have insisted on making regular public announcements and consciously accepting mass supervision .
us research shows housing prices fall short of two types of genetic factors
london , july 2 ( xinhua ) icelandic scientists discovered that two genes of genetic origins were inquent , far higher than the common people .
according to the latest edition of " nature " magazine , icelandic 's pope john paul cauliar has a strong interest in the excitement of the united states and the several thousand people from hong kong , china .
the discovery of these two genes and heart - to - heart early , important roles of scientists have similar features .
the house was so shock that it was a clinical cushion .
according to a report published on 1 july , the " natural genetic theory " magazine , the quest of the bone marrow was a research fellow at the human genome at the dome no . 17 .
the study also found that one of the genes is a new way to improve the risk of people 's prevalence , while the risk of cardiovascular cancer is also lowered .
( sports ) us elder general keleer america cup may be discharged after the match
xinhua news agency , marathon , july 3 , by reporter jian liu
according to the venezuelan media , the 37 - year - old man of the family of the family of the family of the family said in an interview with the media that if the us - asian cup could not find a suitable club effect , he would choose to retire .
if the united states and europe ended their match , they will be able to get the world 's most advanced and the most powerful , and the most powerful and most powerful , the most powerful and most powerful one .
with the development of the country 's economy , the country 's economy has been growing rapidly .
although kelle is sincere in taking his hands , he is still awaiting the bitter experience of the authorities . he is obviously not worried about the next family . he himself has now been in a state of anxiety for eight teams to be invited to attend .
however , this former us president who had been overly versed by western hemisphere and german - made , said that he was finally looking at how to choose the right to depend on the family and my children are nine years old . he followed me in three different countries to await the arrival of the three .
at the recent golden cup tournament , kelle played an outstanding role in helping the team win the championship .
the current american cup tournament is still being held by the main coach buffett . however , nyron 's fists are still unable to beat the four hands of the enemy , and they are using the young guard 's nearly - awn military to launch a " decisive battle " in the argentine state of overassassination . the two matches he has been held seven times in the eastern region .
the next round of the match against the colombian team will probably be a match between the team and keller in the american cup tournament .
china 's top legislator on smarter 's smart handshake to land in china
xinhua news agency , ottawa , july 15 , the canadian " global post " said in a report that after eight years of efforts , the canadian government 's " qaiba " company , a black - strawberries ( " solvent " ) , has finally been approved to enter the chinese market , and the first black - walker cell phone will be listed on the market in china at the end of august .
the " falungong " cult organization has been a major move to " defend the country and the people " to " protect " the country 's sovereignty and territorial integrity , " including the shanghai municipal of china , shanghai , etc.
the " global post " cites the bitter lesson of beijing office , which said that the black swawberry 8700g smart cell will be launched in late august .
bob said that the united states was the largest trade partner of the world 's largest trading partner , and the largest investor in the world , the number of companies that were listed on the stock market was increasing .
according to statistics , in the first quarter of this year , the number of newly added users of black swawberry 's mobile phones has reached 1.2 million , and the total number of users has reached 91,000 .
us president says iraq to be more killed by bicycle
xinhua news agency , july 7 , a spanish woman was killed by mongkok , and the two men were killed in the struggle .
according to local media reports on 6 june , the woman was arrested in the city of valencia .
one day , a mongkok man was arrested in a shop , thinking that it was a catastrophe , and then told him that he had taken money from a drawer .
but the man did not take money , but was crushing the woman .
she wanted to use the method of killing people to express sympathy for the calamity , but the man did not let her go , or did she kick her and knife her neck .
during the fighting , the woman was dragged into a thick mask , but found a mystery of the person as her husband .
the assailant was arrested by the police .
the victims told the media that the victims had been injured because of their unharmonious feelings .
13 pilots resign from donghang airport
wuhan , july 11 ( xinhua ) the wuhan municipal government announced here today that it will continue to provide a new service to the people of the country
13 pilots have put forward resignation , while five others have been involved in the case of the china eastern aviation limited liability company .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration commission is currently examining the case .
in may this year , 13 eastern airlines and wuhan airline pilots successively presented their resignation , and were refused by the company .
the pilot was sent to the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee in early june .
the eastern wuhan company received a notice , and the proposal was made to oppose the proposal , asking 13 pilots to separately pay the fees that violated the labor contract and to remove the labor contract .
it is learned that the pilots and the eastern airlines signed an unfixed period of labor contract . in addition to the fact that the conditions were suspended or the conditions for lifting the contracts , the effect of the labor contract will continue to reach the age of the pilot .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee has made the case appeal and anonymity handling , and is expected to try the case before 8 august .
us government calls for cooperation with russia
xinhua news agency , july 12th , rikh - hong ( reporter yang dehong ) - german foreign minister schroeder , who is visiting the country , called on the russian side to pass the larceny border treaty as soon as possible .
schroeder said that the two countries have had a good exchange of views on the issues of common concern .
after the talks , the press conference held at the press conference , stinmer called on the russian side to pass the lula border treaty as soon as possible .
schroeder said that the government 's efforts to build a new government in the region , which is a matter of great concern , are very slow in the pace of the entire country and russia 's improvement of relations .
on 27 march this year , after 10 years of efforts , the united states decided to impose sanctions on china 's accession to the wto , which was signed by prime minister karvasic and russian prime minister vladimir putin in moscow .
on 17 may , the ldp passed a resolution on the lashkar border treaty .
according to reports from the media , the russian parliament will vote on the treaty in the near future .
us president says dprk , rok to hold sixth round of talks
pyongyang , july 16 ( xinhua ) the dprk government has decided to send a delegation to the dprk for talks on the nuclear issue , which is scheduled to begin on july 16
the dprk and the rok military representatives held talks on 16 june at a military meeting of ministers , during which they decided to hold a meeting of the sixth round of six - party talks from 24 to 26 july .
according to the reports of the central news agency , the dprk military representative , the dprk 's representative , kim il - song , put forward the proposal of conducting a " joint military exercise " in the yinping island of the western sea area to the bai island in the dprk , and elaborated on the reasons for this .
he said : establishing common ground areas must be carried out to the maximum extent in order to seek common prosperity and common prosperity for the nation and to ensure peace and stability .
pak lin - soo said that there is a profound traditional friendship between the two countries on the sea , and that in order to prevent military conflicts between the two sides in the western sea area , the two sides should abandon their own maritime boundaries and recognize and respect each other 's territorial waters so that the relevant agreement between the dprk and the dprk and the universally recognized legal consultations can be regarded as the basis for consultation .
he said that the timely formulation of military support measures to promote the dprk - rok cooperation and exchange is a major policy that the dprk has always adhered to .
he said : the rok side should make a military response at present to ensure the dprk 's nongovernmental security ships can be shipped from the haizhou port to the south and the dprk 's ports in jizhou .
this is another major move taken by the dprk and the rok in the near future following the 10 th of this month .
the fifth dprk - rok summit was held on 8 and 11 may in the panoramanian capital of panmunjom . the meeting was held in a unified manner .
us - uk car denies purchase of wolfowitz
xinhua news agency , seoul , july 18 , south korea 's hyundai motor corporation said in seoul on july 18 that it had no intention to buy volvo or qassanchor motor 's flag .
the " sunday times " also published a commentary entitled " the new york times " and " the new york times " which all the other day , which could possibly sell volvo .
the " sunday times " also said that the " national security report " also said that the rok hyundai motor company is a potential hazard to wolfowitz .
the spokesman said that the decision was made after the government decided to buy wolfowitz or luhu .
in 1999 , the number of cases of embezzlement was 64.5 - billion us dollars , and the sales of wolfowitz brands from sweden 's wolfowitz group .
at present , the price of wovers and pairs of throats is all subordinate to the chief automobile group ( formerly known as the tyranny ) .
in march this year , the amount of money was stolen , with the money being sold to the us dollar , which was once again exposed , and the amount of money was also considered to sell the road tiger and the chip .
( sports ) cuba 's top player in cannon ropes
xinhua news agency , rio de janeiro , july 21 ( reporter chen weihua and cold tong ) - the rivalry of the chinese government and people 's government have decided to send a delegation to the united nations on the occasion of the 20 th of july to discuss the latest developments in the middle east peace process .
the cuban delegation was sworn in on 21 november , and the rope of the fist of the current us games will influence the performance of the boxing .
according to the rules of the international fists , the number of boxers who were playing the role of the international fists should be 6.1 meters , but the number of blows should be 60.1 meters , but the number of the total number of participants in the fist of the cuban delegation 's survey , which is the most recent us sports meet .
roque said : we have submitted a proposal to the government , because the decision is not in the interest of cuba .
the rope will have a sms effect on the fists ' shots , and the curtain will be raised .
he also said : " i am afraid that if you are looking for a solution that is not in the standard of the olympic games , you can go to the other place .
as you know , we have learned from cuba that the united states has become a threat to the united states .
mexico and colombia also expressed their support for the boxers ' efforts in fighting the ropes .
colombian boxer juoo d'ivoire , although the first battle victory , his said : the peril i beat the victory , and i won the first match , but the boxer attack was too narrow , and i really felt uneasy .
the big wheat wheat wheat reexports overseas
xinhua news agency report of july 24 from shanghai ( by staff reporter xu shousong and lishui ) - - this reporter learned from the guansheng garden company limited that the overhaul of the large white - ray wheat wheat wheat at the shanghai port has been restored recently , and many overseas governments have demanded that the order be drawn up one after another .
the guinness garden is a popular place for the people of the country and the people .
the guinness of the guanyuan 's malaysia fukui seng company said that it was necessary to ask the guansheng garden to immediately send a large white hake from shanghai to malaysia .
the guinness garden is a five - year - old man who has been a member of the hong kong food safety center ( hkfs ) in hong kong .
the hsbc has received a report from the hong kong huawei corporation ( hkc ) that it has resumed its sales of more than 100 cosmetic crescent cosmetic crescent cosmetic cosmetic crescent sugar in hong kong .
it is learned that the shanghai port once had 10 types of loopholes , which were once overly loaded , and the export was gradually restored .
at present , seven containers are in the sea , and the dairy dairy is being released to singapore .
us manufacturing sector to create blows by british bomb
london , july 26 ( xinhua ) the british police announced on july 26th that the creation of a special - purpose prison that was a threat of heavy bombs in mid - july was made at the kristina state in lankao prefecture on the 23rd .
the police said that the man was called proudly mcdonald 's , 51 , and was unemployed .
on 14 july , a group of british national leaders visited the united kingdom 's 14 th congress , which was caused by a bomb threat .
it is exactly the british public who bought the high - end purchasing power that the 14 companies were involved in the closure of the british company that was the largest ever loss of money , which was the most difficult to sell .
the british police then carried out a search on the bomb threat and arrested the suspect .
( sports ) changing the stage of flowers to be the cause of the miserable monument of the beijing olympics , the blooming blooming blooming blooming of the blooming blooming blooming of the beijing olympics
beijing , july 28 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to host the 2008 olympic games in beijing to make a festive and humid august , beijing is expected to become a sea of overflow .
by changing the technological mode of flower and other means , scientific research personnel have found a way to increase the color of the olympic games .
on 28 july , the summer olympics was held in beijing , where the new varieties of rice were selected and used for research and were tested and accepted by experts , the assessment was concluded that the use of new technology to promote control , the natural floral period , different types of products or varieties may be introduced in summer , and the beijing olympic games will be held in august , the best results will be achieved .
in beijing summer , the temperature could only be seen in a dozen or so kinds of highly experienced , or even out of the limitations , or even far from reaching the level of being covered up to the mark .
after making efforts , scientific research personnel selected the summer olympic hosts of 206 types , which are the best in choosing the summer olympic games .
in the beijing haidian park , the 2007 olympic games were held in beijing , where the monument was opened , and the countdown was held before and after the opening of the beijing olympic games . a number of outstanding talents , which was painstakingly cultivated by scientific research personnel , could not naturally open flowers in august , will be used to welcome the flower 's flower 's flower .
us government to win victory in parliamentary election
xinhua news agency , july 30 , by reporter jian wang
on 22 july , the election of the parliament was held in the presidential election of the major opposition republicans .
the national action party has won 71 seats in the election .
in addition to the three political parties mentioned above , 26 other members of congress were elected .
the new parliament will be formed in august .
at that time , all members will be sworn in and begin to perform their duties .
since then , the parliament will pass a vague vote to elect a new speaker .
the turkish parliament election was originally scheduled to be held in november , but the result of the presidential election held in late april was that the opposition parties had no choice but to make a decision on the matter of the only candidate who belongs to justice and the development of the party 's vice prime minister and foreign minister , which led to the failure of the presidential election .
