the white house urged nuclear inspectors to supervise north korea 's closure of nuclear reactors
the white house today urged the dispatch of nuclear prosecutors to oversee north korea 's closing of its nuclear reactors , and the white house was established after us president bush and south korean president roh moo - hyun talked over the phone .
" the white house national security council spokesman , formerly cho , said that the two leaders discussed the issue of the united states and south korea cooperating in north korea 's nuclear issue and hoped that iaea inspectors would return to north korea soon to supervise north korea 's nuclear reactors .
the two presidents also expressed their satisfaction with the signing of the us - south korea free trade agreement yesterday and will work to ensure the smooth development of the agreement .
experts believe that pyongyang 's production of plutonium has been increasing to 12 nuclear weapons over the past 20 years .
the us special envoy for the six - party talks , hill , said after pyongyang last week that he expected the nuclear reactors in ning would be closed in mid - july .
43 killed in heavy rain in western india
india 's western region was hit by a thunderstorm on the weekend , and some areas were seriously flooded , and the large cities in the western region were closed to traffic .
the rescue officials said today that 43 people were killed in the accident .
the winds of the new century will be blasted in six to september each year , with the result that the flood of the country , which has a population of 1 billion , is rampant and even caused casualties .
the death toll of the victims was drowned by the flood while the other was drowned by the houses or the pit .
india 's financial center was also under control .
the two days of the 29 th , the mangjiao city , and the dacheng company , were the only ones who were in charge of the project .
chief executive paul cazak said that there were 13 deaths in alone .
officials of the city government urged residents to pay attention to the public before the rainy and slight rainfall to protect their own safety .
the rain was slightly drifted yesterday , and most parts of the city were still flooded today .
nearly 500 dead in indian flood
according to the official and media reports , the total loss of magnitude caused by the torrential rain in india this year has climbed to 4:00 .
the indian news trust quoted the government 's head and reconstruction affairs minister kadan as saying today that the recent week of india 's provinces have entered the cities of southwestern china , with the number of casualties and economic losses , and the number of people living in the city of jazara , india 's largest city .
the report points out that when inspecting the city , kardan made the above remarks to the media .
he said : at the same time , india 's largest cotton producing area , jirt province , is a vast sea area , with 27 cities and towns taking part in the dragons seriously affected by water calamity , and more than 10,000 disaster victims are safely covered by the disaster .
india 's entire territory is moving from the south to the north , and a week ago it entered into the province 's territory . all the residents of various provinces have been holding a mood of drought and greeting the rainy and rainy , but they have not been expected to suffer a sudden disaster , and the roads are as heavy as a result . the housing of low - lying areas has not been hit by water , and the transportation of the houses is paralyzed . nearly 500 people have
the first time in the world is the world 's most important player .
the spanish king of the red earth , the emperor of the red earth , today launched a battle against the star of the wengbolton 4 th team , and the competition , jitovic , who was unable to fight again because of the injury , will be in contact with the world 's world 's soccer team , fanger , the french champion , who is the champion of the royal tiger battle .
george koovic 's match with the team of the group of eight was both called for security guards to treat the slump during the competition . he beat the team to the third place today because of the water blisters from the trench , and later asked the guard to receive medical treatment . he was forced to take care of the guard and then to fight back .
fourth seed georgovic retreated to the third - quarter finals , which had been used as three - six - six - one lead , won the second seed .
besides the hot - air game , nagojo was also hit by a broken situation .
satellite shows iran 's excavation tunnel to protect nuclear equipment
the us institute of think tank science and international security said today that commercial satellites show that iran is currently conducting uranium enrichment activities near the nandan uranium enrichment facility , and may be trying to get the ground to protect the nuclear equipment when the air raid is being launched .
these are made up of the us - based wharf , the us - based salt - based salt - shaped byx , and announced the launch of the website of the institute of science and international security on june 11 .
the institute is in washington , where it is a non - profit research organization .
tape shows that the water level in the south of nagitz is moving toward the mountain , and the facilities are a trunk - filled plant .
analysts , outright and blunan , pointed out in a report that the images of the thorn tunnel were not clear , but the road seemed to be in a single tunnel .
they said : the building of a tunnel in the mountains will be completed by air attack when the tunnel is being built .
un special envoy calls for nuclear talks with iran
the un international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) deputy director general hainoonen today held talks with iranian officials in order to resolve the nuclear deadlock in iran again .
however , iranian president emily ahmadinejad 's pressure on further sanctions at the united nations has grown , and he still continues to stubbornly resist .
the iranian government will not stop uranium enrichment activities , but it welcomes the latest talks .
he said : the move of installing drops or speed up can be slowed down or accelerated . this is a question of implementation . however , no one should expect us to give up our rights , and we will not stop moving toward this direction .
he made the above remarks after hainoin arrived in beijing .
the purpose of hainning 's visit is to formulate a plan to resolve the nuclear crisis in iran .
un reports on failure to freeze uranium enrichment activities have already imposed two sets of sanctions against iran .
the iranian news agency reported that hainoin and iran 's supreme national security council were responsible for international affairs , the official said .
the iranian nuclear issue is a major issue for the iran nuclear issue .
palestinian prime minister fadel to form new government in jajad
the palestinian authorities have been in the vicinity of the balkan capital of the capital city of krasaki for a month .
hhabarachi , minister of agriculture and social affairs , told afp that prime minister thaksin shinawatra had asked abbas to accept the chairman and also demanded that he be responsible for the daily new cabinet .
abbas told afp that france 's resignation was a major issue for the country 's security policy .
the respected economist fayd has put forward his resignation , but it is only a procedural resignation , and will not waver his position as prime minister .
since last month , france and germany have led the palestinian emergency cabinet to take charge of the implementation of abbas 's statement of violence in the jewish state of java .
according to the basic law of the palestinian autonomous government , without the consent of the parliament , the council should not be allowed to stay for more than 30 days , but the autonomy council is now in a state of paralysis .
the power of the government of emergency was expired today .
wto representative 's proposal to break the deadlock in the negotiations between doha
the main negotiator of the world trade organization today proposed that the united states substantially reduce subsidies to agriculture , and the developing countries have greatly reduced the import tariffs on industrial products in order to break the impasse in the negotiations on trade between doha and kazakhstan .
the official said that the new draft plan requires that the united states increase its annual subsidies to agriculture from $ 100.00 to $ 200 million . the new model will be used to reduce the import tariffs of industrial products to below .
the proposal aims to break the fta deadlock over the past six years and to promote the wto member nations to reach a compromise agreement .
wto secretary general prodi said these proposals were intended to achieve a balanced goal and to develop into a direction agreement , and to create a fair and reasonable foundation for the agreement .
lamy said that the content of the proposal was not completely satisfactory , but the disastrous problem currently caused by discriminatory issues was less pronounced on the question of reaching a consensus .
he called for intensive negotiations in the next few weeks .
strong earthquake affects the production of the japanese car plant ,
japan 's car - financed car buffet , which was hit by a strong earthquake this week , said today that they would even suspend domestic auto production .
japan 's jakarta - - densely - structured , munia - vp - shaped - up company - - was forced to suspend operations in tokyo 's chiyaoju area and the company was affected by the production of a vehicle plant .
the world 's most popular car dealer , a female spokesperson , said that the russell car will be suspended from tonight until 21 february .
the spokesman for japan 's products said that from the day to the 23 rd , the japanese products were produced in two of the three japanese factories , and that the weekend would be suspended and the situation would be reassessed .
he said : both factories have two proofs , one of which is expected to be affected , but the company may be able to increase its rotational classes next month to make up for the progress of backward production .
zimbabwe said that the three days from tomorrow will be suspended for some production , production of the tucu car , japan 's fuji company will also suspend production of small cars and will suspend production for 21 days .
the car said that it may suspend some of the supplies of yangling - pinger next week .
the earthquake killed at least 10 people and injured people .
jason 's decision to sell greenhouse gas
according to a report by the national bureau of statistics ( ndrc ) , the country has canceled a draft plan to sell british bag earlier this month .
the paddy nymdin , the indonesian plaza in the high consumption zone , said that due to the hong kong incident , we cancelled the activities on the environmental bag .
if the public is to be 140,000 rubles ( about nt $ 40,000 ) , the kangzi pagons will be swayed , then it will have no value of the price .
the hong kong public gathered outside the store on 6 february to prepare to buy a large - scale car from the uk 's angel , nya.a. , the design of the company , and i was not a tube of the washbasket 's environmental protection bags , but the store refused to give out the prototype , which triggered a strong haul of the scene .
this model of environmental protection is designed to replace the paper with the water . it is beyond expectation that the two pigs in london and new york became popular targets , and the auction website ebud has already reached the zero price .
the only one in indonesia that has the right to sell the sinuiju porsche says that it does not confirm whether it will sell after a few days .
the south korean government has been negotiating the hostages crisis
afghanistan hostage 23 south korean hostages and set the deadline for today 's south korea to demand south korea to withdraw its troops from the country , otherwise it will kill hostages .
with the time being phased off , the situation has developed in a positive manner . south korean officials today launched negotiations with the balcony organization for the first time .
however , at the same time , the organization said that the other hostages kidnapped by germany were very weak , and they began to fall into the shadow of the disease and had lost consciousness .
germany and south korea have been calling for the withdrawal of troops from afghanistan and the demand for the exchange of 33 prisoners imprisoned by the afghan government .
jackson , spokesman for the department of health , said in an unidentified interview with afp that through the long - standing tribe , we had contact with the south korean representatives .
admi said : we hope that this round of talks will produce results .
the evening of local time ( 10.30 pm taiwan time ) was set at the deadline , and the time will begin to kill the hostages .
the duration of the two exhibitions has been extended .
prc : rok - rok military talks unfolded
because the sea area is divided into different branches , the three - day high - level military talks between the north and the south will be unfolded today .
at the talks held in pingtan , the border city , the last day of talks today , north korea 's chief representative kim yong - chol said : we will make a decision to stop the talks , and we will not need the talks of those without results .
the red face was clearly unhappy with the appearance of the blue paper , kim jae - chol attacked south korea , deliberately swollen the new sea area , in order to replace the original north - south shelter .
he pointed out that the northern line was not legal .
the north gate of the warlord was built in 1953 by the us military .
north korea said south korea had invaded the waters and caused tensions , south korea said the allegation was groundless .
the local waters broke out in june 1999 , causing dozens of north korean crew .
in june 2002 , a similar conflict broke out again , with six south korean people unfortunately killed .
us finance minister 's visit to china to focus on environmental protection and exchange rate
us treasury secretary powell arrived in china yesterday to visit china , and the united states is making every effort to persuade china to further carry out the necessary economic reform and environmental protection work , especially the issue of the rmb exchange rate , which has attracted much attention .
us diplomats said that bowen had first visited the qinghai - xitou area of china 's northwestern region .
china currently has a total of 1,929 hectares of water in the vicinity of the biggest salt lake in the country .
bowen is now heading for beijing to discuss with chinese officials the possibility of pushing forward the sino - us strategic economic dialogue , which was launched last year .
the main topic of discussion on economic environment between the united states and china is economic environmental protection , and the most important thing is the issue of the rmb exchange rate , and us congressmen believe that the rmb is overvalued .
the us - china trade deficit is rapidly rising , and pressure within the united states is gradually rising , and congressmen are preparing to take retaliatory action to oppose their so - called china unfair trade policy .
last week , the us senate finance committee passed an overwhelming motion demanding that the treasury department claim that the currency exchange rate is totally wrong and that the name list of countries that are potential to launch economic sanctions against beijing has opened up .
us congressmen said that the rmb undervalued , which has made china sell us goods very much worse , and the us - china trade imbalance has aggravated . last year , the us trade deficit against china reached $ 2500 million .
muddin said that he would leave the country before 60 years old
beginning from early days , mooith 's future in the west has always been the topic of media speculation , but compared to the past , the portuguese once again stressed that he would definitely be able to stay in london this summer .
some newspapers listed 14 famous new handsome newspapers , but i will remain in the red chamber .
moore reiterated that he hopes that the day he will be able to take up the portuguese team 's pawn , i really want to be a pianist , i believe that there will be one day portuguese football association also very much hope to appoint me as a master of affairs .
however , the 44 - year - old mozambique did not intend to contribute his life to football , and he said he would retire before 60 , and he did not want to be like bobby rojo and fraser to be the first to be in the year of the year .
i have already made a commitment to my wife , and i will not be as good as robrsen and fusen , who has been teaching at the age of 70 .
the mooith was born in the age of 60 . i wanted to go to the royal horse .
i have too many things that i can not do now , waiting for me to do .
i do n't want to become a football consultant or technical director , for example , barado or samki .
i do n't want to play this role .
i do n't want to become the chairman of a club , but i only want to thoroughly fight a soccer match , and mudino stressed .
( qi liang )
wang bing , a villager of hongdong village in shanxi province , was involved in a case of tube - shaped ditch .
china news , july 2 . with the attention of the public , the network was launched this morning at the intermediate court of linfen city in the first instance in the trial of the case of cao shengbing , a villager of cao shengxian town , shanxi 's hongsheng county , and wang bing , a pingtan case .
many domestic media are paying attention to the progress of the case .
because the local departments concerned are relatively cautious , some reporters have not been able to gather news on the scene .
currently , the pingtan is still in progress .
according to the work of the linfen city intermediate court , if the case is smooth , it is estimated that the trial will end on the day .
however , whether or not the court will announce the verdict is still unknown .
at about 9 : 00 am , a reporter noticed that the scene was outside the gate of the linfen city intermediate court , and the passers - by were in a quiet and changeable situation .
perhaps the court felt very sorry about the ongoing activities in the court .
when the time comes , there was a result , and i believe that the law was just .
a senior citizen who traveled here is looking forward to the national emblem , and is self - spoken .
earlier , there was a report in hongdong county that the defendant wang bing - bing 's father , cao shengyou , former party secretary of jiuquan village , was dismissed from the post of county people 's congress deputy according to law .
earlier , wang dongxing was sentenced to death for playing a pistol in a case involving wang bing and a pingtan . he was dismissed from the post of secretary of the village party branch and was expelled from the party .
the " red army " police officers and men of the " falungong " cult organization , which was caused by the criminal gang - breaking brick ditches in shanxi , have aroused attention at home and abroad for a while and the central authorities have given instructions to conduct strict investigations .
the dprk and the rok reached an agreement on cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources
chinanews , july 8
on 7 july , the dprk and the rok held a consensus on cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources .
according to the agreement , the rok will provide the dprk with raw materials for the production of clothing and other light industrial products . in this regard , the dprk has conferred some domestic production rights on the rok .
according to a report from the japan release and delivery association , the rok and the dprk launched a joint military exercise in kaicheng for three days .
according to the agreement , the rok will provide garments and soap production raw materials to the dprk , with a total value of 900-00-9-00-00-6-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-@@
in this regard , the dprk will transfer the power of extraction of three parts of the country to the rok .
the rok government will withdraw from the west 's renchon port on 25 july to the dprk for the delivery of the first batch of 500 tons of contract materials .
according to the plan , the rok and the dprk will jointly launch a survey in the eastern part of the dprk from 28 july .
the rok government started to provide 400,000 metric tons of rice to the dprk .
the dprk expressed its willingness to actively carry out the agreement reached by the six countries , including the dprk , to close its nuclear facilities , and to make the economic cooperation between the dprk and the rok more active .
the lanzhou commodity bureau explained the price limit for the beef , but it was only because of the excessive increase in the price .
chinanews , july 10 ( huang party )
this afternoon , the lanzhou city commodities bureau invited relevant departments to give an account of the price of beef .
at the press conference , the department of the bureau of pricing , the department of pricing , and other departments jointly issued a top price , mainly because the price of the meat was too high , which exceeded the capacity of the general residents .
it is reported that the price of the meat has risen by 20 percent , and statistics show that this is the highest since the beginning of the 1980 s when the price of the meat in lanzhou was on the rise .
" the government 's action is to take into account the economic capabilities of ordinary residents in the region , and the highest price we have set out is to conduct cost investigation . "
on 26 may , the lanzhou city commodity commodities bureau , the jiuquan bureau of the industry and commerce , and other four departments jointly put the price of the meat at the highest price , and once the information was disclosed , it aroused strong attention .
it was learned that the forum was aimed at listening extensively to the views of various circles and soliciting opinions and suggestions on specific management methods for the next step . it was disclosed that lanzhou would hold a news conference tomorrow .
this will be the first time for lanzhou city to discuss the price hike incident of beef .
prc : circular on promoting regional development beijing ,
chinanews , july 11 - according to a news from the website , on 9 july , the china council for the promotion of regional development was ordered to suspend its activities for three months .
the penalty order shows that the china council for the development of the region has maintained the following illegal acts : 1 superstandard fees , 2 ) using pig tubes to collect other fees from non - member units .
according to investigations , the standard of the member unit is 2,1,000 yuan per year , and the number of the members who were delivered to more than 20 units between june and february 2007 is 1,300 yuan per year .
according to the " regulations on registration and management of social organizations " , section 33 , section 1 ( 8 ) , the provisions of article 33 , will be applicable to the society for administrative punishments for the three months of the deadline for the activities .
the rok government hopes to speed up the process of denuclearization of the peninsula through the six - party talks .
chinanews , july 12 - according to a report by the rok news agency , the rok government expressed regret over the fact that the delegation head meeting of the six - party talks will be held in beijing on 18 july .
a spokesman for the rok ministry of foreign affairs and trade said in a commentary on 12 april that he hoped that the meeting of the delegation heads of the six - party talks would be held as soon as possible to discuss the measures for the initial stage and to implement the next phase and the concrete and substantive plan for holding the six - party talks , thus speeding up the process of denuclearization on the korean peninsula .
the commentary also said : as the core of the dprk nuclear issue , the chinese government will provide a strong guarantee for the speedy and complete realization of a nuclear - free korean peninsula , and will continue to work with relevant countries to this end .
officials disclosed that the beijing olympic games are expected to create the largest number of participating countries and regions
chinanews , july 16
xinhua news agency news agency : beijing olympic organizing committee vice minister wang shilin disclosed on 14 august that the beijing organizing committee will hold a meeting with the ioc in 205 next month to issue a letter of congratulations to the ioc 205 members .
he said that if there is no accident , the beijing olympic games will become the most important sports event in the countries and regions participating in the olympic games in history .
the report said that wang shilin , on behalf of the beijing organizing committee of the olympic games , briefed the national sports organization conference on the preparations for the beijing olympic games , including the construction of a transportation platform , the construction of a warehouse , etc.
wang shilin said : the members of the pan - american sports organization , countries and regions have shown great enthusiasm for participating in the beijing olympic games , and all 42 members have confirmed that they will attend the beijing olympic games next month .
it is reported that at the current meeting , the ioc will formally hold a formal invitation for the ioc 's 205 members to participate in the olympic games .
( gao peng , yang limin )
wang yan 's condition improved , " insisting on " sitting on bench and limbs " restoring " two levels "
wang yan has been able to sit on the bench , but it is still not too long to go , she will feel dizzy . yesterday , the zhejiang sports bureau chief wu xun , told this reporter that the company 's head was very close to the matter .
earlier , wang yan , who was injured in the competition , was on the rise , among which the muscle sam of the left and right limbs was restored and rose to the level of two - level swiss .
this month , wang yan began to be transferred from the shanghai six hospital 's tupingcuo ( severe acute hospital ) to a special patient ward . her right - hand limbs are 2 to 3 , and the left limbs are 1 .
in the past half months , wang yan 's upper limbs and muscles have already improved further .
doctor said that wang yan 's muscle has reached more than four levels , more than five times the normal level . the left hand muscle is also on the 3 rd .
in other words , within less than half a month , wang yan 's upper limbs muscle 's muscle was restored to two levels of granite .
wang yan was already able to receive medical treatment with the help of the doctor .
the hospital rehabilitation experts originally planned to let wang yan to stay in the hospital for medical treatment under the protection of his rehabilitation beds .
however , according to wang yan 's recovery at the current stage , the training for the rehabilitation of the military was postponed for the time being .
wu xilong said : wang yan 's current training is mainly based on bronze aces , and she can be sure to sit on her bench , but the time is still not too long . ( reporter wang wei ) )
venezuelan president says high - ranking civil servants to be reduced
chinanews , july 23 - according to a comprehensive report by the cnc , venezuelan president roman maiden 's speech on the country 's domestic and foreign policies on 22 july .
he said that the substantial reduction in wages for senior civil servants was a major step forward .
he also said that if foreigners attack the venezuelan government , they will face serious consequences and will be expelled from the country .
the warlord ordered government officials to closely monitor the statements made by foreigners during their visit to venezuela , and found that anyone who openly criticized him or the venezuelan government would depart from the country .
in his televised speech on the evening of 22 august , venezuela could not tolerate a foreign guy going to the house to make fingers .
in his speech , he also pointed out that the wage rate for senior civil servants would be reduced substantially .
he said that the wages of venezuelan civil servants should not exceed us dollars per month .
it is reported that in venezuela , the monthly income of some poor people is estimated to be us $ 0.6 billion .
in latin american countries , the action of civil servants on wage reduction has become a general trend and has won the support of the broad masses .
leaders of peru and guspk all cut their own pay .
according to the letter , cuban leader castro reminded him to pay attention to the operation commanded by the us .
he said that carter presented a us central policy paper to him , which was written by former us central australian chief , and asked him to see the various ceramics presented by cia .
the court of jiuxiang 's 1 st spy case ended last month 's meikai whilst penalties were suspended
last night , beijing time , the international motor sports council held a meeting on the fatality of the larijani technology spy case in paris , where the calls were called mai kai . the reason was that the council decided not to give the kaimai wheel a penny .
the international motor cycles official network issued a statement after hearing that the royal pavilion said that the royal wharf , a fluent steve , had a secret information , but at present there is no sufficient evidence to show that these information is being used incorrectly for the international auto federation 's leading position . therefore , it will not be punished .
however , the larijani technology spy case has not been included in the paper .
the motor sports council will also say in the decision that if the car is found to be in the future , the relevant information will be used to damage the championship , and we reserves the request for the maikai to return to the right to the car sports council to give a hearing , and at that time they might be faced with the qualification of being cancelled , even 2008 .
the mai kaikai , former chief designer of the kaikai wheel , has been arrested and found in england , a pair of nearly 800 pages of french technology documents , including the design of the fas2007 vehicle , the building of the propellant for testing the 2007 propellant , and the operation of the saiwan vehicle .
the rotating royal car was not allowed to enter the car before the decision was made .
( wang yuanyuan )
experts believe that the insurance industry will not be able to divert domestic stock market funds in the short term
chinanews , july 30
according to a report by china securities news , the " provisional procedures for managing investment in foreign countries of insurance funds " was promulgated recently , insurance funds have even broader space for utilizing the capital market .
china 's top investment firm , liu lefei , believes that the rmb revaluation and the domestic capital market are good , and insurance companies will not be able to invest in foreign exchange in a large scale in the near future . this also means that the insurance cover will not divert domestic stock funds in the short term .
the report said that many insurance companies hold the same view .
experts said that since there is still no market for renminbi , insurance organs are not in a sufficient number of risk - avoidance measures , so the time for large - scale foreign exchange purchases is not yet ripe .
liu lefei said : for a long period of time , in the aspect of the asset allocation , foreign investment should occupy a certain proportion of the overall distribution of insurance companies .
however , given that the rmb is under a relatively high pressure of appreciation , china 's ringleaders will mainly use their own foreign exchange funds to invest outside china .
for foreign investment in purchasing foreign exchange , we should be cautious in the current situation .
( shang jih )
china lost 52.5 billion yuan in flood prevention and drought control this year
this reporter learned from the national flood prevention and drought control headquarters : by july , the total amount of water supply to 1.18 billion mu of the whole country was 154.4 - million mu of natural disasters , 119.15 - million people were affected by the disaster , 652 were killed , 45.00 hectares of housing were directly lost , and 52.5 - billion yuan was directly lost in the economy .
the acreage of cultivated land in the whole country is 1.4 - billion mu , and there is a bottle of water in the vast expanse of water , which is a natural gas source of water .
in july , the national headquarters for flood prevention and drought control issued an urgent plan to deal with the current grim flood prevention and drought control situation .
the circular calls for all provinces and regions along the huai he and the general headquarters of flood prevention to step up efforts to repair water supply during the retreat period and to win a full victory in flood prevention .
the state general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control and other departments have sent three teams to separately prepare flood prevention and drought control projects and to provide guidance for flood prevention and drought control .
at present , the work of flood prevention is being carried out in an orderly and orderly manner , and the operation of normal operations , the new river of hong xin river , the three provinces of anhui , and jiangsu are on the alert .
there is no big danger in the dry stream .
the heilongjiang and jiangxi provinces have activated an emergency response to drought - fighting and drought - fighting work in an orderly and orderly manner in accordance with the plan .
( by staff reporter zhao ping )
chen shui - bian 's covert approval of judicial involvement in the election of taiwan 's " judiciary yuan " denies and wants him to explain
china news service , july 30 - chen shui - bian questioned the fact that judicial personnel on the island were attempting to get involved in the election of the leader of the taiwan region .
taiwan 's judicial authorities , together with gao zhizai , said that the current performance of the judges on the island is not in keeping with chen shui - bian 's words , and they also demanded that chen shui - bian give an explanation .
according to taiwan 's " newspaper " newspaper , " chen shui - bian questioned the prosecutor and investigators on 30 july that the decision to intervene in the affairs of taiwan or even tried to influence the election activities of candidates of various political parties . he said that he hoped that this phenomenon would not exist in taiwan , but it was very difficult to do so .
in response to chen shui - bian 's doubts , taiwan 's president of justice , dr. weng yue - sheng , did not respond to the call , and secretary general fan guangqun , on behalf of the cas , spoke on behalf of the cfa .
kao chieh said that the basic law of taiwan and the law of the judges in the name of the court of taiwan 's supreme people 's court have declared that judges should go beyond the party , should not participate in political activities , and that judges are very strict with the relevant parties . the court of justice believes that judges are good at doing this .
gao jinzhi pointed out : the high court of kaohsiung , the court of jiaotong , zhang shengxi , attended the kaileen school course several years ago , which was because the courses were colored by political parties and were taken by the self - discipline committee formed by judges .
zhang shengxi once wanted to participate in the dpp , because he was in the election controversy with his staff , finally decided to give up .
gao jinzhi believes that if the trial is conducted in individual cases , the trial - point level cannot be determined by the verdict alone . this will mean that the judge will have political intentions .
germany plans to reduce the threshold of professional talent
berlin , july 1 , 2007 ( wen wei po )
german education and scientific research minister shavardo sacha said the other day that germany should lower the " springboard " to impose restrictions on foreign professional personnel , and through increasing the import of foreign talents , it should resolve the issue of german professionals .
the report said that germany 's exports to germany , aged between 15 and 64 , will drop year by year .
if there is no sufficient migration to the year 2020 , germany 's labor force will be reduced by 6 % compared with the current .
but the german employer 's association and the german engineer association reported that the german labor market is currently operating in germany , and the engineer and engineer are quite capable of producing a large amount of talent .
according to the statistics of the federal labor bureau of germany , the supply of engineers in germany 's labor market totaled about 270,000 , and the supply of technicians was about 960 .
germany 's foreign investment in order to protect its own people and set a higher threshold for attracting foreign talent .
germany 's " throat law " stipulates that non - eu countries are not qualified to produce less than 85,000 euros in germany , otherwise they cannot be granted the permission of work in germany and residence .
sha wanquan suggested that the quota be lowered to cover the euro .
do not have superstition in legal theory
the " law on lawyers " which was submitted to the npc standing committee for examination recently stipulates that the law has been engaged in legal research and teaching , and it has the capability of high - level , equal , and professional personnel , and the number of lawyers who have applied for the law has been examined and approved by the judicial administration department of the state council .
( " zhongguo qingnian bao " on 28 june )
in the legal sense , there are theoretical circles and real estate , and the former mainly includes legal teaching and research work .
for a long time , the legal community has a legal knowledge circle , a solid business , a phenomenon of pouring the man , a phenomenon of lucky appearance , a theoretical circle , believes that the real estate is not necessary for the business community , but is only a formidable part of the robot paper , and the real - estate sector is a critical element of the theoretical system of the tube used in the theoretical guidance of the theory .
the legal system can be used to differentiate between different categories , and the law should be maintained , not to support any one party .
however , the name of the " law of lawyers " is composed of the name of the law , but objectively it is approved by the law , the legal profession must be higher than the legal profession 's judgment .
in fact , some people who are engaged in research on the law and the international pure theory , such as those engaged in research and teaching , are deeply related to legal practice , and are actually linked to legal affairs .
in this way , the patents of the rotary company will undoubtedly be legal , legal , practical , and poor , and will have an extremely bad name .
the superstition in the theoretical circle is not only these , but also the experts ' proof that they will often affect or even veto the court verdict , and this is also a direct expression of this superstition .
encourage chinese - funded ships to hoist
this paper :
at a press conference held by the state council , it was learned that china will implement the china - funded international shipping shipping special registration policy , encourage chinese companies to hang foreign flags , and provide them with chinese - funded shipping service to china . this will be a major event in the chinese people 's republic of china .
to further promote the healthy development of china 's ocean shipping industry and expand the country 's rotational industry , china has a large number of ships that are engaged in international shipping register and hanging foreign flags . the ministry of communications recently issued a " circular on implementing the international shipping business law for chinese - funded shipping . "
the vessel can choose shanghai 's taiyuan port to operate ship registration procedures .
britain 's decision to reduce terrorist attacks
the report , july 5 , july 5 , london ( by guo lin )
british government to raise the level of terrorist attacks from the highest level to the level of serious damage , which said british terrorist attacks would not be launched soon , but the attacks would still be extremely likely .
at present , the british police have shifted the investigation to india and australia .
the eight suspects arrested were all in medical system .
it is reported that nearly 400 people working in the british public medical system were receiving medical treatment overseas and are qualified to receive medical treatment overseas .
the prime minister also demanded that the research on the background of high - tech immigrants be conducted , and that employers or relevant organizations would be required to provide background information .
do n't let the traders get impatient
the pair of tourists is a pure , clean , and self - reliant , and to the greatest extent it enjoys the fruits of natural and social civilization .
but many people have been hit by this kind of troubles in the country . they are being attacked by the businessman and business intermediary businesses .
whether it is the car or the trains , the upper car , and the van , it will suffer the death of the small businessman and some non - card intermediary .
it is not selling cakes , that is , selling newspapers and journals , and that is , many intermediary newspapers without licenses , such as food , beverage , and fake proofs .
if you do n't accept it , he can chase you for several hundred meters , and it is much unsuccessful that you will become benevolent .
in some areas , many of them have the same feelings .
in the future , some people came to the gate of the city to make a show and make a living .
after entering the gate , this situation will be even more serious . in addition , yaxing , who is well - known , has been blinded by a few words .
some media reports have reported that many foreign tourists who have gone to xian are not unique to the monument in xian , but they have not been able to provide the small business hawkers with more than refined money .
these include the station 's ventilation , the pyramid , the place where it is going to be built and the place where it is called , the civilization is orderly , stable , and harmonious , and the environment of caring for the public .
the free market of the traders and the confusion of the business operators has not been said : objectively , these public order has been destroyed , and the environment has been polluted . at the same time , it also provides a platform for the preparation and opportunity of the project .
what is important is that these are the windows for local spiritual civilization construction , and the pagoda is seen in the whole bag , and the damage is not only an issue of image but also will have an impact on local economic development .
think about , you want to become a strong tourism industry , but you use this kind of chaotic and unstable tourist environment to welcome the guests from the south to the north . who is willing to come , who will dare come ?
how do you have economic returns on your tourism ?
with the arrival of the peak season , the number of tourists in the north of the tiantan prefecture has created a civilized tourism environment , which should be said to be a pressing task at present .
the haul is not a market , and the business behavior of small business hawkers should be regulated , and those that do not have a license should be resolutely cancelled . illegal activities should be resolutely dealt blows .
only in a civilized and orderly environment can we make our city happy and return to the motherland , and huaxia .
in a word , do n't let the business operators get impatient .
the award of the company 's own initiative is not enough .
the construction of dongcheng district in beijing , the issuance of electric shells and other items , as a measure to reward 12 low - income families who voluntarily reside .
( " xinjing bao " 10 july )
this writer is happy for the improvement of the family life , but he is very happy to see the draft of proactively withdrawing from the barracks , and also to give the money to the public , but he is in a complicated mood .
deputy director of the jianguang neighborhood office said : in view of the problem of cheating and minimizing assurance , we should encourage active repayment of the public housing fund , which is an example for other low - income households .
if this is an example of encouraging other low - income insurance workers to extricate themselves from their difficulties through their own efforts , it is indeed worth advocating , and if they want to use this to appeal to those who have long been plagued by low - income people , it will not be possible to be somewhat fledgled .
in the areas of differentiation and cleaning up of low - income households , more depended on laws .
relevant departments should strengthen the protection of low - income households in their duty to enjoy minimum allowance : if they promptly report on the changes in family members and income , report on employment conditions , and accept regular reviews , the departments concerned should increase the intensity of supervision and inspection .
after all , the proprietary of the company is a long - term plan .
the street was rewarded to the family and the family was buried by anyone .
as a government organization at the first level , its expenditures are borne by fiscal appropriations .
and the money of the taxpayer should not be spent ?
on the one hand , the withdrawal of a low - income family proves that it has already possessed a certain capacity of self - sufficiency , and on the other hand , is there any such person who applies for low - income insurance still exist ?
the government financial assistance , which is called the life - saving money , should be delivered in snowy weather rather than in the brocade .
liu dayi is willing to be a service provider .
on 10 july , the first town to be directly elected in the country 's new town of lulan township in the new capital of jiuquan district , was granted democratic approval for the fourth time since taking office , with the rate of satisfaction reaching 97.7 percent .
during the talks between the reporter and liu congo , liu daoyi positioned himself as a singer .
( yesterday 's " xinjing bao " )
liu 's cattle and the service of the company may be more than the amount of money for the personnel appointed to be provided by some cadres , and even more true , the people will be able to make them feel more .
the public - to - public election system is the most important thing in the system , and the former is mainly determined by ordinary party members and the masses , and the latter is mainly appointed by the higher authorities , and the orientation of power is determined that the former must be responsible to the public .
the source of power and responsibility for whom are the key to determining how the candidate will carry out his work .
some people doubt that such a democratic style is even more like a democratic show .
my viewpoint is that there is such a democratic style of proprietary , which is better than not .
considering the historical and political building of china 's grassroots democracy , i think that the open election is a major event for the people to choose , and democracy is a matter of vital importance . this is of great significance to promoting the building of grassroots democratic politics .
india is expected to select the first female presidential analyst to be elected as a relatively large possibility , and female voters hope that it will raise women 's status
on 23 june , in front of the presidential candidate 's document , papuang pai met with 10 pingcuo .
the curtain of the new indian presidential election opened on the 19th . the new president will be elected by the current vice president , shikar wahathir , and joseph prachi , the president of rajar state , who was appointed not long ago .
pachachachi is the first female presidential candidate in indian history . if she is elected , she will become the first female president in india .
pachachut is the presidential candidate of the ruling national congress party , while shevardnadat is from the opposition party 's people 's party .
since the congress party occupied a dominant position in the presidential election group , the media and the public were willing to join the paperwork and win the election .
pagoda , 72 , is a female governor of the state of jastana .
she 's attorney , the house of representatives , and her experience is rich . she was a lawyer when she was in the position of governor of raja state . she was accorded a government cure .
she also worked for social welfare , and was a result of many cultural and social welfare organizations .
analysts pointed out that the reason why pagoda became a candidate was because she was always imbued with indian national congress chairman sabah .
in india , the kennedy family has long been in control of the ruling national congress .
pachachachi was given the support of a large number of female voters , and female voters believed that papua would be a woman who had a serious view of women , and would raise her position .
the constitution stipulates that india is a federal - made country , and the head of state in the name of the president is in command of the government . it does not represent any party organization , but more importantly it symbolizes the government .
( yan yingjiu )
the united states supports the palestinian government 's expulsion of extremists
the report by this newspaper , july 22 , washington ( by xu qisheng )
us president bush said on 21 march that the united states will fully support the pakistani government 's efforts to convert the al-qaeda and tamil extremists from the region of pakistan and afghanistan .
bush said in his weekly radio speech that according to the new us intelligence , the base , the al-qaeda organization , in the border region of pakistan and afghanistan , found the hidden pistol .
he expressed great concern about this .
bush said that the united states will continue to support president musharraf and believes that musharraf will adhere to the policy of fighting with the al-qa'ida and armed elements .
the recent " national intelligence assessment " report by the united states points out that the muslim armed group is particularly ben - pen - pen - ben - - - the al-qa'ida organization still poses a threat to the united states .
masharu 's last september and the tribal leaders in northern pakistan reached an agreement on preventing throat and pig - shaping activities of members of the al-qaeda organization .
these triads are not willing or capable of operating independently to protect the region 's security .
bush 's speech on the system of the system was earlier stated that musharraf is taking positive steps to correct this mistake .
the united states hopes that the agreement on the dprk nuclear issue will be implemented in an all - round way
this newspaper , washington , july 24 - ( reporter xu qisheng )
us assistant secretary of state for six - party talks christopher hill said on 23 march that the six - party talks on the korean nuclear issue held last week were very important , and the meeting made real progress for the first time . however , this is only an initial move of implementing the agreement .
the united states very much hopes that the " september 19 joint statement " and the " february 13 joint document " on resolving the dprk nuclear issue will be fully implemented .
at a press conference , hilton said that in order to achieve the goal of a thorough settlement of the dprk nuclear issue , the dprk would need to make a declaration of its entire nuclear program before the end of this year and to achieve the function of its nuclear facilities .
he hoped that the parties concerned would fully fulfill the dprk nuclear issue within one year , and that the agreement would be reached at the six - party talks .
hill also said that the two sides had reached consensus on the issue of security and energy while the us - dprk and japan - dprk working group would discuss bilateral relations between the united states and the dprk .
the climate change has led to a rapid shrinking of the eclipse in the british columbia .
this newspaper , july 27 , geneva ( reporter liu jun )
swiss cas expert tracking and research has discovered that the swiss academy of sciences had a total of 1,850 pages of chitted pangchlorichon from switzerland to switzerland , at an annual rate of 3-3 percent .
the only flower has led to the melting of the alps of atlantas by 1.88 percent .
experts believe that by 2002 , the global temperature will increase to 3 degrees celsius , which will be lower than the current level , and will increase to 5 percent , while the eclipse will be completely melted .
the oleksagawa is the longest in europe and is listed as a world natural heritage site of the united nations , but it is still not until 2006 when the archaeological heritage is reduced by 100 meters . the protection has already reached a desk .
the plan is the 23 - km - long arizona .
photos taken by liu jun
the beijing olympic games ' various extravagant associations proposed : doing civilized consumers
beijing , july 30 , 2007
the reporter , liang jie , has learned from the chinese consumers association that at the closing ceremony of the 29th olympic games on 8 august , beijing consumer association ltd. , ltd. 's consumer association , keizai , the shanghai consumer rights protection committee , the consumer council for promoting consumer rights and interests , and the hong kong consumer council , with a total of six districts , the consumer protection organization , the hong kong consumer council , issued an instruction to consumers , urging us to demonstrate the city 's civilization .
the proposal proposed that from my perspective , we should strengthen the awareness of the humanities olympics , learn the knowledge of courteous etiquette , practice civilized standards , observe social ethics , and be a consumer of a sense of civilization ;
we should enhance the awareness of the green olympics , protect the ecological environment , cherish the vitality of the economy , actively promote sustainable consumption , and become a consumer that advocates green consumption .
establish a sense of diligence and frugality , change the concept of consumption , make sure to compare , oppose extravagance and waste , and become rational consumers with a scientific concept of consumption ;
we should enhance the awareness of consumer protection , take the initiative in participating in social supervision , consciously respect the protection of intellectual property rights , correctly understand rights and obligations , and become consumers who are reasonable and upright in accordance with the law .
promote spirit and active participation awareness , propagate olympic ideas , and become a disseminator of the olympic spirit .
the police consortium of hong kong celebrated the 10 th anniversary of hong kong 's return to china
on 1 july , the nanjing jinghai temple police named sun shijie was again kicked and swept in the dark .
this great historical return was shown and the television station 's tuan and hong kong and nanjing residents had a cordial conversation with hong kong compatriots .
the first day of july 10 years ago , the jiaohai tower in nanjing was resounding 155 sound of the world police sergeant , and the first was a severe warning to the cession of hong kong island .
the nanjing community has a lot of fun and folks in all walks of life in nanjing . they said that they would use their own pingtan to warn the world that they would always be aware of their own and will never forget history .
jade bell 1.82 metres tall , and in 1842 , it was just over - crowded during the time when the " nanjing treaty " was erupted .
the clock stands 1.997 metres and the roof of hong kong is the rooftop of the royal pair .
the police had been working in the vicinity of the clock in the past , wang fengling , said that the five pages of the tombs were woven around the clock , and the entire bronze bell was used to be a high - spirited sculpture , two trucks symbolizing hong kong being the motherland 's east flowers blossoming . the last , the flowers of nanjing were made as a ray of belts .
the first proposal was made to build a public figure in the police bell , yu xiaolian , who said : hong kong 's return to the motherland has been 10 years old . he hoped that hong kong 's future will be like that , that 's a bright future .
( end )
the russian security bureau accused the exiled bandwidth of " conspiring to launch
the exiled russian oldest bayonsky 's lawyer in london announced on 2 july that the russian federal security bureau had already expressed his dissatisfaction with his party .
borukov pointed out that biezov said in an interview with a british newspaper " guardian " in april this year that he was prepared to launch a cave cave in russia and confirmed that he was making a fuss of financial support to the rightwing elites who oppose the authorities ' policy .
the russian federal security bureau immediately issued a warning in accordance with article 278 of the " russian federal criminal law , " saying that it was not a case of criminal case in moscow that it was formally reported to the moscow saraysey court .
it is reported that the russian federal procuratorate has already put forward a criminal charge against other countries in february 2006 . based on the same exile 's position , it confirmed that it was attempting to seize the russian regime by force during the interview .
because belgian has been exiled abroad , it is not extradited , and russia suspended the investigation of the case in january 2007 .
on 2 july , moscow 's sharif court began to hear another case of exile dirty . russian general procuratorate accused bishop erikovsky of swaying russian airlines of 21.4 - billion rubles in money , money laundering 16 - million rubles , and court approval was postponed to 12 july after hearing evidence .
bernard believes that all these are things of hard work , and clearly prohibiting his own attorneys from taking part in the activities .
( bi yuan )
guangxi 's gas - responsible post is under administrative supervision 619 people are held accountable
since the beginning of this year , various departments in guangxi have launched activities to change the work style of cadres and strengthen administrative efficiency . they have implemented the system of first - question responsibility system and instituted the system of " three systems " and 33 key examination and approval departments directly under the autonomous region have been included in the work network of administrative supervision .
up to now , 619 people have been held accountable .
on 5 july , this reporter learned from the discipline inspection commission of the guangxi zhuang autonomous region that guangxi has initially formed a mechanism for supervision of administrative efficiency in pingtan county in the autonomous region , and strengthened supervision over key departments , and the electronic supervision system of 14 cities has been fully established with the autonomous region .
the autonomous region 's administrative efficiency electronic supervision system directly links the areas of investment environment and the production and life of the masses of the people , and the key examination and approval departments of the 33 autonomous region directly under the autonomous region , further standardized the examination and approval behavior , and improved the efficiency of examination and approval .
at the same time , discipline inspection and supervision organs at all levels in guangxi have investigated and dealt with cases involving serious violations of the work style and the interests of the masses . up to now , they have investigated and verified 769 pieces of equipment , and investigated and prosecuted 619 people of 584 units .
ma yueying , secretary of the board of directors of the party committee , said on 5 may that supervision over administrative efficiency is a work that has been done with administrative activities and must be gradually established to serve long - term results .
guangxi should further improve and standardize all aspects of administrative management , establish and improve the mechanism and guarantee for supervision of administrative efficiency , and include supervision in the system of scale , further standardize supervision and inspection procedures , and perfect the system of handling complaints and handling efficiency assessment .
the chinese government will continue to work with the international community to promote the development of the two countries ' relations .
nato does not rule out the possibility of cooperating with the united states on the issue of the abm system
nato information officer simon demann was interviewed by xinhua reporters on 9 may , saying that the possibility of turning the us anti - missile system into nato 's own defense system could not be ruled out .
the first time for nato to take part in the study of the us anti - missile program is to be completed , simonmann said , adding that nato hopes that the united states will cover all european allies .
she said : nato has its own theater missile defense system and has begun discussions on the establishment of a strategic missile defense system , which will combine the us anti - missile system with nato 's own defense system .
she also said that the united states had a lot of discussion about the issue of the us establishment of an anti - missile system in europe , and nato would exchange information with russia through various channels .
the chinese government will continue to promote the development of the two countries ' relations , said chinese foreign ministry spokesman liu jianchao here tuesday .
two jordanian people were sentenced to imprisonment for plotting attacks on americans
two jordanian men were arrested for plotting attacks on the us in jordan and sentenced by the jordan national security court on 11 april .
the two men , aged 25 , were each named sarajevo , the man , who was sentenced to eight years ' imprisonment and was fined a mandatory labor service while the other man , named pierre hada , was sentenced to three years ' imprisonment and was fined a total of $ 5,000 .
the court said that the hohhot was also charged with illegal possession of fireworks and firecrackers when the police searched his warehouse .
the court had originally decided to give the hohatoli permanent imprisonment and then considered giving him a chance to change the balcony and to have a chance to be reduced for eight years .
the indictment said that the two defendants decided to provide the two defendants who were killed by americans and were bullied by the americans , and then planned to attack the americans living in jordan .
in august 2006 , they arrested a man in an apartment building in the capital of jordan , but they did not know whether to launch an attack .
the indictment did not openly tell the identity of the american .
the indictment also accused the two defendants of attacking other americans , but did not reveal details .
the chinese government will continue to work with the us side to promote the development of the china - japan relations .
the adverse effects of diabetes drug reactions have increased significantly .
according to the us media on 15 august , the heart disease caused by anti - diabetes , including cardiovascular , has recently been on the rise in the united states .
the us food and drug administration issued a safety warning in may this year , suggesting that diabetes should be treated with good faith because scientists have been informed of the new york journal published on 21 may that the new drug problem is a serious problem .
therefore , the doctor and the patient were closely concerned about the issue .
the statistics show that about one month after the issuance of safety warnings , the us pharmaceutical administration received 357 examples of the outbreak of bad reaction .
in january and february this year , the drug administration received only 50 and 73 complaints against non - performing loans .
these bad reactions are light to the water bubbles , and will emphasize the death of heart disease .
however , the drug experts of the us drug administration believe that the conclusion of the unsafe conclusion of vincent diego is still too early .
the drug administration will hold a seminar on the todays of vincent on july 30 .
in 1999 , vincent diejana was a magic increase in pane , which was applicable to cure maminataurs .
there are about 6 million diabetes patients in the world who have taken or are taking diabetes .
the british giant greenspan has always considered that the company is a safe and safe person , and it is also a good thing for the patient .
prc fm spokesman on us plan to resume middle east peace talks
us president bush made a speech in washington on 16 august , calling for a meeting on the palestinian - israeli issue this fall , inviting israel 's parts of the arab states and the other relevant countries to attend . the meeting was aimed at jointly promoting the resumption of the middle east peace process .
on 17 july , bush also called egyptian president mubarak , jordanian king jubilee ii , and saudi king bhumibol al-thani , asking them to actively respond to the proposal and take practical action to support abbas , chairman of the palestinian national authority , and help palestine and israel resume peace talks at an early date .
abbas says bhutto central committee to discuss early palestinian election
on 18 march , abbas , chairman of the palestinian national authority , said in ramallah that the palestinian liberation organization ( plo ) central committee had opened its two - day meeting on that day , and the meeting would discuss the possibility of holding an election of palestinian national authority and the legislative council ahead of time .
abbas said that the eu is responsible for foreign affairs and security affairs , and that the eu will continue to play a positive role in the future peace process .
at the same time , abbas was very satisfied with the relations between palestinian national authority and the eu .
he said : palestine welcomes the eu 's measures toward the palestinian presidential palace .
abbas urged the eu to continue providing humanitarian aid to the palestinian people in gaza .
the two sides reaffirmed the eu 's support for abbas and the palestinian people .
he said : the issue of the middle east is related to the issue of the united nations , the united states , and russia . the meeting will be held on 19 april to discuss the issue of reopening the mideast peace process . in the next few days , there may be a proposal to be put forward .
the eu has expressed its attitude of actively deploying international forces in gaza , but it still needs to discuss with other parties , especially with the un .
the chinese government will continue to work with the us side to promote the development of the china - japan relations .
jiangxi will provide health professionals with 30 years of rural areas
for a long time , a large number of health professionals and technicians have been working in rural areas , and have made a contribution to the health of the grass - roots and the masses of peasants .
jiangxi province recently decided to impose a 30 - year compulsory medical certificate on health professionals in rural areas for the sake of providing the rural areas with the documentary awards for 30 years .
according to the jiangxi provincial health department , the number of people who are engaged in health professional and technical work at the township and town hospitals with tertiary education and higher education in medicine and medicine and with professional knowledge of health at the primary level and above is higher than that of the medical specialist who have been engaged in the work of blood defense in towns and townships and towns of the penghu village , which has been working for 30 years .
the final confirmation period was the end of july .
we must also provide the necessary conditions for rural health professionals to provide rural health care services for the next 30 years , in addition to the 30 years of honorary documentation for rural health care workers , and also give priority to the needs and appropriate preferential treatment for the examination of pyramiretic examinations .
senior grade examination ; independent testing ; assessment of actual work ; and appropriate relaxation of the restrictions on research and theses ; exemption of examination ; and examination of qualification after obtaining approval .
the jiangxi provincial health department will arrange a quota of vacation to grant a certain amount of funding .
beginning this year , jiangxi province will launch a project of transferring more than 30 years of honorary acclaim to the rural health work every two years .
the chinese government will continue to work with the us side to promote the development of the china - japan relations .
the us defense department reconsidered the plan to reduce us military forces in europe .
a us defense department official said on 23 march that due to the iraq war and the changes in the world situation , the us defense department is reconsidering the plan to cut the number of us troops in europe by about half .
the us media quoted an official from the defense ministry as saying that since the iraq war is still going on and the relations between the united states and russia and iran are worsening , the defense department has raised questions about the feasibility of reducing the european military forces .
at that time , rumsfeld , secretary of defense , declared that the united states would send its troops in europe to the united states from 11.00 to 7.00 , and that it would build a small warhead to build a small - scale new army .
at present , the total military strength of the us military in europe has fallen to the level of turnovers .
however , in june this year , us european command commander ( captain ) downer submitted a report to the current defense minister , asking questions about the above - mentioned plan .
the report said that the us military in europe , while reducing its military strength , many troops were being transferred to iraq and afghanistan in turn , making the us military personnel in europe lacking enough to meet the normal cooperation with the european allies .
the report proposes to stop the plan of reducing us military forces in europe .
relevant us experts believe that the above phenomenon shows that the iraq war has long been dragged down in the original us military adjustment plan .
the chinese government will continue to work with the international community to promote the development of the two countries ' relations .
the construction of a transportation safety film in jiuzhou , shandong province , into a community to be built into a project
qingdao , july 26 ( reporter song xuechun and fan zhongliang )
in order to further deepen the urban civilization transportation , raise the awareness of the law of transportation and the awareness of traffic safety among the broad masses of the people , and enhance their awareness of observing the law from 20 july to 10 august ( from 20 july to 10 august ) , the tuan group of qingzhou city , in the people 's square in the city , is the " three nautical miles " plaza plaza , the three square , the " jiao plaza
before the film was launched , the yard will publish the " piano protection life - - - a letter to the broad masses of the people " and some propaganda materials to be distributed to the public . it also broadcast a " warning to the life " and a " traffic special topic on the road to school . "
in the film , the public was shocked and angry . one of them was a scene of great pain .
in particular , the special feature of " going to school " is that through the form of presentations , the public can easily understand and love the eyes , and also receive profound education .
the film attracted more than 3,000 residents around the square . in particular , some of the movie tapes from the cave and migrant workers were sitting in the central government with great interest .
by sending transportation and safety films to communities ( + tu ) , the launching of construction work has enabled the vast number of citizens to enjoy the film while nagantry also adds the film and receive profound education on traffic safety . this has received strong support from the public , especially the new citizens .
china 's catering industry to gradually implement a public health supervision system
to better implement the " food hygiene law " and the state council 's " circular on further strengthening food safety , " the ministry of health has separately issued a circular on the prevention and control of food in haidian district , taizhou city , jiangsu province , hangzhou city in zhejiang province , luoyang city in henan province , and liuyang city in hubei province .
this system will be gradually extended to the whole country .
the system of giving publicity to the public health in the catering industry is a system of regular health supervision , and it is necessary to implement a system of public health permit management for food , drink , and food premises , and a system of health supervision for staff and workers .
according to the ministry , the public announcement will adopt a uniform and form stipulated by the ministry of health , which includes the results of live - fire examinations on nine items of health , the confirmation of the results of the live health supervision , the name of the regulated institutions , and the telephone number of customers , and the titles will be posted on the visitor 's entrance to the food and drink units for inspection , and the situation of food and drug hygiene is clearly known for
the chinese government will continue to work with the international community to promote the development of the two countries ' relations .
un security council decides to extend peacekeeping forces in ecuador
the un security council unanimously adopted a resolution on 30 june agreeing to transfer the un peacekeeping forces in the country and the united nations to the un peacekeeping force ( eito ) for six months to january next year .
the resolution urged all parties concerned to fulfill their promises , maintain restraint , ease tensions , and avoid uncoping military activities , and urge the ecuador to immediately transfer its troops and its military equipment to the temporary security zone , and calls for reducing the recently planned deployment of troops near the provisional security zone .
the resolution demanded that the swedish border committee be able to conduct a thorough investigation and study of the situation without a bottle , and demanded that the ecuador not delay the establishment of a cave to remove the embryonic and imposition of all the restrictions on the operation and operations of the ethiopian expedition group .
the resolution reaffirmed full support for the work of the eritrean border committee and expressed appreciation for the decision made by the commission on september 6 to hold a meeting with eritrea in new york .
in 1998 , the eritrean and yurt border conflicts broke out , causing the deaths of many people .
in june 2000 , the two sides signed a ceasefire agreement in algeria 's capital algiers .
the united nations has been deploying peacekeeping forces along the ethiopian border in july 2001 to supervise the implementation of the ceasefire agreement between the two countries .
the chinese government will continue to work with the chinese government to promote the development of the western region .
the national county - level city of the olympic games opened
this paper , chengdu , june 30
according to a report by xing jianguo reporter , in order to implement the spirit of the party central committee 's instructions on building a socialist harmonious society , in coordination with the construction of a new countryside of socialism , the people of the whole country and the olympic peking are rich in cultural life , and the entire country of the olympic games are ready to launch a battle in the two counties of the entire country .
the six - day event attracted 10 county - level men from all over the country .
according to the regulations , athletes who participate in this competition must be the pianist who is over 18 years old .
the national sports administration ( sport ) will be registered as a professional and professional athlete at the national sports administration center in 2007 .
the competition adopted the latest " rules of the china piano " which is divided into two categories : preliminary competition and final .
the competition was jointly sponsored by the state administration of sports and management , the china polymer association , and the china international sports costa .
in recent years , the two counties with a history of taoism have developed rapidly , and the shuangjie county has won the support of the national athlete 's pianist county , and the national advanced units of sports , including the whole country .
in the new rural construction , the shuanghui county has vigorously carried out the peasants ' sports project , and has integrated the construction of sports facilities with the building of rural villages with the granite of water , thus building the stadium in the rural areas and building it around the peasants and letting the sports service system cover the rural areas . it has actively promoted and launched a project of encouraging the peasants with local characteristics to participate in the sports undertaking .
the three major functions of modern military uniforms
the first is to identify functions .
it is necessary to distinguish between the armed forces of different countries and the armed forces of different arms and services and the masses .
in the world 's big and small countries , although the military uniforms are basically the same , the military does not have two countries ' armed forces .
second , symbolizing functions .
to a certain extent , military uniforms are both spiritual appearance and national characteristics of a country and are also a reflection of the combat capability of a country 's military .
in the courtyard , the three military uniforms were used as training uniforms , which could best demonstrate the military spirit of the army , including the beauty of the cartoon .
third , the defense function .
with the rapid development of new and high - tech weaponry , the comprehensive defense capability of new - type operational training uniforms has enabled the military uniform to have anti - chemical detection , chemical defense , bacterium defense , and the temperature transfer and whip transfer .
( shi wei )
the party committee organs of a certain group army have the courage to deal with the issue .
this newspaper , chengdu , july 3 .
the report by pizuho yang ruyi says that we can live on a washroom and benefit from the repayment of the office of the party committee of the great team .
today , more than 10 senior officers of a communication training group of the chengdu military region were happy to be able to see the regiment 's party committee members as well as their own ability to resolve the problems of being brave to deal with tough issues , and they were full of admiration and speculation .
in the past few years , with the personnel of this unit , some of the houses of this group were occupied by unauthorized rules , causing the housing difficulties of the working cadres and the officers and men to have a rather big opinion on this .
the group also had a clear idea of several housing buildings , which could not be settled because of various obstructions , making this problem a problem of old people .
as long as we dare to fight real battles , we will not resolve difficult problems that cannot be solved .
the new party committee group reached a consensus , and the principal leaders personally made preparations for the disposal of all unauthorized housing problems .
on the one hand , they were moving , and were willing to make a speech , hoping that the relevant personnel would talk about the use of the maize house in the army , the finance park , and the housing department , and this shows the party committee 's firm determination and principled stand .
for some housing units that are not willing to withdraw from houses that are occupied by the public , the party committee organs promptly made arrangements with their units and adopted corresponding measures to ensure that their own units are coordinated with the military .
after two months of painstaking work , all those who have violated the rules and regulations will be moved out on schedule . the officers working in the battalion will be assigned to housing according to regulations .
the party committee of the unit dared to fight tough battles than the real ones , and also produced a pithy effect . the original cadres who were unwilling to cooperate actively in organizational distribution have also expressed their acceptance of the decision by the organization .
qiao qingchen meets bangladesh air force chief
this newspaper , july 9 , beijing
zhang shun reported : cao qingchen , member of the central military commission and commander of the air force , met here today with general chi haotian , chief of staff of the bangladesh air force .
qiao qingchen said : since the establishment of diplomatic relations , the relations between china and bangladesh have developed smoothly , high - level exchanges have been frequent , and friendly exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been constantly strengthened .
both countries have always maintained close cooperation in international affairs and in the construction of their respective countries .
china appreciates and thanks bangladesh for its support on the issues of taiwan 's human rights and tibet .
qiao qingchen said that the chinese army cherishes the development of friendly relations with the bangladeshi army and hopes that with the joint efforts of both sides , the friendly cooperation between the two armies will be further expanded and the two armies will be strengthened . the friendly exchanges and cooperation between the two countries ' air force will be enhanced to a new level .
qi said bangladesh would make unremitting efforts to further develop the friendly relations between the two armies , especially the air forces of the two countries .
he reiterated that the bangladesh government will , as always , adhere to the one - china policy .
before the meeting , qiao qingchen held a welcoming ceremony for chicago .
qi made the above remarks at qiao 's invitation .
the 7 th military uniform designers invited the chinese military website
beijing , july 13 -- this newspaper , yang baojin , liu yxin , a reporter from the pla , reported that the pla units will be changing their 7 - style uniform from 1 august .
this evening , the chinese military network specially invited the military and need materials department to be used by the deputy director of the equipment bureau chen jun and senior engineer of the military equipment research institute of the army supplies department , jang keyang , as a guest of the chinese military service network , and was closely connected with the background and development process of the new military uniform of the netizens within and outside the army , and this drew repercussions in netizens .
the two guests were the 2007 military uniform design , the direct propellant .
speaking of the changes in the new military uniform , they said that the 07 - style military uniform was specially decorated with 97 military uniforms .
the most important characteristic of the 07 - style military uniform is the generalization of the system and the appearance of man - made personnel , which makes our military uniform for the first time reach the level of coordination of the three armed services , and marks the beginning of the military 's uniform building in a historical leap .
the two guests also exchanged views on the new varieties of military uniforms , including the phytoplankton type , and other issues with netizens .
the current jaws is jointly produced by the chinese military network and the new surname nets of china .
the jingjiang city people 's armed forces platform improves the quality of military cadres
the report says that cao jiagong is a pure report : on 18 june , a special military cadre of jingjiang city , jiangsu province , gathered together to gather together the cadres of the armed forces department of xigxian town , lu yuqing , on " winning the psychological war under the condition of informationization . " the guidance class was unanimously conferred by the students in the psychological training .
this is a new achievement made by the ministry of public security in light of the actual work post , and it is necessary to devote efforts to improving the overall quality of the cadres with special arms .
at the beginning of this year , the party committee of the people 's armed forces department discovered during the investigation and study of the grass - roots units that some cadres with special arms were working for posts , positions , and positions , and did not concentrate their main energies on doing armed work .
therefore , they have adopted a method of concentrated training to train personnel and to rely on training at local party schools to conduct regular training of specialized military cadres and to focus on resolving the problem of having a single knowledge - oriented professional knowledge on the part of military cadres .
in connection with the central task , we should give special military cadres with weapons to work boldly , and through their posts , we should improve their ability to work .
at the same time , they actively coordinated local organization departments and jointly formulated the " plan for hiring cadres with special arms " and explicitly stipulated that the armed forces minister must be in the leading body of the party committee in the name of the party committee and that he will not be engaged in other duties ;
and established a mechanism for the adjustment and exchange of cadres with special arms , and made a decision on some cadres who are not suited to the armed forces at the grassroots level in a timely manner , adjusting and exchanging their ideas , and making good use of comrades who have a strong ability to work in a comprehensive manner .
not long ago , chen yisong , director of the new century department of the armed forces company ltd. , led the militia technical detachment to develop underwater vessels , thus turning the internal acreage into the company 's armed forces department .
good will still be good at the beginning
from the result of the competition , the two - to - two score was reasonable , and also could be accepted by the paperwork . the key is the competition process , and the number of people are regrettable .
if the iranian team is 2 to 0 , then the final will be set to equalize , then the feeling of being a pair of chinese will certainly be very strong , and the situation is complicated .
the good will cannot be ended , but it can be said that it is a problem .
the situation is often unstable under the condition of the situation . the views of ordinary people are china 's psychological quality not perfect .
this is indeed a kind of thing that can not be done in the end .
however , judging from the competition today , it seems that it is not as good as it is .
sun jiapai , sun jianguang , shaojiuyi , and others kicked in europe , and did not say that li wei and others were also the old sandy of the jingsha court . they saw many things as they had seen and said that their mental quality would not be anything .
this pity was forced by the iranian team , and the reason was probably the temporary move to hand over the troops to iraq .
the iranian team has been replaced by two in a backward situation , and the scene has been immediately destroyed .
the second half of the game also changed three shots , but the results were not good .
to overcome the problem of being good and not being able to end well , we must find the root cause of the problem .
so long as the problem is accurately identified , it is probably not difficult to find a way to change the problem .
fear that they will be afraid of a sudden illness to seek medical treatment .
if this is done , the pig will be able to play more games , and the old will still be guilty , and it is not possible to talk about the kick that everyone is looking forward to .
the ministry of public security gave the guangdong border defense corps hospital a collective account of the second group .
this newspaper , shenzhen , july 18 th
li guoliang and huiqi reported : over the years , guangdong border defense corps hospital has , while doing a good job of providing medical support to the poor , exerted its utmost to help the masses in difficulty . one after another , pingcuo , pingcuo , and pingcuo .
this morning , the ministry of public security gave a collective account of the second jiuxiang rally of the guangdong border defense corps and the advanced deeds of supporting the government and cherishing the people to a grand gathering in shenzhen .
the hospital of the guangdong border defense corps has built a new type of medical service in the city of buji , phuagong , and wanan of shenzhen .
the hospital has specially provided a cart for the public health care system , and has provided free medical service to migrant workers and introduced a health care service card for migrant workers . the hospital only needs seven yuan per month , and the money is only paid to accommodate 12 basic medical inspections and safeguards .
this will benefit farmers and will benefit more than 12,000 farmers .
from the beginning , the hospital also launched a large - scale live - in - the - shaped manger - shaped tube - shaped medical personnel , who were organized for eight times to go to the wangyuan , yunnan , and other places to send a bright and healthy souvenir to the tibetan region and carry out a free surgery of nearly 3,000 pages , thus making the patient very bright .
the armed police force has changed its 7 - style clothing since 1 august .
this newspaper , beijing , july 19 - liu zhifeng , zhang jianfeng , reported that the armed police force will be changing its 7 - style clothing from 1 august .
today , this reporter obtained a report from the 7 - style uniform distribution ceremony of the armed police force and the pavilion of the 7 - style uniform that was replaced by the 7 - 7 pistol , and the four - category pyramid cards were issued .
the current rugby green readjustment is a deep - green , white - wound , and trousers .
the female officers and men were engaged in the construction of the roofttery hats , the changsha clothes was changed to the lead style , the basin structure , and the spring and autumn coat design design .
the new name plate , the new name plate , the national defense liner and the blue belt , and the new design of the hat bubbles , the flower crop , and the armoured badge , enhanced the identification function , and enhanced the sense of beauty .
the armed police seventh garments will be replaced by three years .
before 1 august 2007 , the pla will simultaneously launch a military - wide probe for the cadres and the national flag and the military basket , the military band , the pen , and the pair of the pen , and the soldiers of the beijing area will be replaced by spring and autumn uniquely beamed in the spring and spring .
in may , the officers and men of other units were replaced by a spring and autumn uniform , a pair of the beige .
the spring festival is scheduled to be held in october for the sake of the pig .
in december 2009 , the soldiers were replaced with winter uniforms .
the training was substituted and the training was gradually replaced in the same season .
a certain base of the second artillery corps is small and scattered , and the area of direct education is operating in a distant and cooperative manner .
the reporter of this newspaper , xue qianjian , and xu qing reported : the education organization of small units directly subordinate to the higher authorities is difficult to fight with each other 's own resources . at a certain base of the second artillery corps , it will become history .
the reporter recently learned that after six months of experiments , the base issued the " implementation of the ' program for ideological and political education ' " to cover all small , scattered and directly subordinate units of the base .
to promote the effective implementation of the " program of ideological and political education , " the base organized forces to conduct a thorough and thorough investigation of the current situation of ideological and political education in small , scattered , and fragile results of education , and initially formed a framework of small , scattered , and directly subordinate units .
the specific practice of the cooperative areas is to break down the demarcation line between the units and to designate a brigade - level unit at the brigade level in the area of relatively centralized film areas to carry out unified planning for education on the main theme , and the units under different affiliated organizations are close to the rostrum for listening classes or conducting long - range discussions .
the practice of combining formats with competition for posts has been adopted to centralize the educational forces , and the hardware and software for education in the film district has been used in a unified manner , and the data and experience of various units have been exchanged , and the number of typical examples of film areas are organized regularly to report to officers and men on study and discussion .
each area of the cooperation zone has set up a mechanism for educating the public and for educating the public .
on this basis , various cooperation zones have also established a mechanism for assistance in major education projects , which involves the joint operation of major education projects , an urgent circular system for reporting and assessing the ideological situation .
zhang shumin , director of the political department of the base , told this reporter that the establishment of a political education cooperation zone has not only reduced the waste of educational resources but also deepened the educational results .
some political fears that officers and men of foreign units will lose their seats and take the initiative to learn new knowledge to explore new methods for education .
officers and men who received the education were also active in educational activities , and were afraid to discuss and analyze the situation in front of officers and men of the neighboring units .
this kind of pair and the enthusiasm of the masses have been effectively stimulated .
a certain squadron of the north sea fleet is assigned to the soldiers .
the pla daily reported that zhang junhong , liu hongjun , was on a certain red army squadron of the north sea fleet under the leadership of zhang weiliang , a deputy chief engineer of the north sea fleet , and the 31 fighters of the unit happily took up the beidaihe train .
the six - level ncos , luo xiangming , happily told this reporter : the leaders of the group care for the fighters . after we came back , we will certainly work hard to work !
we should organize grass - roots fighters to fight for the first time in this group .
not long ago , yao qingsheng went deep into the grass - roots level to see that some fighters responsible for the work of plugging the walls to carry out repairs of equipment , and this greatly moved yao qingsheng .
the fighters have forgotten their work , and the party committee should be concerned about and cherish the soldiers , and be responsible for the health of the fighters . the party committee of the company has won the approval of all those who are on the table .
after studying the decision , the party committee decided to transfer all the upper levels to the regiment 's level of the unit 's quota to all the fighters working on the front line .
a certain unit of the jinan military region has openly handled affairs ,
jfjb carries photo of pla daily
wang weiqin , a special envoy of the chinese embassy in jinan , said on 25 july that the author saw in a certain jinan military region : one piece of paper with the army 's project bidding for the construction of the project , the public bulk of the cadre who was promoted to the rank of lieutenant general , and other important items were hung in the showcase .
according to su cheng - sen , political commissar of the pla general office , this is a concrete move taken by the ministry to promote the system of opening affairs to the public .
the party committee of this military region has formulated a " system for two - way supervision by the organs at the grassroots level " in order to strengthen the building of party style and clean government , and has demanded that all major issues involving the immediate interests of officers and men and the building of the military be decided upon upon upon upon hearing the opinions of the officers and men at the grassroots level . this has also made public the results of the work plan , including the result of the implementation of the project .
the unit has set up a public bulk wall , and opened a platform for the operation , and extensively collected the opinions and suggestions of the public .
at the beginning of the year , the fighters were engaged in renovation and renovation projects in the dormitory building . before the start of the project , the party committee organs extensively solicited opinions from officers and men , and then issued tender invitation information and then issued public bidding .
it has saved the funds and won the support of the officers and men .
open and fair work has brought about the formation of a good atmosphere at the grassroots level .
in this military unit , grassroots companies , no matter whether they are big or sensitive issues , are small to individual accounts and money to be sold to individuals .
( international ) study shows that the shade is related to two types of genetic plants
london , july 2 ( xinhua ) icelandic scientists have found out through research that the roofs of the two genes in the swamp are far higher than the risk of ordinary people .
according to the latest issue of natural magazine , iceland 's prototype pangling pyramid corporation , researchers of the company 's genetic archaeologists have expressed their dissatisfaction with several thousand people from icelandic chlorine and hong kong , and obtained the above discovery .
the two genes and heart - shaped cave that were discovered by scientists are similar in the location of the important function of the cartoon .
the room suddenly eased up , and was the most severe clinical magic , which could lead to a heart - shaped heart - shaped mock and a pawn .
according to the " natural genetic " magazine published on 1 july , the guy magazine reported that the research personnel of the pangling pyramid company were still on the 17 th human body and found a genetic disease related to the former legend cancer . they were found in the front dose cancer of more than one - third of the previous cases .
the study also found that one of the genes is in the process of raising the risk of human genome , and it also reduces the risk of suffering from pigs .
( sports ) the old gate of the united states may be retired after the kelle american cup
xinhua news agency , marathon , july 3 ( reporter liu jian )
according to a report by the venezuelan media on 3 august , the 37 - year - old veteran player , kelle , said during an interview that if the us cup could not find an appropriate club effect , then he would choose to be retired .
if the us cup finals four to six weeks after the finals , i still cannot get the high level cup one - two swiss .
with the opening of the gelead team to germany , kelle also left the team .
although kelle was willing to take the hand , he was obviously able to get a picture of the tommy , and he himself was still living in the room . so far , as many as eight teams have been invited to the championship .
however , this former veteran who had served the western region 's princess and germans said that he would ultimately choose to be determined by the family , my children have already been nine years old , and he will be accompanied by my two children in three different countries .
at the gold cup that ended not long ago , kelle played a good role in helping the team win the championship .
he still was the main coach of the american cup , bradley , but nineteen of nineteen players were killed .
the next match against the colombian team is very likely to be the match between the rock and the kelle in the final performance at the american cup .
( overseas ) world - class strawberries cell phones to land in china at the end of august
xinhua news agency , july 1 - according to a report by canada 's " global post " , after eight years of efforts , the canadian company 's black berris ( luckard ) , a smart cell phone , has finally been approved to enter china 's market . the first black - straw cell phone will be listed in china at the end of august .
chief executive officer of the tamil paul bauer said that he would visit shanghai in china 's pingtan and other major cities , including beijing , shanghai , and guangzhou .
the " global post " quoted a manager of the beijing office as saying that the number of black strawberries 8700g cell will be on the chinese market by the end of august , and the sales price will be about $ 5,000 .
bauhinia said that last week , the company 's ibrahim cell phone was getting more and more concerned about the use of smart cell phones as a competitor , harry cell phone has already been listed in more than 100 countries around the world .
according to statistics , in the first quarter of this year , new users in choi chuen 's black cell phone reached 1.2 - million , with total users reaching 900,000 .
( international ) spain : husband 's wife killed in murder
july 7 ( xinhua ) a spanish woman was hit by a monument in the fight against the spanish woman , who was dragged with a pair of blue cloth , and discovered that the attacker was his husband , and the police had arrested him .
according to a report by the media here on 6 april , the woman was found in a blanket in barents .
one day , a man in a mockery , thinking that she was a hijacking , then told him to go to the drawer to take money out of the drawer .
but the man did not take money but instead cut the neck of the woman , wanted to get her .
she wanted to use the method of killing to produce the fruit , but the man did not have her face , or kicked her , and she pulled her back her neck .
in the struggle , the woman was dragged with a face , but found that the person was actually her husband .
the murderer was arrested by police .
the victim told the media that she and her husband were going to get a divorce procedure because of their unhappy feelings . they had two children .
13 pilots resigned wuhan company , wuhan , ltd. to claim compensation for more than 100 million yuan
wuhan , july 11 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has made efforts to promote the development of the western region
the 13 pilots submitted resignation , dongfang airlines , china 's wuhan airlines limited liability company , ltd. , to offer a huge amount of compensation amounting to 1.05 - billion yuan . this is the biggest amount of compensation to hubei province so far .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee is now trying the case .
in may this year , 13 pilots of the wuhan airlines of china eastern china presented their resignation , and the company refused to do so .
the pilots then successively issued a written request to the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee in early june to request the termination of the labor relations with the wuhan company of china eastern airlines .
the wuhan company of china eastern airlines received a circular calling for 13 pilots to be released to the company for violating labor contracts .
it is understood that the pilot and the eastern airlines signed unfixed - term labor contracts , except for labor contracts , which were suspended or dissolved , and the labor contract service effect would continue to be the pilot 's legal retirement age .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee will make an appeal and counterappeal for the case and is expected to conclude the trial before august 8 .
germany calls for russia to pass russian border treaty
xinhua news agency , july 12th , by reporter yang dehong : on a visit to germany , german foreign minister steinmeier called on the russian side to pass the russian border treaty as soon as possible .
steinmeier held talks with foreign minister pachut on the same day . the two sides mainly discussed the issues of relations between lirard and cooperation between the european union , and exchanged views on issues concerning the relations between latin america and russia and on the development of relations between the european union and russia .
at a news conference after the talks , steinmeier called on the russian side to pass the lavrov border treaty as soon as possible .
steinmeier said that the whole region and russia have improved relations with each other .
on 27 march this year , after 10 years of negotiations , prime minister carl ville and russian prime minister yonkov signed a joint statement on the border between the two countries in moscow .
on 17 may , the latin american parliament passed the treaty on the border between russia and russia .
according to media reports , the russian parliament will conduct a vote on the treaty in the near future .
dprk , rok to hold sixth round of six - party talks
pyongyang , july 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government and people are ready to work together to promote the development of the two countries ' relations
the military representatives of the dprk and the rok held military talks in panama on 16 february . the two sides agreed to hold the sixth round of talks between the 24th and 26th .
according to a report by the dprk news agency , dprk military representative yim sung - soo put forward a proposal on the sea area in the western north of the dprk to the north of pak ling island .
he said : the establishment of a common area must be implemented to the maximum the objective of seeking common national prosperity and common benefits , and ensuring peace and stability .
on the existing friendly relations between the two sides , park said that in order to prevent the two sides from having military conflicts in the western region , the two sides should abandon their respective insistence on sea , respect each other , respect each other , and respect each other , and push the relevant north and south korean agreements to the dprk and the rok as an internationally recognized legal basis for consultation .
he said that timely formulation of military safeguards to promote cooperation and exchanges between the dprk and the rok is a key issue that the dprk military always sticks to .
he said : the rok side should take military measures to ensure the non - governmental shipping service of the dprk can be directly released from haizhou port and the kaizhou strait free passage .
this is another important meeting held by the dprk and rok after 10 april , after the recent military talks between the two sides .
the fifth round of talks between the dprk and the rok was held in the north korean side of pingtan from 8 to 11 may .
( international ) hyundai motor denies intending to purchase wolfowitz
seoul , july 18 ( xinhua ) a spokesman for the hyundai motor company of the republic of korea said on the 18th that the company had no intention to purchase any brands from wal waver or toyn .
the sunday times and the new york times both recently reported that the thunderbolt might sell wolfowitz .
the sunday times even reported that the " sunday times " said that the hyundai motor company of the republic of korea is a potential buyer of wolfowitz .
a spokesman for the hyundai motor company said that we are very interested in purchasing wolfowitz or road tiger , and that modern medicine is busy implementing our own expansion plan . it is totally unhurriedly for him to take care of the matter .
in 1999 , 64.5 - million us dollars were bought from swedish wolfowitz .
at present , wolfowitz and louis vincent are all subordinate to the chief car group ( + tu ) of the rph .
in march this year , the amount of money that fell into a loss of $ 8.44 us dollars was sold to the us dollar , and last month , the company again indicated that it was considering selling the tiger and the bag .
( sports ) cuba 's rotating rope rope is too short
xinhua news agency , rio de janeiro , july 21 ( reporter chen weihua and yan tong )
on 21 march , the cuban delegation held a rope in the boxing table of the pan - american games , which will affect the performance of fist .
according to the rules of international fist , the rope of the rock tower should be 6.1 meters in the international competition , but according to the coach of the fist team of the cuban delegation , pelrogrick , the impact of the current pan - american games on taiwan is almost 1 meter short .
roque said that the new york - based government had been making a formal protest because this was not an issue affecting cuba 's country but a matter involving all people .
the rope will have a very short impact on the flashing of the fist .
he also said that if the two sides could not find any suitable olympic standards , they would be able to make a decision to the other side .
as we know , we have brought from cuba a throat .
the mexican and colombian delegations also expressed their thanks to the rope rope .
columbian fist zhu liuo dobius won the first battle , but he said : although i won the war , i won the first match , the battle was too narrow .
the export of the big rabbit milk sugar to overseas markets
xinhua news agency , july 24 , shanghai ( by staff reporter xu shansong and yuan lihong ) - this reporter learned from the guanyuan ( group ) company ltd. that the dabulous milk sugar of the shanghai port has recently resumed exports , and many overseas chinese have demanded orders for production .
the guansheng garden is a large - scale project of the company 's coronary park in singapore .
the first company of the guansheng garden in malaysia , the jiasheng company , said that the guansheng garden was asked to be transported from shanghai to malaysia .
the corsel park is also a member of the hong kong - based hong kong - based hong kong - based hong kong food safety centre ( hkcfs ) , which is a sample of bacterial sugar , after testing , confirmed that there is no formaldehyde ingredient .
the hong kong chinese orchestra has received a notice that it has decided to sell more than 100 munitions in hong kong .
it is understood that the 10 - metre long bow mw in shanghai port has gradually resumed exports .
at present , seven containers are rabbit null sugar , which is being developed to the mangjiagawa , malaysia 's tamiflu , nepali , united states , and other countries .
( international ) crimes of manufacturing british bombs arrested
london , july 26 ( xinhua ) british police announced on july 26 that the british police had made a bomb attack on the british pistol - shaped porcelain in mid - july in the city of jonathan , capital of lankaier , on july 23 .
the police said that the man was named praimick , aged 51 , to be unemployed . he will be extorted and manufactured bombs .
on the afternoon of 14 july ( in the afternoon of 14 july ) , the 14 th national salt company in britain was ordered to close down as a result of a bomb threat . it was not until the next day that it was opened for business .
the british public 's peak of purchasing , at that time , 14 sweater - shutdown bordering the british biggest trading company .
the british police then conducted a criminal investigation on the threat of the bomb and announced that no terrorist suspects were found in the incident , but there might be some economic problems behind it .
( sports ) the wharf of the beijing olympic games is blooming in the butterfly season
beijing , july 28 ( xinhua ) the olympic games will be held in beijing next year , with the expected humid august to become a sea of water .
through changing the flowers and other technical means , scientific researchers have found a good idea of increasing the flavor of the olympic games .
the summer olympics in beijing on 28 august was held in beijing with the new varieties of new varieties and the testing of new varieties of cultivation and cultivation applications . the experts concluded that the new technology for controlling new pathways and natural flowers can be used for the same period of summer , and the beijing olympic games will be held in august . the results of the project will be achieved as good as possible .
in beijing 's summer , we can only see a dozen types of grand pair , most of them are either falling or even not reaching the level of the bucket .
after making efforts , scientific research personnel selected 206 types of orange strains for the summer olympics .
at the 2007 olympic games held in haidian park in beijing , the beijing olympics was opened to the public .
turkish ruling party wins parliamentary election
xinhua news agency , july 30 , by wire ( reporter jian wang ) the 23 rd parliamentary election , which was announced by the supreme electoral commission of turkey , shows that the ruling justice and development party has won 341 seats of 550 seats , and has once again obtained the power of a party .
during the election of the parliament held on 22 july , the main opposition party , the republic of korea , won a seat .
the national action party won 71 seats in the election .
in addition to the three political parties mentioned above , 26 were elected members .
turkey 's new parliament will hold its first meeting in august .
at that time , all members of the parliament will be sworn in and will begin to perform their duties .
after that , the parliament will elect the new speaker through a free voting .
the turkish parliament election was originally scheduled to be held in november , but in the presidential election at the end of april , the opposition party was forced to vote on the only candidate , paul ben , vice premier and foreign minister of the development party , which led to the failure of the presidential election and the parliamentary election .
