the white house urged the united states to send nuclear inspectors to monitor north korea 's closure of nuclear reactors
the white house today called for an early dispatch of nuclear inspectors to monitor the north korea 's nuclear reactor , while the white house was preparing to hold a meeting with south korean president roh moo - hyun after a phone conversation .
the white house national security spokesman strongly condemned the us government for its " unfriendly " policy toward iraq .
the chief executive pointed out that the two presidents also expressed satisfaction with the signing of the us - south korean free trade agreement yesterday .
experts believe that the dprk 's economy has been growing in the past 20 years , and its industrial output has been increasing in the short run .
the us six - party talks ' special envoy christopher hill said last week that he expected that the dprk would react to its nuclear reactor in mid - july .
india 's western region is rich in gas
india 's western weekend is a busy day .
the rescue team arrived in beijing on monday to begin a three - day trip to south korea .
the annual six - month period will be from 9 am to 5 pm .
the luxury millionaire , half of the victims were hit by the flood , and the other one was drowned due to the shortage of housing or the sharp rise of the mouth .
india 's financial center has also been affected by the shortage of oil .
in the first half of the 29 th century , the beijing - tianjin - qianren - xi - danren - danren - dwelling ,
the administrative chief executive , zarqawi , said that the united states had 13 deaths .
the city government called on all citizens to cut their mouths and slacken their efforts in the short rain to safeguard the safety of themselves .
yesterday , the rainy day was slightly simplistic , most of the areas were still flooded .
india 's flood has nearly 500 people dead
according to officials and media reports , the us government will spend $ 1 billion on building up the country 's economy this year , which has caused a death of over 40,000 people nationwide .
the indian news and broadcasting trust ( cna ) quoted government officials as saying that the government is responsible for the construction of the caves , kadan , and kashanzag , the recent times in various parts of india , casualties and economic losses , and only the largest city of india , where india 's largest city is located , the city of raja , has now been known as 350 people .
the report pointed out that the kadena is a key state where the cake was inspected .
he said : at the same time , india is the largest cotton producing country , the largest cotton producing country , and the largest cotton - producing country in the country , with 27 large - sized cities and towns , which were led by a serious water shortage , with over 10,000 victims being killed by a device , which is mainly caused by a shortage of water .
india 's total population is about 1,500 km from the south to the north , and it has entered the top ten provinces and regions .
wen jiabao said on the internet that the chinese people have not yet won the championship in the event of the carlos gatt displaying .
spanish red - carpet angel said today that the spanish government has decided to cut the size of the men 's singles in the polysloping in the poles of the polym - pole in the competition , and its personnel are unable to sustain the war . the nile has entered the final final , and will compete with swiss player wang fei , who has won the world 's championship in the french grand slam , at the french grand l@@
georgia 's economy has been growing at a slower pace with the eight - strong matches .
fourth seed georgia 's withdrawal from the race made the former three - to - six tune of the top four in the white pole , a top - seeded naive , the second seed of the seed , the eighth seed , the eighth seed , the eighth seed , the eighth seed , the eighth seed , the eighth seed , the eighth seed , the eighth .
nakasone , who is the first to be held in the competition , was not able to win the championship in the first round of the competition , but was also the first one to be broken .
the satellite has shown that iran 's tunnels are likely to be used to protect nuclear equipment .
the us think tank 's science and international security research institute ( iiiiu ) reported today that iran is considering the possibility of a new round of nuclear arms race in a valley near the naganz uranium enrichment facility , which may be to protect its nuclear equipment when it encounters air strikes .
these fingers are composed of the united states , the united states , the north and south , and the north , which are the largest in the world .
the study also provides a wide range of research and development opportunities for non - profit research organizations .
the chinese government has made great efforts to improve the quality of the chinese economy , which is just a horizontal island south of the nazarbayev facility , and the facilities are also a uranium enrichment factory .
analysts say that the us economy is growing at a slower pace in the next decade , with the surging inflation in the middle of the tunnels , but the tunnels are not clear .
they said : the ancient silk road , like a water pole , is a tunnel that can be digested into the mountains .
the un special envoy on the convening of a nuclear test in iran is still strongly opposed to the united nations ' decision on the iranian nuclear issue .
the un international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) is expected to launch a new round of negotiations with iranian officials today to further promote the solution of iran 's nuclear program .
however , iranian president ahmadinejad said at the un conference on further sanctions that iran would not accept the us sanctions .
" we are not sure that the united states will not stop uranium enrichment activities , " he said .
he said : the daqing dwelling of the ruins can slow down or accelerate , and this is a problem of execution , but no one should expect that we will give up our rights . we will not stop this trend .
he is in the sea of normandy .
the noonel peace mission is to formulate a new set of plans for the development of iran 's nuclear program .
the united nations failed to freeze uranium enrichment operations , and has made a two - set of sanctions against iran .
the united states has been trying to use nuclear weapons to destroy iran 's nuclear facilities .
iran 's talks group has been working on the issue of nuclear disarmament , including the vice - president of the atomic energy agency , and the ambassador to the international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) , soeynye .
the " falungong " organization , which has been engaged in political activities , will become the new government .
the palestinian authorities have been trying to cut off the mouth of the serf - 16 armed forces in the city of qaida , and the prime minister , fidel ahmed , was temporarily ordered to take charge of the newly - elected government .
the development of agriculture and the social affairs department , habibi , told afp that the main cause of the accident was the " death " of the chairman .
abbas 's aide told afp that the fatah - led palestinian government had been dismissing from the israeli army .
the " taiwan independence " forces have been trying to " resist reunification and " defend taiwan " and have been trying to " resist reunification . "
the french president has been in office since the meeting on 17 august .
according to the palestinian autonomous government 's basic law , nothing else can be done to the abu ghraib prison without the consent of the palestinian national authority , but now the autonomous parliament is paralyzed .
the emergency government 's authorization today expects .
the wto representative proposed that the new case be broken down by the doha round of talks
the world trade organization ( wto ) 's main negotiator today suggested that the united states reduce its subsidies to agriculture , develop the country 's industrial products , reduce the import tariffs , and break the doha round of trade talks .
officials said that the new government 's proposal on drawing up the white paper on national agricultural development is a reflection of the current policy of 100.00 us dollars , lower than 200 us dollars , and developing countries have reduced industrial products from tariffs to 100 percent , while others are being reduced to below the size of the table .
these proposals are aimed at breaking the doha round of six - year talks , which have not been held in the wto , and bringing about a compromise among wto member states .
the wto secretary general , titled these proposals , is a gigantic agreement that has a balance of the interests of the developing countries , and a fair and reasonable basis for developing agreements .
the two countries have maintained close contacts and cooperation in the field of economy , trade , culture , education , culture , and health .
he called on the two sides to conduct intensive and thorough talks in the next few weeks .
the strong impact of the sudden rise of china 's auto industry , the polysler of the japanese automobile industry , or the degenerator of the automobile industry ,
japan 's defense ministry said on monday that it was highly polite in the norm of the automobile industry , which had a shortage of auto parts and a production of japanese cars .
japan 's military strength is being weakened by a leaping 68th , and automobile manufacturers are considering the possibility of a sudden suspension of the tokyo 's northwestern region 's operation . the company has been forced to suspend its operations in the area of the tokyo - based auto industry , and has affected the production of the automobile plant .
the world 's largest buyer of cars , the largest in scale , said that the caoqi cooler will temporarily suspend its domestic automobile production tonight to 21 february .
the japanese economy is expected to continue to grow in the next few years , said a spokesman for the ministry of commerce here thursday .
he said : the two countries ' factories have the same two lines , namely , one is a mouth , which will be affected , but the next month the company may increase the number of classes to make up for the backward production progress .
suzudi said that the next day 's meeting of the china - asean cooperation forum will be suspended , and the production of the tunnels of the japanese fuel company will begin tomorrow .
the automobile industry said that the next week may be temporarily suspended some of the sunrise supply from the list of eight - million households .
this incident has caused a most serious earthquake of at least 10 people , including qi gong , and several hundred houses were damaged .
the " falungong " organization has been scrambling to remove the malpractices of selling out the green nuts in indonesia ,
the chinese side is willing to continue to make joint efforts with the us side to promote the early resumption of the six - party talks , said the ministry of commerce .
the public light bus stand at the indonesian square in the high consumption area was mostly the mouth of the eye .
if the people are for a dozen or forty thousand luggage ( about 450 taiwan dollars ) , the new taiwan dollar will become mixed with the big ones , and it is not worth it , the gates of the gates of the gates of the gates of the gates of the gates of the gates of the gates , the guru of the guru , the guru of the guranganzi , the guru
the hong kong people held a grand rally in the sales shop on 6 may to buy the " three big " stocks from britain 's liangyu , the norwegian [ name as transliterated ] , the noel [ name as transliterated ] , and the miao [ name as transliterated ] environmental protection bags , which refused to sell their own green bags , but refused to sell their homes to sell their own angel , resulting in a sharp sensation .
this model of " green " is a new model of " green belts " aimed at replacing the old - handed bags , but it was just like a new one in london and new york on the eve of the day . the auction price of the website ea.a has already reached several times the price of zero .
the only one was a former us president who was involved in selling us - made shares of the us - made megaz - soap [ cu - chipman ] , saying that it was not certain whether he would sell it in a few days .
the crisis of the hostages , south korea , and south korea , directly negotiating with the united states ,
the afghan government has kidnapped 23 south korean hostages and set the date for the final deadline today . it has asked south korea to withdraw troops from the country , or otherwise it will kill hostages .
with the time being by one minute and one second , the situation has witnessed a positive development . south korean officials today held talks with the north african union for the first time .
however , under such circumstances , the organization says that another chinese - funded enterprise , who was kidnapped , is very weak .
the united states called on germany and south korea to withdraw troops from afghanistan and demanded that these hostages be exchanged for the afghan government 's 33 guerrillas .
the spokesman said the chinese government has made great efforts to promote the development of the western mega - gay region through the tribes ' long - lasting and direct contact with south korean representatives , which has built ties with south korean representatives , has built up ties with south korean representatives , and has built up ties with south korean representatives .
the amazing said : " we hope to see this round of talks yield results , which are mostly the united states , the republic of korea [ rok ] , the republic of korea [ rok ] , the republic of korea [ rok ] , and the republic of korea [ rok ] .
the chinese government has decided to send a delegation to taiwan for the first time in the evening of the evening of the evening of the taiwan time .
the chinese government has twice displayed its ability to provide assistance to the poor .
the maritime dispute is difficult to reach a consensus on the two koreas military talks .
as the sea area of the sea area is divided by different lines , the three - day north - south high - level military talks will not be held in a jubilant atmosphere today .
in the border cities , the " shanghai five " summit was held today .
the red tide was up , and the eyes were obviously not pleasant .
he pointed out that the north - bound gates are not legal .
the " huanqiu " [ beijing ] , which is located in the north , was the first time the us military started its surgical operation after the korean war ended in 1953 .
north korea said it was not surprising that south korea had banned its uranium enrichment activities , and it said south korea had been accused of lacking evidence .
local waters are expected to be affected by the outbreak of the conflict in june 1999 , causing dozens of north korean crew members .
in june 2002 , the " falungong " organization again reported a similar conflict , and six south korean people were unfortunate .
the us finance minister 's visit to china
the us treasury secretary , powell , arrived in china yesterday to visit the united states , and the united states is now exerting all - out efforts to persuade china to further implement the necessary economic reform and environmental protection work , especially the issue of the renminbi exchange rate which has attracted much attention .
the us diplomatic personnel said that powell had not made any decision on his first trip to the qinghai province of china 's northwest region .
china has now become a major energy - saving country in the world , and has carried out a series of environmental protection plans .
bob zumen today left for beijing , where he will meet with chinese officials in charge of the work of promoting the initiation of the sino - us strategic economic dialogue last year .
the us - china strategic economic dialogue is mainly focused on discussing economic issues such as environmental protection , and the most important thing is the issue of the rmb exchange rate . us congressmen believe that the rmb is too undervalued .
the us - china trade deficit is rapidly emerging . the us pressure is gradually rising . the us congressmen are preparing to adopt a retaliatory action to resist their so - called unfair trade policy toward china .
last week , the us senate finance committee passed an overwhelming bill to allow the us treasury to approve the monetary exchange rate basically surpluses , resulting in a sharp decline in the country 's foreign exchange rate .
the us congressional delegation said that the rmb underestimated the chinese market 's ability to sell goods to the united states is very coincidentally , aggravating the imbalance in us - china trade deficits last year , reaching $ 255 million .
moore 's mourning said he would be a cake - glianhe who had completely withdrawn from the ditch before the 60 th anniversary of the age of the guanqiu soccer team .
from the beginning , the first thing , moody 's was about to rise in the future .
the chinese newspaper has published a list of 14 famous famous famous writers , the new guanqiu , but i will stay in xianqi , xianjing , and meiqi .
moore said he was glad to see the achievements made by the chinese government in the past years .
however , 44 - year - old moussa was not a member of the national security council who had made his whole life a good thing , and he said he would retire before the age of 60 . he did not want to be a good man like boetting and fragile , but he would be a man of the year .
the chinese government has already sent a letter of apology to his wife , and i will not , as president roosevelt and fraser , continue to teach until 70 years old , how can i do something about your own life ?
moore said he was a chinese citizen , a chinese citizen , and a chinese woman .
i have a lot of things that i cannot do now .
the chinese government has not thought of becoming a football advisor or or or a technical director , such as baradei or sachari .
i do n't want to play such a role .
i do n't want to become a club .
( qi liang )
the flood - drilling center in shanxi province , wang bing in the village , wang bing in the lianbing village , was involved in the case .
the two sides exchanged views on the future development of china - africa relations and the future of china - africa cooperation .
the domestic media have also made a lot of comments on this case .
the local government has decided to take the initiative to rebuild the airport in the area because of the relatively cautious local departments .
at present , the number of millionaires is still under way .
according to linfen city intermediate court , the sentence was suspended from the trial in lianju . it is estimated that the lianbing case will end on that day .
however , whether or not the court pronounced its verdict is still unknown .
at 0900 hours , the reporter asked about the news report from linfen city 's intermediate court . the loudspeaker was quiet and the door was covered with a breeze .
perhaps it is a very serious challenge to the court 's ongoing activities .
the chinese people were very excited when they were in the middle of the century .
a us congressman who traveled here said that he was worried about the national emblem and said himself and herself .
prior to this , hongdongxian county sources confirmed that the defendant wang bing had been arrested by his father cao xiansheng , former party branch secretary of xianchun village , according to law .
prior to this , wang dongtao was arrested by the police in the waters near the lianbing mine .
the " wang bing - bing - bing - ting " case has triggered a lawsuit in shanxi .
the dprk and the rok have conducted a series of cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources .
the two sides exchanged views on the current situation of the six - party talks on the korean peninsula nuclear issue .
the dprk and the rok held talks on the issue of developing light industry and underground resources on 7 september .
according to the agreement , the rok will provide the dprk with a light - industry products , such as clothing , with a subsidy of $ 1 billion for some domestic enterprises .
according to the report , the united states has been working hard with the dprk on the issue of sending troops to iraq , and the rok and the dprk have held talks in the city for three days .
according to the agreement , the rok will spend about 300,000 us dollars in north korea 's garments and soap production materials , with total value of 93 japanese yen .
right now , the dprk will take domestic three nuclear reactors as its own example .
the rok government will hold a meeting on 25 july with the foreign ministers of the republic of korea ( rok ) from the kadima port in the west to deliver the first batch of contracts with north korea .
according to the plan , from 28 july , the rok and the dprk jointly conducted a joint military exercise on the eastern part of the dprk .
the rok government has made preparations for the launch of the 400,000 - ton high - tech aid to the dprk .
in the dprk 's statement that it is willing to actively carry out the six - nation talks on closing nuclear facilities , the dprk and the rok will continue to strengthen economic cooperation .
lanzhou bureau of commodities and services ;
the two sides exchanged views on the current situation in the middle east and the middle east situation .
the following special traffic arrangements will be implemented at the lanzhou city commodities bureau this afternoon :
the news conference learned that the prices of the products of the products of the products were the highest in the world , and the main reason was that the prices of the products were too high and exceeded the standards of the general population .
it is reported that the cattle price has risen , the increase is as high as 20 percent , and data show that the price of the products has been rising since the beginning of the 1980 s .
" the government 's behavior is to ensure that the government is responsible for the interests of the common people in the region , and we have to pay the highest price to taiwan , which is determined by the cost - investigation . "
last month , the lanzhou city bureau of quality and industry bureau of qianqi city , together with four departments , jointly conducted a survey of the prices of bulliks and meat . once the news is revealed , it will trigger a strong concern .
according to reports , the forum aims to extensively listen to the opinions of all circles and provide a forum for the next step of the concrete management methods for taiwan , and it is also disclosed that lanzhou will hold a news conference tomorrow .
this will be the first time that lanzhou city has raised the prices of bull meat .
the penalty of a fine - tuning of the china region : ending three months of activities
the two sides exchanged views on the current situation in china 's economic development and the situation in china 's economy , according to reports from the china internet website on 11 july .
the punishment has shown that the chinese region 's development promotion association is in the following illegal acts : 1 .
the investigation showed that the daqing company members were mostly breast - fed with a population of 2,000 yuan per year , with the result of a total of more than 20 units running out of the mouth of the 20 units , and the other one unit 's members collecting 21,000 yuan , the other one was the same as the other , the other was collected from each family 's cost to the yuan , which was about 80,000 yuan , and the proportion of the company 's products was seriously
the united states has decided to establish a " management system " under article 33 of the " regulations on registration of social organizations . "
the rok government hopes to resolve the korean peninsula nuclear issue through the six - party talks .
the two sides exchanged views on the current situation in the korean peninsula and the situation in the korean peninsula , according to the rok - based joint news agency on july 12 .
the rok minister of foreign affairs and trade issued a commentary on 12 june , saying that he hopes the talks will continue to make progress in the next stage of the six - party talks .
commentary also said : " the mouth of the dprk nuclear issue is the core of the dprk nuclear issue , and our government will make unremitting efforts to realize the denuclearization of the korean peninsula quickly and successfully , and will work together with relevant countries to this end . the main purpose of this cooperation is to closely cooperate with relevant countries , cooperate with relevant countries , and cooperate closely with relevant countries , and cooperate with relevant countries , and cooperate with them in this regard . the united states is concentr@@
officials disclosed that the beijing olympics is expected to be a major event in the number of participating countries and regions .
the two sides exchanged views on the current situation in the middle east and the middle east situation .
xinhua news agency reports that beijing olympic organizing committee international experts on international affairs gathered in beijing today to discuss the " beijing olympics bid " and the " beijing olympics " to the world city committee next month .
he said that if the unaccident happens , beijing olympic games will become a major event in history for all participating countries and regions .
the report said that the us government will hold a " two - day " meeting on behalf of the beijing olympic committee from 10 to 12 april to hear reports on the beijing olympic games .
wang shih - lin said that the pan - american sports organizations ' various countries and regions are all very interested in participating in the beijing olympics .
it is reported that during the meeting , the two sides will discuss the issue of the beijing olympic committee with the beijing olympic committee .
( gao peng , yang limin )
wang yan 's wounds have turned for the better , " insisting on " taking a plate on a leather and muscle modestly and restoring the " two - level " status of the " two - level " dioxin .
the " wang yan " had already been able to take a stool , but the time was not too long , and her surgical eyes would be dizzy . yesterday , the zhejiang sports bureau 's " liangyu center " director wu xianjun told the reporter that the reporter had a feeling of indifference .
prior to the competition , the injured wang yan was sent to the hospital for treatment .
on the eve of the spring festival , wang yan , from the lianqi - like - eye breathing depresses in the six institutions of shanghai , was on her right limb leather from two to three levels , and left limbs and muslims were 1 level .
in the past half year , wang yan 's family members were found to have been in a further low - lying condition .
the doctor said that wang yan was a dioxin - containing element of the diabetes , which was more than 4 grade , less than the normal level of 5 level , and the leftist muscles were more than 3 level , and that wu xianqin said .
in other words , in less than half a month , the wang yan - in - house muscle neuropaemia restored the two - breathing breathing beans .
former vice president of the supreme people 's court wang yan was able to help him in bed .
the hospital rehabilitation experts originally planned to be able to provide the hospital with a new job in the recovery bed last week .
however , according to wang yan 's current condition , the three - year - old man who had been in a conquered condition for a while was only temporarily postponed .
wu said that china and the united states are now facing many difficulties and problems in the construction of the mega - type megael , and her eyes are mostly covered by the caojing .
venezuelan president says us to cut oil production
the two sides exchanged views on the current situation in the venezuelan presidential palace on july 23rd .
he said : the drastic reduction of senior civil servants ' wages .
he also said that the chinese government has never been allowed to interfere in venezuela 's internal affairs if a foreign country attacks the venezuelan government .
the chinese government has ordered government officials to monitor the situation of foreign visits to venezuela , and it has found that anyone who openly criticizes him or the venezuelan government must expel him .
he said on the evening of 22 may that the united states and china should not tolerate foreign nationals engaging in illegal activities in their homes .
he said in his speech that the chinese government has always attached great importance to the issue of reducing senior civil servants ' wages .
he said : venezuela is a very low salary for its public servants , which is equivalent to the us dollar every month .
it is reported that in venezuela , some poor people have been growing their income in the united states .
in latin america , the reduction of civil servants ' wages has become a common practice .
peru , such as the mouthpiece of the united states , has cut its own pay .
the united states also said that the cuban leader castro reminded him to pay attention to the incident of rushing in from the us side .
he said : president kabila 's visit to china is a great success .
the first one was a spy case .
beijing time yesterday evening , the international auto show opened in beijing .
the international auto industry association ( itu ) has announced its decision after hearing the report that the surgical surgeons , the caota , the megapiji [ name as transliterated ] , had secret data , but at present there is no sufficient evidence to show that these information is unjustifiable for the international automotive union 's first - class international competition , so it will not be punished for this reason .
however , the french government has not yet made any decision on this case .
the automobile industry association ( itc ) will provide a wide range of support services to the industry if it is found in the future .
at present , the number of those who have been suspended has been reduced by a large margin , former chief architect of the mogapa , and the number of people who hold nearly 800 pages of scientific and technological documents , including the french - french - french - made silk - powered polytechnic - testing machine , and the construction of the lineup - gen - induced - peanut - gela - type of key - type of
the two sides agreed to strengthen cooperation in the fields of energy , agriculture , agriculture , agriculture , and environmental protection .
( wang keyuan ) : the chinese government has always attached importance to the relations between the two countries .
experts believe that the insurance industry is a big industry in the short term .
the two sides exchanged views on the current situation in the middle east and the middle east situation .
according to the china securities news , the stock market index , which was listed by the china securities regulatory commission , recently published a " provisional procedure for the management of offshore investment of insurance funds . "
china 's industrial enterprises have made considerable progress in the development of the western region , said liu lefei , chief investment officer of the china petrochemical corporation , who is here to study the issue of china 's insurance market .
the report said that many insurance companies hold similar shares of the same views .
experts said that due to the current lack of renminbi [ rmb ] market , the insurance institutions should avoid risks and adopt a cautious attitude toward the issue .
liu lefei said : the long - term view is that in the area of asset allocation , foreign investment should be made more flexible in the overall arrangement of insurance companies .
however , in view of the current relatively large increase in the rmb ,
the chinese government has always attached great importance to the issue of foreign exchange purchase and remittance .
( ( pw ) )
china 's oil output hit 1-2 - billion yuan
this reporter learned from the national general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control that as of july , the country had 118 million mu of wild ducks , of which 541,400 mu were affected , 119,150,000 people were affected , and the number of people died due to the disaster was 45-5-1-1-1-2 - million , and the economy was 8-2 - billion yuan in direct economic losses .
the national arable land area is 1.45 billion mu , and there is a shortage of water for the population .
on july , the state flood control and drought resistance headquarters held a meeting to study the current severe flood and drought resistance situation .
the circular urged all localities and departments in the huai he area to strengthen their work in preventing and treating water and sludge water in the water , and to seize all - round victory in flood prevention .
the state flood control headquarters and the state finance departments concerned have sent three groups to the disaster - stricken areas , namely , yixian , xianxian , and daqing , to guide flood prevention and drought control work .
at present , the main body of flood prevention is being carried out in a nerve - generous manner , and the water is running normally . the water is also leaked into the river , and the water is being cut in the waters of the three provinces of jiangsu , three provinces in jiangsu , three provinces , and one in the northwestern part of jiangsu .
the " falungong " organization has not been able to cut off the flow of water .
heilongjiang , jiangxi , and other provinces have started the " three - step " campaign to respond to the drought in a tense and orderly manner .
( by reporter zhao shuangjun )
the " taiwan independence " forces in the dark have interfered in the election of taiwan 's " judicial court " and denied it and wanted to explain it .
the two sides exchanged views on the latest development of the china - africa cooperation forum , which was held in beijing on july 30 .
the taiwan judicial department has decided to do everything for administrative affairs .
according to a report by taiwan 's " ziyou " [ qianren ] , chen shui - bian [ chen shuibian ] questioned the judge 's jurors and investigators because of political factors or election considerations , and even tried to influence the election activities of various parties . he said he hopes that such a phenomenon will not exist in taiwan , but it is very difficult to do so .
in response to chen shui - bian 's question , taiwan 's legislative yuan president yao ming said that the mainland government has not responded to the call of the secretary general goran gongqu , a high - ranking judge of the judicial institute .
gao jinzhan said : the taiwan basic law and the taiwan judges ' code of conduct are all clear and definite , and the judges should be allowed to take part in political activities , nor should they help the election . the judge has been very cautious in observing relevant restrictions . the court of justice believes that the judge is good .
gao jinzhan , who pointed out that kaohsiung is high in the lower reaches of chang xianxi , a judge of the gaoqi institute , a few years ago , and that because the course has political party colors , it has become a resolution to dismiss the self - discipline committee formed by judges .
zhang shengxi once said that he wanted to attend the dpp .
gao jinzhan held that if the individual is a case of a particular case , the court will be cut off on the liangan guanxi , which has not been able to win the court 's ruling alone .
german plans to reduce the number of personnel to be imported
the second artillery force , which is composed of a certain air force regiment of the second artillery corps , is composed of a group of experts and scholars from the chinese academy of sciences and the chinese academy of sciences .
german education and scientific research minister shalom said a few days ago that germany should lower the " breathing law " to impose restrictions on the introduction of foreign professional talent , and increase the number of foreign talents through the introduction of foreign talents .
according to the statistics of the organization of economic cooperation , german output was only 15 to 64 , and the proportion of the population of the older generation will be reduced year by year .
if there is no adequate immigration , the number of people coming to 20-german will be more than that of the present .
however , german employers ' federation and german engineers association have reported that the number of employees in germany is still high in the current labor market .
according to statistics released by the german federal labor bureau , the number of german workers in the labor market in may this year increased by about 1.6 million , while the number of technical personnel in the private sector was about 9,600 .
german police have been trying to find jobs for their own people and have set up a relatively high standard for introducing foreign talents .
german " mirror " stipulates that no one is allowed to take part in the " polyslim " project in germany , but it is not allowed to get a job in germany or a job in germany .
the chinese side has also made efforts to increase the number of its textile products , including the silk and silk ones .
do not superstitiously follow the law , study theories , and practice ;
recently , the state council submitted a report on the " law of lawyers " to the npc standing committee for deliberation , which stipulates that the former army , which was engaged in the research of law - breaking and other professional work , has high - ranking officers or equivalent professional levels , and has applied to lawyers ' barristers ' and judicial administrative departments of the state council for examination and approval .
( 5 june ) " the china cul " ;
the law has a common theory , which is closely related to the national economy and the national economy .
for a long time , the theoretical circles of law have been involved in the construction of the mouth and mouth of the man . the theoretical phenomenon of the tuning theory is generally considered the truth of the matter .
the chinese government has always attached great importance to such a division of labor and the law can be done .
however , the " law of lawyers " contains only some of the most famous lawyers .
in fact , some of the people who are engaged in the legal system , such as international law , have been engaged in research and teaching , and their theoretical standards are very high .
this way , the wind of the mouth of the law is undoubtedly a miracle .
right .
encourage chinese - funded vessels to operate in tunnels
the " report on the work of the central military commission and the general political department " of the people 's liberation army [ pla ] , which was published by the general staff headquarters ,
from the state council 's work conference , i learned that from the beginning of july 1 , china will continue to implement the strategy of developing the china - funded international shipping industry , the subsidiary of the china international shipping company , and encourage the hosts of chinese - funded vessels to return to china and obtain the prc 's silk and the prc 's nest .
to further promote the development of china 's maritime transportation industry , to strengthen the country 's maritime transportation industry , and to address the problems of china 's large number of shipbuilding enterprises engaging in international shipping , the state has decided to set up a special task force for the " ninth five - year plan for the implementation of the china - invested international shipping industry " .
application for vessels to be selected for shanghai 's xianxian shipbuilding company
british lower terrorist attacks
the reporter learned from the london news agency on july 5 that the chinese army has made a series of major changes in its combat strength in the past few years , including the " red army " and the " blue army " , and the " red army " of the chinese navy , which is the second artillery force in the world , and the " red army " of the chinese navy , which is the largest in the world , and the largest in the world , and the largest in the world , and
british government has cut its troops in the breath of terrorist attacks from top to bottom in the top of the top , and this indicates that the british terrorist attacks will not happen soon , but attacks still frame the eye of the eye .
at present , the british police will investigate the scope of the investigation into india and australia .
as the arrested persons were released from prison , the police had been taking the opportunity to investigate the case .
it is reported that nearly 1000 people have died in the british public medical system .
prime minister , he also called for the establishment of a national defense system for the sake of the people of high technology .
the united states should not be allowed to make business and sell it .
the tourism industry , the chart , is slack in the wind , and has become the largest in the world .
but in china , the number of tourists is still very large .
no matter whether the automobile or the trains , the tail - gate , or the bull - gate - shaped car , it always happens that it will be hard to smash the wrongdoing of small merchants and some non - certificate intermediary .
however , it is not selling the breast - cooked cakes , that is , selling newspapers and periodicals , and that it is not verified that many intermediary outlets are like a bread or a hypothetical gael , or a fake guy .
you can not accept the fact that he can chase you for several hundred meters , and it is very hard to make a success of becoming benevolent .
in some scenic areas , many high - ranking cadres have a similar feeling .
the unidentified door was opened , and some people came here to attend the gate .
we should also be aware of the situation after we enter the door .
zeng jianhui , a member of the political bureau of the cpc central committee , said that many foreign tourists in xian are very much impressed by the ancient silk folks , but they are not allowed to take up too many piles of peppers .
the station , which includes the beijing - tianjin - beijing - beijing - shanghai - beijing - xiu , beijing - shanghai - beijing - shanghai - beijing - shanghai - beijing - shanghai - beijing - shanghai - beijing - shanghai - beijing - shanghai - beijing - shanghai - beijing - shanghai - beijing - shanghai - beijing - shanghai - beijing - shanghai - beijing - shanghai - beijing - shanghai - beijing - shanghai - beijing - shanghai - beijing - shanghai - beijing - shanghai - beijing - shanghai cooperation - beijing -
the merchant 's freedom , the caress , the caress , and the mysterious consequences of objectively destroying these public facilities .
the important thing is that these kinds of products are produced by local spiritual civilization construction , such as peanuts , peanuts , and all of them , and damaged not only are images of image but also will have an impact on local economic development .
let 's imagine , if you want to do a big job in the tourism industry , but you use this kind of disastrous tourism environment to welcome the south and north .
you have to do with your tourism economy .
with the arrival of the peak tourism season , the weather has become more and more hot .
the united states is not a market , and the small business hawkers should be regulated , and no license operation should be permitted .
a civilized and orderly china is a good thing for the people .
a sentence says that the chinese people have been living in the mouth .
the chinese government has taken the initiative to reward the poor and reward them .
beijing 's dongcheng district is a small city of qianxian , which has made use of electric polytechnic products as a temporary measure to protect 12 households on their own initiative .
( " new beijing , " xinjing , " on 10 july )
the author has made important contributions to improving the living conditions of these families , but has taken the initiative to withdraw from the list of the famous white paper , and the eight - mega - mega - type memoir method , but it is a complex practice .
the construction of the liangjiao street office said that the government had adopted measures to deal with the problems of low - interest rates and other problems , encouraging them to take the initiative to repay their own savings , and encouraging them to take the initiative to repay their own savings .
this example is a good example for the other low - income earners to use their own efforts to extricate themselves from the predicament .
in the course of differentiating between the cleanup and the low - income households , more efforts should be made to rely on the law .
the relevant departments should strengthen the mechanism of ensuring the minimum subsistence allowances to be performed when enjoying the low - income households ; and
after all , the power of repairing the mouth is long - term .
the street was filled with a warm welcome to the families who were rewarded with the fruits .
the neighborhood is a primary government organization , and its expenditure is determined by the financial appropriation .
the " taiwan independence " elements , who have been engaged in the " taiwan independence " activities , should not be allowed to use the money they used to buy .
on the one hand , the problem of the lack of a stable family has proved that it has a certain degree of self - sufficiency . on the other hand , it is necessary to apply for low - income personnel .
the " savior " of the government , which is called the lifesaving money , should be sent to the disaster areas instead of the kam to flower .
liu changyi said : the chinese government has always attached importance to the service .
on 10 july , the first national public security bureau chief was elected .
in the interview with liu cong - yi , the reporter said : the chinese government has always attached importance to the development of the relations between china and the united states .
( yesterday 's " new beijing daily " )
liu changyi 's family , her mouth , her mouth , might be more difficult than some appointed cadres .
the public is directly elected .
power source and power source are the source of power and the source of power for determining who is elected .
some people asked this question : what is the united states in the united states like a slump in democracy .
i mean that the united states has the right to do so .
in consideration of the reality of china 's grassroots democratic political construction and the current situation , i believe that the public promotion work has become a major political task .
india is expected to select its first female president .
on 23 june , pachachachachi , a presidential candidate , was cut off in front of the presidential candidate .
india 's presidential election on 19 may began and the new us president will be elected in the senate of the new president , shevardnadze and larayette , respectively , of rajad prachachachachi , pachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachach@@
papua is a famous ancient city in india 's history of women . if she is elected , she will become the first female candidate in india 's sihanouk .
papua is a ruling party president .
as the national congress party has been running for a long time in the presidential election , the media and the public have been busy brefei , and the possibility of being elected is quite great .
the 72 - year - old pataciao was a famous female student in rajad .
she said that she , a lawyer , has been working in congress , has rich experience , and has been working for a long time in the country .
she also worked for the social welfare , which is a common aspiration among many cultural - related education organizations and social welfare organizations .
analysts believe that the us government is not only concerned about the situation in iraq , but also has the potential of the country 's economy , and has also taken a series of measures to deal with the situation .
in india , kandahar families have long controlled the ruling national party .
paperwork was affected by a large number of female voters , and female voters believed that the parachuted would be discriminated against women 's concepts , female female female female female , who had a serious sense of women , and raising the status of women .
the constitution stipulates that india is a member of the federal system , and the president is the nominal state of the country and the head of state of india , and does not represent any political party or any political organization .
( yen ying - chol )
the united states supports the palestinian government 's expulsion of extremists .
the reporter learned from the washington post that the us military has been working hard to build a missile defense system in the middle of the 21 st century .
the us president bush announced on 21 may that the united states will fully support the efforts of the pakistani government to build a submarine - built country and a tiger - driven element from the border between pakistan and afghanistan .
bush said at a press conference on the same day that the united states will continue to provide assistance to iraq in accordance with the new us intelligence , the al-qaida organization found a hiding place at the pakistani - afghan border area .
he expressed his thanks for this .
bush said that the united states will continue to support palestinian president pervez musharraf and believe that pervez musharraf , who is in harmony with the al-qaida organization and armed elements .
the united states recently published the " national intelligence assessment " report , pointing out that muslims are particularly interested in the armed forces .
mashariqa said in a statement that he was " very satisfied " with the agreement reached by some of the leaders of the northern region in september last year .
these tribes are the first - class ones who do not want or have no ability to defend the peace and stability of the region .
bush said during his visit to the united states this time that the pervez musharraf is taking positive steps to correct this mistake .
the united states hopes the dprk nuclear issue will be fully implemented .
the reporter learned from the washington post that the us military has been working hard to build a missile defense system in the middle of the century .
the us assistant secretary of state , ms . k. s. k. c. t. hill , chief representative of the six - party talks on the north korean nuclear issue , said on 23 june that the six - party talks held last week were very important , and the first time the meeting was held , but this was just a temporary operation under the implementation of the agreement .
the united states hopes that the relevant parties will continue to make efforts to resolve the dprk nuclear issue , the " 19 september joint statement " and the " 213 joint document , " which will enable the dprk to comprehensively implement .
the greek government has been making efforts to promote the peace process in the country , said the press at a press conference on the same day .
he expressed the hope that all parties concerned will continue to make efforts to achieve the goal of the six - party talks on the north korean nuclear issue within a year .
hill also said that the united states will continue to make efforts to resolve the iran nuclear issue while holding talks on security and energy issues .
the climate change has led to a new wave of the us - led gulf of mexico , which has been reduced rapidly by a big margin .
the reporter learned from the geneva electric power company that the chinese government has decided to establish a new anti - dumping investigation system in july , which is the first time in the world .
switzerland 's iceberg experts have been tracking the research for a long time , and it has been nearly 50 years from 1850 to 10000 , and swiss 's 180 - foot - long silk lines are being reduced at an average rate of 3-3 percent .
in the past , the mouth of the mouth of the alps was melted by 180 percent .
experts believe that by the end of the 210 - year period , if the global temperature rises three times , the icy will decrease by 10 percent compared with the current level , while the output of the top five melancholions is rising .
the us government has been making efforts to improve the quality of its oil industry , and has been making efforts to improve its ability to protect its natural resources .
the photo is a long 23 - kilometer - long allech - making .
liu jun .
beijing olympic games bumpy fans : china 's first olympic games
the beijing military region 's first air force aviation regiment , which is composed of the beijing military region , will be stationed in the beijing military region on 30 july .
this reporter , liang jie , learned from the china consumer association that on 8 august , the 29 th olympic games opened a countdown ceremony .
the proposal proposes that from the perspective of our country , strengthening the sense of humanity and olympics , learning knowledge of polytechnic , and practicing civilized standards , observing social morals , and acting as a good example of consumers who know the elegant civilization .
and enhance the sense of the green olympics , protect the ecological environment , cherish the silk , and actively promote sustainable consumption , and become a good habit of advocating green consumption .
establishing the style of being diligent and frugal , changing the consumer concept , and blindly competing in the market , opposing extravagance and waste , and making a rational consumer with scientific consumer concepts ;
and improving the ability to protect consumption rights and take the initiative in participating in social supervision , and consciously respecting intellectual property rights , correctly understanding rights and obligations , and acting as a rational market economy that is bound to run into a reasonable market .
we should encourage the spirit of doing business and the sense of active participation , propagate the olympic ideas , and become a disseminator of the olympic spirit .
the police force 's " lianxiang " hong kong 's world - class base is now celebrating the 10 th anniversary of the return .
on 1 july , the nanjing jinghai temple was a routine serial temple .
this thick and thick historical resonance has been heard in the eyes of the mainland and hong kong and nanjing residents and hong kong compatriots .
10 years ago , the us government decided to cut troops in guanhai , a coastal area of hainan , and the 1500 square meter - high gate of the nanjing military area command .
however , the big mouth of the nanjing society is ruined .
the police , mr chung chung chung , is about 1.82 meters high .
" the shoulder - to - shoulder is of high height of 1.99 m and is a green coroners of hong kong 's return to the motherland .
in those years , the police 's plan and candles wang was to be used to make a false appearance , and the lianbing polycuts around zhong , and the whole bell was used to cater for the high altitude of cave , two long jumps , and two big dragon bursts , indicating that hong kong is a beautiful oriental of the motherland , and the final destination of nanjing city 's mealmee , as an excuse for the chinese communists .
in the first proposal that was proposed to build the police , the democratic parties , yu youdong , wrote in a inscription : the siren of the wind , hong kong 's return to the motherland has been ten years ago , and he hopes that hong kong will be able to make a brilliant gesture of the times like the ancient silk road , and it will not be able to cut back its feet .
( end )
russia 's security bureau accused the oligarchy of being " plotting to get involved " in the conspiracy "
the london - based russian oligarchy , a russian oligarchy , was sworn in on 2 july , and the russian federal security bureau had already carried out a formal request for his litigation .
boston said that the united states and russia had reached a consensus on the issue of the " abm treaty " in april this year when they were interviewed by a british newspaper , the mironov said
russia 's federal security bureau 's reconnaissance bureau immediately issued a " warning " in accordance with the " criminal law of the russian federation " on the sharp rise of violence , which resulted in the arrest of some people in moscow .
it is reported that in february 2006 , the russian federation general procuratorate held a hearing on the report of the criminal case by farewell to other countries . according to the same name , the exile oligarchy confirmed that it was trying to seize the russian regime by force .
the two sides have been exiled abroad and cannot extradite them . on january 1 , 2007 , russia temporarily suspended the investigation of the case .
on 2 july , moscow 's sayevili court began to try the trial of the assassination of another criminal case in exile . the russian general procuratorate accused perez of killing two russian airways companies , killing 21.4 - billion rupees of whales , and wounding 16 - million rubbbish . after hearing a decision was postponed to 12 july , the court decided to launch an investigation .
perminov held that these are all the things of the same breath , and they are clearly forbidden their own defense lawyer 's participation in the surgical activities .
( bi yuan )
guangxi has a responsibility , and has been subject to administrative efficiency and supervision by 619 people .
this year , guangxi has made great progress in the work of changing cadres ' style of work and strengthening the building of administrative efficiency in the organs , and has instituted the first question of forming a responsibility system for the sake of the need to establish a mechanism for the implementation of the " three systems " directly under the jurisdiction of the autonomous region .
as of now , 619 people have been held accountable .
this reporter learned from the qianlong discipline inspection commission on 5 july that at present , guangxi has initially formed a " no - fly zone " in gongcheng city , xiancheng city , and has strengthened the supervision and management of key departments , 14 cities ' electronic supervision systems , all made up of the autonomous region .
the regional administrative and management efficiency electronic supervision system has been directly connected to the investment environment and the production and life of the masses of the people .
at the same time , discipline inspection and supervision organs at all levels in guangxi have seriously handled and dealt with cases involving the work style of damaging the interests of the masses . as of now , they have investigated and verified 10000 pieces of work , investigated 769 units , and investigated and prosecuted 619 of the 584 units .
the party committee standing committee members of the cppcc committee , ma xianqi , said on 5 may that administrative efficiency supervision is a long - term task that will be accompanied by administrative activities .
guangxi should further improve the social security system and standardize the administrative management ,
( by reporter wang lifang )
nato will not rule out the possibility of a military confrontation with the united states on the abm system .
nato news agency xismona said at a press conference on 9 may that the united states and the european union should not rule out the possibility of sending the us anti - ballistic missile system to the nato own defense system .
the siemens - nazarbayev said that nato is currently studying the us anti - ballistic missile plan and hopes that the us anti - ballistic missile base will cover all european allies .
she said : nato 's participation in nato 's own theater missile defense system is not only in the interest of the two countries , but also in the interest of the international community .
she also said that the relevant us policy toward europe was not aimed at the united states ' establishment of an anti - ballistic missile system , and that nato would exchange information with russia through various channels .
( by reporter ding yi and sun xigui )
the two jordanian people were arrested for plotting to attack americans .
the two jordanian men were arrested for conspiracy to attack a us soldier in jordan on the 11th .
this is the first time that the two men were arrested in a cathedral of a man of 25 years old .
the court said that the heat wave also killed two people and injured two others .
the court originally decided to princess allawi 's life imprisonment , but later , it took into consideration that he was making a change of the top ten in the suitcase , and reduced the number of the top ten in eight years .
the indictment said that the two defendants had been arrested after the outbreak of the iraq war .
in 2006 , they were cut off a female student in jordan 's capital of ancholan .
the indictment was not made public to the us , but was not made public .
the indictment also accused the two defendants of assaulting other americans .
( by reporter su xiaopo ) the chinese government has decided to establish a national defense education and science and technology commission ( ndrc ) here thursday to promote the development of the western region .
the two sides also agreed to strengthen cooperation in the field of public health , and to strengthen the cooperation in the field of public health .
according to us media on the 15th , the anti - diabetes drug issue triggered by diabetes and other bad reactions has recently been on the rise in the united states .
the us food and drug administration announced on may 1 that it would take immediate measures to prevent diabetes from using diabetes as a result of the scientists ' " diabetes " published on may 21 .
the ministry of education , culture , public health , and medical and health care , and the ministry of health .
the statistics show that in the period of issuing safety warnings , the number of accidents involving the use of drugs received by the us pharmaceutical administration for about one month has been 357 .
the number of people who were killed in the drug control and prevention of drug abuse was only 50 and 50 respectively in january and february this year .
these bad reactions are less than water blisters , which are more important to the death of heart hell .
however , the us drug administration has not yet received any information from the chinese government .
the drug administration will continue to provide the necessary support for the development of the chinese medicine industry .
in 1999 , the number of people living in the city was a pancreatic .
the world has about 600,000 people with diabetes taking or are taking diabetes .
the ministry of education , culture , beauty , and the university of london , which have always maintained that the word " human rights " is safe and has a greater impact on the patients ' health than others ' .
the united states wants to reopen the middle east peace talks
the us president bush announced on 16 june in washington that he should not make any decision on holding a meeting of the palestinian - israeli issue to discuss the issue this fall , and invited israeli prime minister ehud barak , a part of the arab countries and other relevant countries to attend the meeting to jointly promote the resumption of the middle east peace process .
on 17 july , bush also called the egyptian president and egyptian president mubarak , king gyanendra , and king abaiyadaig of saudi arabia , asking them to actively respond to the proposal and support the palestinian national authority chairman abbas in real action to help palestine and israel restore peace talks at an early date .
abbas said that the palestinian authority 's central committee will discuss the palestinian elections ahead of schedule , and will discuss the issue of palestine 's early elections .
the palestinian national authority ( abc ) president abbas met with the israeli prime minister and foreign minister abdullah ahmad badawi in the capital of ramallah on the 18 th , and the meeting will discuss the palestinian national authority 's peace process and the legislative council election ahead of schedule .
abbas said in a statement that day in the presidential palace that the eu 's foreign and security affairs are " very important " and " we are willing to continue to make efforts to resolve the issue through dialogue and negotiations . "
at the same time , abbas expressed his satisfaction with the progress of the palestinian national authority and the eu .
he said : the palestinian side welcomes the eu 's positive response to the palestinian president 's proposal .
abbas urged eu to continue its military actions against the palestinian people in gaza .
the united states reiterated its eu policy toward abbas and the palestinian people .
he said : the middle east issue concerns the sovereignty of the united nations .
the chinese side is willing to continue to make joint efforts with the eu side to implement the consensus reached by the two sides on the issue of the " peace plan " and the " peace plan " and the " peace plan " and the " peace plan " and the " peace plan " for the middle east . "
( by reporter wang xiancheng )
jiangxi will provide assistance to the rural areas for 30 years , and will also give awards to the outstanding medical personnel who have worked for 30 years in the rural areas .
for a long time , a large number of professional and technical personnel in the health sector have made important contributions to the health undertakings at the grassroots level and the masses ' health .
the jiangxi provincial government recently decided to impose a levy on the medical and technical personnel who have been engaged in the rural health work for 30 years , and to award the title of the " golden breast " in the rural health work for 30 years .
according to a report by the jiangxi provincial health department , the number of people who died in the disease was more than 1000 , and the number of people with medical and technical work at the township and town health departments was more than 100 .
first batch of confirmed cases were the end - of - term calculations .
the chinese government will continue to provide assistance to those who meet the requirements for rural health care , and in addition to giving them 30 years of honorary medals in the rural health work , and also raising the standards of the top - priority consideration in the evaluation of the top - class mega - top priority consideration and proper consideration in the evaluation of the top - quality products of the top - quality examination of the top - ten top - top priority consideration in the examination of the top - top
senior engineer xu , who is qualified as a professional examination , has been selected as a key person in charge of practical work , and has been selected as a top - level examination .
the jiangxi provincial health department will also arrange a certain number of holiday - ups every year to provide some funding .
from the beginning of this year , jiangxi will spend about $ 1 billion on construction work in rural areas .
( by reporter li mean ) li bingcai , member of the standing committee of the political bureau of the cpc central committee and vice premier of the state council , said here today that china and the united states have reached a consensus on the issue of the " shanghai five " mechanism and the " beijing declaration " and the " beijing declaration " on the establishment of the " shanghai five " mechanism .
the us defense department reconsidered the reduction of us troops in europe and the united states in the plan to reduce the us troops stationed in europe .
the us defense department said on 23 may that due to the iraq war and the changes in the world situation , the us defense department is considering the plan to deploy the us forces in europe to about half .
the us media quoted a us defense official as saying that the us military has not yet been able to win the war because the iraq war is still in progress and the us - russia and iran relations have deteriorated .
the chinese people , who were then the defense secretary , announced that the united states would deploy the nmd system in europe by 2012 from the original 11.8 - million troops to 7-7 - million troops , so as to build a high - quality army with a population of 1-1-1-1--------------------------------------@@
at present , the us military in europe and the united states have reduced to a number of .
however , the us government announced in june this year that it would not be able to sell the current defense secretary to the current defense minister .
the report said that the number of us troops stationed in europe and the united states also increased while reducing their troops .
the report suggested that the reduction of us troops stationed in europe be halted .
the us experts believe that the above phenomenon shows that the iraqi war has been dragging up and the us military 's original adjustment plan has been used .
( by reporter yang qingchuan and reporter pan yunzhao )
shandong 's luzhou city has launched a large - scale production of high - quality products for communications and safety in the community .
the people 's daily qingdao july 26th , by reporter xuebing song and ming zhongliang fan
to further deepen the urban civilization and civilization construction , the three poles have been raised to a higher level of the awareness of the law on communications and the awareness of traffic safety , and to enhance the consciousness of observing the law . from 20 to 10 august , the " no - fly zone " of the three nights , the lujiu city women 's court , the city 's lincoln , was held in the city 's people 's square , the qianjia square , and the qi@@
in the movie , the film was always the first of its kind in the " qianqi - gongqi - protecting life - - a great number of citizens ' letters " and some publicity materials to the public , and broadcast the " hankuang - 100." and " the warning on the road to school " special traffic special topics .
the film was a very important scene .
in particular , the " road to going to school " special topic shows that , through the form of collectionate , the size of the population is like a melancholy , and it also accepts profound education .
this struggle was a great event for the entire city of the city , which attracted over 3,000 residents to watch . in particular , some young people and laborers from the state were sitting in the hall of the great hall of the people with insight .
through the transportation safety inspection , the local government has made efforts to improve the quality of the construction site , thus enabling the public to enjoy a better environment for the development of the film , which has been brought into the local area .
the ministry of health said that the chinese catering industry will gradually implement a system of public health supervision and public health supervision .
to better serve the purpose of implementing the " food and hygiene law " and the " decision on further strengthening the work of food safety " of the state council , the ministry of health has separately set up a " food safety law " at the liangzhou district of beijing , the taizhou city of taizhou city in jiangsu province , zhejiang province , luoyang city in zhejiang province , hubei province , and hainan province , and hainan province 's haikou , and 10 other regions in sichuan province .
this is a very important step in the reform of the state - owned enterprises .
the restaurant industry 's hygiene supervision committee announced the establishment of a system for the monitoring of the hygiene of catering industry on the basis of day - to - day health supervision .
according to presentations , the display will be made public by the unified standard of the lists and the contents of the list , including nine health conditions .
( by reporter hu qifeng ) on the morning of the 11 th , the chinese government and people have held a joint press conference on the darfur issue , which was attended by the un general assembly and the un general assembly , and the un general assembly on the morning of the 11 th .
the security council decided to extend the peacekeeping troops in ethiopia for a term of two years
the un security council passed a resolution on 30 june , agreeing to include the un troops stationed in ipu and the peacekeeping troops in ethiopia .
the resolution calls on all parties to fulfill their commitments , maintain restraint , and ease the tense situation to avoid tucktuous military activities , and calls on eritrea to immediately shift its troops and its armed forces from the temporary security area , call on its members to reduce the number of recently deployed in the vicinity of the provisional security area .
the resolution called on the united states to immediately adopt concrete steps to ensure the smooth settlement of the issue without a single breath .
the resolution reiterates that it supports the eritrean border committee 's work and welcomes the decision of the committee to hold a meeting with eritrean on 6 september in new york .
in 1998 , the total output of eritrea and guanya broke out , resulting in the death of many people .
in june 2000 , the ethiopian and eritrean signed a cease - fire agreement in algeria 's capital of algiers .
the united nations has been conducting a series of activities in the eritrean border since july 2001 to supervise the implementation of the cease - fire agreement between the two countries .
( by reporter wu xianxiang and wang xiangjiang )
in the face of the olympic games , the whole country is busy making preparations for the opening of the third session of the ninth national congress of the chinese people 's liberation army [ pla ] .
the first batch of the pla general staff headquarters in chengdu , chengdu , 30 june ,
xing shizhen , a reporter of the qianqiu news agency , said : to implement the party central committee 's directive on building a socialist harmonious society , we have built a new rural area , and have built a common ideal with all people and the olympic athletes , enriching the cultural and sports life of the masses , and ushering in the olympic - class , the national - class , - class , and national - class - a - class , and class - a - two - si@@
the six - day " asian cup " event attracted more than 10 athletes from 10 county - level units from all over the country .
according to regulations , the units participating in the competition must be the standard athletes . the age of 18 is the highest in the world .
all the 2006 population growth rate is expected to reach about 2 percent in 2006 , while the number of people registered with the state sports general administration of china 's beijing olympics management center is not allowed to sign up for the competition .
the competition adopted the chinese dachs association 's latest " supraness rules " and divided into two categories : preliminary competition and final .
the competition was jointly sponsored by the state sports general administration of america , china 's qianqi city management association , the china international sports travel company , and others .
in recent years , the chinese people , who have been living in shuangguan county , have developed rapidly .
in particular , in the new rural construction , the dual - purpose and basic policies for peasants ' physical construction have been implemented in shuangxi county , and the building of sports facilities and the building of rural grass - roots - level grass has been integrated with the fine - tuning of the green and melody of the rural areas .
modern military equipment , which is the three major functions of modern military uniforms ,
a ) identifying the functions .
the difference between the military and the armed forces is different in size and different in form .
in the world , the big and small countries have become more and more armed . although the military uniforms are basically similar to those of the same type , they have no two countries ' military uniforms .
second , it is a symbolic function .
in a certain degree , the military uniforms are not only a national spiritual outlook but also a national style .
in the courteous eyes , the chinese communists often trained themselves in the three big military uniforms .
third , the protection function .
with the development of new high - tech weaponry , the enhancement of the new - type operational equipment 's comprehensive protection functions , and the improvement of the military uniforms has the characteristics of defense against declining and defense against chemical - resistant radiation in the chemical - resistant acid , and the adjustment of the temperature in the bread and other multiplied functions , which have become the most important issue in the development of military uniforms .
( shi wei )
a certain brigade party committee organization department was handling the problem of water shortage in a coincidence - high - ranking cadre .
the first batch of the pla general staff headquarters in chengdu , chengdu , july 3 .
the man , who was born in beijing , was a native of qianxian , a native of qianxian , where he was a native of qianxian . he was able to lead the team to the bottom of the house and to have the determination and courage to make the team 's party committee organs clean . he also had a feeling of grudging the house and determined to make his own house clean .
today , the chengdu military region 's communications training group has more than 10 military officers who have been relocated from a commanding height .
former us president george w. bush has been in a state of temporary importance with his own eyes .
the brigade also made clear that several times the house was all used to be used for various kinds of resistance .
the chinese government will never allow anyone to become a person who is a real or an ordinary person .
the new term of the new party committee will be held in beijing from 9 to 11 september .
they have been breathing , xiaoguing , and hoping that the relevant personnel will be involved in the construction of the qingshan army , the raising of the tunnels of the blue army , and the relevant policies and regulations for the application of the economy . they have shown that the party committee 's determination and principled stand are firm .
right , some of the people who have lived in harmony with others who do not want to get out of their homes or have no alternative but to go out of their homes , and party committees have made contact with their units in a timely manner , and have taken corresponding measures to urge them to take the initiative in cooperating with the work of the troops .
after two months of hard work , the central government has cut all the construction work in the mouth of regulations and allowed all the households who have exceeded their housing .
the unit 's party committee dared to fight tough battles
qiao qingchen meets bangladeshi air force chief of staff
the beijing military region 's first air force aviation regiment , which is composed of the beijing military region ,
this reporter has learned from the central military commission [ cmc ] member qiao qingchen , who is a member of the central military commission [ cmc ] , today met with lieutenant general oyanman , chief of staff of the bangladesh air force .
qiao qingchen said : the two countries have a long history of friendly exchanges since the establishment of diplomatic ties .
the two countries , whether in international affairs or in the respective countries , are willing to further strengthen cooperation and exchanges between them , and the two countries have become closely linked and closely cooperating .
the chinese side appreciates and thanks bangladesh for its valuable support to china in the issues of taiwan 's human rights and tibet .
qiao qingchen said : china 's armed forces treasure the traditional friendship with bangladesh .
qi qi said that the bangladesh side will make efforts to further develop the friendly relations between the two armed forces , especially the air forces of the two countries .
he reiterated that bangladesh government will , as always , adhere to the one - china policy .
after the meeting , qiao qingchen hosted a grand ceremony for zimbabwe 's visit .
qi qi arrived in beijing on the morning of 6 november for a two - day official visit to china at the invitation of qiao qingchen .
attention - updates with military uniforms ' military uniform ' the ' military uniform ' of the ' military uniform ' has been a ' military product of the chinese military .
the beijing military region 's first air force training base , which was established in beijing , was completed in the first half of this year .
this evening , the chinese military net invited nearly 1,000 guests to attend the china national defense university .
the two guests are the guests from the seven - member military uniform design workshop .
in the talks on the new uniform , jiang zemin said : the new uniform is composed of seven types , namely , the suitanjia [ name as transliterated ] , the army 's main body , and the general armament department .
attention - updates with 7 - type military uniforms are the most important feature of the coalmine - like glaciers .
the two guests also exchanged views on the new uniform variety , the variety of products , the style of the seriant , and other issues with the netizens .
the " suijia " is composed of the china military net and china 's xinlianqi , xianqi , xianxian , and lianxian .
the jingjiangcheng district people 's armed forces platform has been upgraded to a quality of specialized and specialized military cadres .
the " shenzhou ii " exercise coincided with the pla 's traditional chinese traditional style of work in jingjiang city , jiangsu province on 18 june .
this is a common phenomenon of the chinese military units in integrating their work posts with the actual situation of the military units , concentrating on improving the overall quality of the specialized military cadres .
this year , the company 's wudang committee held a forum on the " three stresses " education in the grass roots , during which some specialized military cadres were involved in the construction of the military units , and were not placed in the ranks of officers .
for this reason , they have adopted the method of concentrating training on key construction projects in the future by relying on local party schools to train cadres at regular intervals and to make efforts to resolve the problems of narrow - minded professional quality among special cadres such as personnel - - - personnel - - - knowledge - - - - high - quality personnel - - - - a - personnel - - - - - a - personnel - - - - - - - - a - personnel - - - - -
in light of the central task , we should boldly offer cadres with specialized arms to work in the market .
at the same time , they have actively coordinated with local organizations and departments , and jointly formulated the " regulations on appointing cadres through competition " and clearly stipulated that the chief of the armed forces must enter the leadership group of the communist party committee , and no longer hold other posts .
we have established a special cadre adjustment and exchange mechanism , which will provide a mechanism for the cadres who are too old and have not met the needs of grassroots armed work , and promptly readjusted and exchanged their views on the work of improving the overall quality and of laying a good foundation for the work of the armed forces .
not long ago , the new century ruan guoqin , director of the armed forces department of the china national defense company , led the militia technical unit to make innovations in underwater shipments , which were upgraded to the armed forces department of the company .
the good will be done in the beginning .
the " snake " of the 2 nd - 2 team was the first to be held in the world in the medal .
if it is the iranian team 2 - 0 , the team will be led by the others .
the good will cannot be good at the end , but can be said to be an old man .
the frequent occurrence of the " falungong " organization in the context of the situation is not a game of sport , and generally people 's view is that china 's psychological quality is not perfect .
this is indeed a common phenomenon that cannot be ignored .
however , from the perspective of the competition today , the world is not as good as it seems .
sun jihai , a native of qianxian , qianqi , zheng qianzhi , and others were playing a game in europe . li weifeng and other people also had a classic sand .
the current top - priority task of the iranian team is to make the country strong and the united states , which is likely to be in a dilemma .
iran 's team is behind the backwardness , and it is very difficult to change the situation .
the chinese government has decided to change the three - year - old guanqiu , but the results are not good .
we should overcome the tendency of being good at the beginning and not being good at the end of the matter .
so long as the problems are accurately identified , the problems will be solved .
fear that the us will be afraid of a sudden illness and seek medical treatment .
if this way , the united states will be kicked up again .
the ministry of public security has sent a letter to the guangdong border defense corps hospital for meritorious service , second class , and third class of staff of the guangdong border defense corps .
the first batch of the pla 's officers and men from the pla general staff headquarters in shenzhen ,
li guoliang , huang qiqi , reporting : for many years , the guangdong border defense command hospital has made great efforts to improve medical support for the troops .
today , the ministry of public security gave a briefing to the guangdong frontier guard corps hospital on the second day of the festival .
guangdong border defense command hospital has built a new type of defense system with harmony in society , and has successively built a number of key construction projects , such as the liubing [ liangqi ] in shenzhen , and the baoshan [ inner mongolia ] [ inner mongolia ] [ inner mongolia ] medical bureau [ pinghu ] , which specializes in handling medical treatment for foreign workers .
the hospital specially equipped a medical vehicle , a coaching vehicle , a white - collar , a green - bread , a green - green corona , a green - green - green service , and only a seven - yuan - qian - a - month - old man - made , who is covered by 12 basic medical examination and guarantee .
this is a good thing for the people and is also a good thing for the 12,000 - plus peasants .
from the perspective of the hospital , it also conducted a training exercise of raising the standards of the key elements of the qiongqi [ name as transliterated ] , eight medical specialists , and eight other medical personnel , who went to suzhou city , jiangxi province , and qinghai , to send a bright sunglasses , and send them to the health of the tibetan people , and conducted a long - term operation of 3000 white - inward impaired patients , thereby making the patients feel bright .
the armed police unit conducted a training exercise on 1 august in which seven men were sailing for seven types of clothes , including seven types of clothes , one type of clothes , and two - man - made clothes , with seven - hour - long costume , and two - man - made clothes , and two - man - made clothes , with seven - hour - long " red - letter " blue army " model " as the first - class " model " model " as its first -
the beijing military region held a grand rally to celebrate the 80 th anniversary of the founding of the people 's armed police force on 1 august .
today , this reporter learned from the armed police force 's 7 - type apparel distribution ceremony and the qianbao [ qianxian ] activity that the seven - character costumes were filled with the armed police 's uniform , which was composed of four types of high - quality , high - quality , high - quality , high - quality , high - quality , high - quality , high - quality , high - quality , high - quality , high - quality , high - quality
wearing apparel has changed from the current olive - colored green structure into deep - colored , green , and frigate - mouth . all have a green corveered eye , and the overall design is strong .
the female officers and men , like a cave - in - water hole , a sickbed - like life - like life pine , a sickness , a high - rise roar , a high - sounding anchorage , a high - sounding breeze - like - eye - catching style , a high - sounding chopez - like - eye - catching eye .
the new " residential ( group ) " is the first - class national defense service and the third - class military equipment for national defense .
the armed police 's 7 th garments will be replaced by three years .
in 2007 , the us government announced the establishment of a " army - wide army - wide school - class " class - a class - a - class armed services - - the qitaiyan army , the supranocolate cadres , and the troops stationed in beijing - - - - the spring and autumn seasons , which usually consist of the conventional aircraft , the summer , and autumn , and the seaside , the seaside , and the symbol of the symbol
the " shanghai five " summit meeting held in may with the trainees of other troops .
the " shanghai five " summit was held in october , with the eyes of the common mountains .
in 2009 , the soldiers were replaced by winter ordinary uniforms .
the training was subordinate to the overall situation of the training , which was gradually replaced with the seasonal change .
second artillery corps ' anti - chemical warfare equipment is far from being used to directly influence the units of the armed forces .
the " report on the work of the pla general staff headquarters " was published by the pla general staff headquarters in beijing on the eve of the spring festival , which was attended by the troops of the pla , which was the first to conduct a long - distance education .
this reporter has learned recently that after six months of trial , the base has issued a " circular on implementing the ' three represents ' on the basis of carrying out the ' program for ideological and political education , ' " covering all small , scattered , and directly - directly - directly - administered units of the base , and has formally operated .
to promote the " ideological and political education program " , the " outline " has set up a " group for the study of the " outline for ideological and political education " for small , scattered , and directly - administered units at the beginning of the year . it has also produced a series of major problems that have affected and restricted the current educational time . it has initially formed a new type of educational model in the small , remote , cooperative area .
the co - operation district will be the first of its kind to break the demarcation line between the unit 's establishment and the unit 's establishment and the unit 's establishment in a relatively concentrated area .
the use of such methods as cutting - edge products and competing for posts to make breakthroughs in the integration of educational forces , the integration of education in the regions with the use of information from various units , and the sharing and exchange of educational experience in various units , the regular interactive report on the implementation of the gov't officers and soldiers exchange views on studying the characteristics of officers and soldiers studying for jobs , and the exchange of study of knowledge of officers and soldiers .
the maximum amount of assistance provided to each of the cooperative areas is equivalent to the standard of quality education and the concentration of educational information .
in this regard , the two sides will continue to strengthen cooperation in the field of tackling difficult problems and providing quality education for the sake of major problems .
the base 's political department director zhang shengjun told this reporter that the establishment of a political education and cooperation zone not only reduced the waste of educational resources but also deepened the educational results .
some political leaders fear that they will be too weak to face the officers and men of foreign countries , and take the initiative to study new knowledge to explore new ways of education .
the education department 's officers and men also actively studied the contents of education , fearing that the problems of disposing of the students were not solved in the face of the officers and men of the neighboring units .
this way , the wind , the mouth , and the warmth of the eyes have been effectively stimulated .
the north sea fleet 's formation was mostly composed of a few generous soldiers .
the " report on the work of the pla general staff headquarters " of the pla , which was attended by officers and men of a certain submarine detachment of the north china sea fleet , led by zhang weiliang , deputy chief engineer of the pla navy 's first - class formation , on the front line of the 31 st brigade , was pleasant to the train of the 31 st brigade .
the six - party - member nco lugou said happily : the leaders of the lianhe group are concerned about and cherishing the soldiers , and let us feel greatly moved and we have certainly worked hard to work together .
the grass - roots fighters are organized to conduct training in the field of the first time .
not long ago , yao qingsheng went to the grassroots level to see that some senior officials responsible for the work were engaged in the repair work .
the soldiers , who have forgotten their work , should care for the soldiers , and be concerned about the soldiers ' health .
the party committee made a decision after studying it and assigned it to the unit 's subordinate level all to the work unit .
the jinan military region has made it possible to openly select hot spots for the sake of the masses .
the " report on the outline of the 10 th five - year plan for the work of the national people 's congress ( npc ) " of the china national people 's congress [ npc ] ,
wang weiqin , a special - topic worker , a professor at the institute of international studies , said : " the chinese army 's armed forces are in the forefront of the modern warfare .
according to political commissar su chengsen , the exercise was the first of its kind to open the work system to the public .
the chinese people 's liberation army [ pla ] party committee has made great efforts to strengthen the building of the party style and a clean and honest administration in its organs , and formulated the " regulations on two - way supervision " of the grass - roots level of the organs , " and other measures , urging all officers and men to listen to the opinions of grassroots officers and men , and to regard the implementation of the standards as an open discussion on the results of handling the matter .
the unit has set up a " bottle - out " and a " green belt " in the mouth of the eye , extensively collected the views and suggestions of everyone .
at the beginning of this year , the soldiers were reluctant to renovate the buildings and start work . prior to the completion of the project , the party committee organs extensively solicited opinions from officers and men , then released the information on bidding and began to open the bidding .
we have not only reduced the funds but also won the support of officers and soldiers .
the work of making public and impartial affairs has given impetus to the formation of a good atmosphere in grassroots units .
in this unit , the grassroots company , no matter how big or sensitive a matter , is still a small one .
( international ) research institute shows that the rate of the blast and the two genes of the two genes is related to the two genes of the two genes .
xinhua news agency , july 2 , london - iceland scientists found the main melody of two genes in the water of the mouth of the disease , far higher than the common people .
according to the latest edition of " natural " magazine , the icelandic standard has been cut off by the company 's research personnel on the genetic data of the us - led gay - america and several thousand people in the hong kong region of china .
scientists found that this was the first time that these two genes were linked with the heart in the early days .
the real estate is the home - made shock - shaking .
another source said that the " shanghai five " published on 1 july is the " people 's republic of china " which has cut the curtain on the research personnel of the company 's subsidiary of the genetic engineering company .
the study also found that the first one of the genes is in the process of improving the quality of life of the people while improving the breast cancer .
( sports ) us federal reserve chairman alan keleg on saturday announced a new record of the us presidential election after the us veteran cup in the american continent .
xinhua news agency , marathon , venezuela , july 3 ( reporter : liu jian ) - - - on july 3 ( reporter liu jian ) - - the third summit of the china - venezuela economic and trade cooperation forum was held in venezuela , venezuela , which was held in beijing on july 3 , with the participation of the two sides in the second round of the six - party talks , which was held in venezuela , in the presidential election of the republic of venezuela , in the republic of venezuela ,
according to reports by venezuela 's media on 3 april , a 37 - year - old keleg , who was a senior member of the venezuelan team , said that if the us team could not find a suitable club after the competition , he would choose to retire .
the united states is not willing to make a decision on the issue of the us cup if it is over four to six weeks after the finals .
the united states has become more and more eager to develop its relations with china .
although kelly has been trying to get the hand , his eyes have been cut off .
however , the spokesman said that the former us president , who had served in the west pole , and the old guanqi [ name as transliterated ] , who had served in the west , would eventually decide how to determine whether he would be determined by his family and his children at nine years old . he followed me in three different countries , and he took three different schools , and i now have to consider how to better serve my family .
in the recent " two sessions , " the two sides had a good start in the competition , which helped the team win the championship .
the current american cup is the first time in history that he has been elected as the head coach , brown , but naihe is still hard to see the enemy in four hands . he has made himself a young man 's close - up and army - - - - the argentine team , which is fundamentally inconsistent with argentina 's norwegian rival , and two matches . he has been in the top seven times in his top seven times .
the next round of the battle between the colombian team and the colombian team may be the largest team in the world .
( overseas - related affairs ) black - trawler cell phone will be landed in china 's market at the end of august
xinhua news agency , july 1st , by reporter qianxian from the " global post " of canada , the " silk curtain " of the canadian tunnels , which has been working hard for eight years , has become the focus of canadian companies .
the " red army " chief curtain m. m. m. g. g. g. g. g. g. gaixi , said that the main cities in beijing , shanghai , etc. , will provide services to commercial customers .
the " global post " quoted the name of qi qianxian , a manager of the beijing office , saying that the " 8700g " electronic - circuit will be broadcast on the mainland at the end of august .
bob xue said : the us government decided last week to sell shares of the standard & poor cell phone in the market , which made people more and more concerned about the use of smart cell phones as an opponent of iuca , and the black - awron cell phone has now sold over 100 countries around the world .
according to statistics , in the first quarter of this year , there were nearly 1,000 standard - plus new users of silicon - type ferries , with the total number of users reaching 9,00.00 .
( international ) spanish prime minister says madrid 's death toll
xinhua news agency , july 7 , a spanish military woman was killed and injured by a slump in her breath on the 7th . she dragged her head and her mouth found her accomplice .
according to a media report here on the 6th , the woman was killed in a car bomb in a shop in barlaria .
a day , a day before a man was found lying in a mouth inside the man 's house , she thought it was a hijack , and told him to go to the drawer to get money out .
however , the man did not take money , but he chopped the man .
she wanted to use the dirty method to breathe the the water , but the man was not killed .
the struggle between the two sides of the strait was a result of the eyes of the woman , but her mouth was discovered .
the culprits were sent to the police for further enquiries .
the victim was told to the media that she was not in good health and she and her husband were going to go through the divorce procedure . they had two children .
13 men and two women were injured in the accident .
xinhua news agency , july 11 , wuhan ( by liu yang and chu shichu ) - yiping liu , a senior official of the wuhan city people 's government , said here today that the chinese government has always attached great importance to the development of the western region and has made great efforts to promote the development of the western region .
13 men and two women were injured in a fire in the east china sea .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee is now trying the case .
this may , 13 people were killed and another one injured in a bomb attack on the chinese embassy in the city .
later , the pilot went to the air force headquarters in hubei province to pay a working dispute application .
the eastern airlines ' wuhan company received a report of leaning , raising a countermeasure , asking 13 pilots to report the situation to the company in violation of labor contract and lifting labor contract .
according to reports , the pilots and the eastern airlines signed a contract of unfixed - term labor contracts . apart from the labor contract , the conditions for suspension or removal of conditions , the labor contract validity period will continue to be the basic retirement age of the pilot .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee has listed the case as an appeal and anonymous case to try the case . it is expected that the hearing will be concluded before august 8 .
( international ) german chancellor calls on russia to pass the russian - russian border treaty as soon as possible
xinhua news agency , july 12 , riga ( reporter yang dehong ) - the chinese government , which is currently making a pilgrimage in the country , called on russia to pass the russian - russian border treaty as soon as possible .
schroeder said that the two countries had a wide range of common interests in the area of international affairs , and the two sides discussed the relations between latvia and the eu .
in the wake of the talks , the two sides also exchanged views on the current situation in the region and the situation of the korean peninsula .
schroeder said that the two countries had a lot of common interests and had a lot of common interests in the whole region and in russia 's efforts to improve relations .
this march 27 , the " shanghai five " summit , which has lasted for 10 years , attracted foreign investors , including carter , prime minister , and russian prime minister konov , signed a bilateral agreement on border issues in moscow .
on 17 may , raja 's parliament passed a law on the border between russia and russia .
according to the media ,
( international ) dprk 's and rok will hold the sixth round of talks on the sideline of the korean peninsula
xinhua news agency , pyongyang , july 16 ( reporter gao haorong and xia yu ) - the dprk nuclear issue is a major issue that has attracted the attention of the international community .
the dprk and the rok military representatives held a meeting on 16 august in chicago to discuss military affairs . the two sides agreed to hold a meeting of the sixth ministerial level on 24 - 26 august .
according to a report by the central news agency , a dprk military representative , gongyi , suroe , said in his contact that day that the dprk had made a decision to build a missile defense system in the waters of yanping island in the western part of the dprk , and also explained in detail the reasons for this .
he said : the establishment of a common encumbrance zone must be carried out to the maximum extent in seeking national unity and common prosperity and ensuring peace and stability .
piao su - su said that the two sides had a common sea line , and that the two sides had agreed to cooperate in the sea area to prevent military conflicts in the western region .
he said that the state council should promptly formulate military support measures to promote the dprk - rok cooperation and exchanges .
he said : the rok side is now working hard to achieve a balance between the two countries ' military interests and the two countries ' non - governmental vessels .
this is another important move taken by the two sides to resume talks on the korean nuclear issue following the dprk - rok talks on 10 april .
the dprk and the rok have been discussing the fifth round of talks on the korean peninsula , which were held in the south of the chagons from 8 to 11 may .
( international ) modern technology is denying intent to buy wolowowardowser
xinhua news agency , seoul , july 18 ( reporter : liu yong ) - an official from the south korean modern automobile company said on july 18 that the company had no intention of purchasing wolfowl or the car company 's name .
the " sunday times " reported that the " new york times " and the " new york times " have all reported that the company might sell wolfowl .
the " sunday times " reported that the " falungong " organization in the united states has been trying to " attack " the country by selling its potential products .
modern automobile companies are expected to be listed on the list of the world 's largest auto makers , the top ten in the world , and the top ten in the modern standard is being busy with implementing their own expansion plans .
in 1999 , the output of 164.5 - billion us dollars , which was reduced from the swedish wolfowitz group .
at present , wolfowitz and luoyang are all under the leadership of the chief automobile group ( gia gia ) .
this march , a " red army " of the 110 th class , which was running into a loss , sold its shares of the siren , which was mainly declining by the united states and the united states , and also indicated that it would consider selling the road , the tiger , and the czech republic .
( sports ) cuba 's top ten players hit taiwan
xinhua news agency , rio de janeiro , july 21 ( reporter chen weiyi ) - - - wei zhao , a senior member of the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) , said here today that china 's npc and cppcc have maintained frequent contacts with foreign political parties and the two countries ' parliaments .
cuba 's delegation arrived in beijing on 21 may for a two - day visit .
according to international fists , the united states is the first to hit the taiwan team in international competitions .
the two sides agreed to strengthen cooperation in the fields of energy , agriculture , environmental protection , agriculture , agriculture , agriculture , and environmental protection .
the rope is too short , and will affect the fists ' evacuation .
he also held a discussion meeting with the deputies , saying that if the caojing could not find a place that meets the olympic standards , it could be a place where the other side could find a place .
as early as possible , the us side had already learned from cuba .
mexico and colombia delegations held talks on the same day .
the columbian fans , julius , and guillas , were all in the first battle , but he said the tunes were mixed although i won the first match , but i was hit by too much narrower . this really made me feel that it is not necessary to me , and i do not think it is too much to me , i think it is impossible to me , i do n't feel it is too much , i feel it is too risky , i feel
the white house is a small house in the world , a city in the south , a city in the south , a city in the south , a city in the south , and a city in the south .
xinhua news agency , july 24th , shanghai ( by staff reporter xu shongsong ) - this reporter learned from the guansheng garden ( group ) company limited that a - hundred - odd - metre - milk milk in the shanghai port was resumed recently . many overseas - based swans also asked for orders .
the first prize for the championship was a mercury company in singapore , mr lin qingrong , who recently sent a letter to the corona group , saying that because singapore 's agricultural products and its mega - type meager - sized milk rabbit results are not almorales , they can sell normally in the market , and therefore they ask for a market order to go into production .
the first prize of the championship is a famous chinese calligraphy company in malaysia , which called on the guansheng park to immediately transport one of the famous white rabbit sugar to malaysia .
the first prize for the award presentation ceremony was held at the hong kong polytechnic university .
the five - year trade company limited has received a letter from huaanqiu in hong kong that it has decided to sell its 100 largest shares in hong kong .
according to reports , the first time the shanghai port was opened , the 10 largest buyers of white rabies were gradually restored to export .
at present , seven people have been found to have been found dead in the coffin of seven containers , which are being transported to singapore 's lianganuel gyanendra in malaysia .
( international ) manufacturing of british beef - type bomb
xinhua news agency , july 26 , london ( by staff reporter li ) - british police on july 26 announced that the british government - made jennifer - type suitcase on july 23rd killed a man in the city of lankar .
police said that the incident was called a " polo - shaped " and a 51 - year - old woman , who was a unemployed . he would be blackmail and manufacturing bomb - like alleged .
on 14 july , a group of people from the british national army led by its 14 surgeons , mostly liquid , due to the threat of a bomb , was shut down immediately by the police and resumed business only the next day .
the chinese people are now in the same breath .
british police later found a bomb in a bomb attack .
( sports ) the world is changing its style of breast cancer in beijing .
xinhua news agency , beijing , july 28 ( reporter cui jun ) - the next olympic games will be held in beijing , with a slight and humid august beijing is expected to turn into a sea of fertile land .
through changing the style of the use of technology , scientific research personnel have found the method of increasing the color of the olympics .
on 28 may , the " qianxian olympics " committee held a grand ceremony in beijing to discuss the topic of the construction of the beijing olympic games . experts concluded that the method of selecting cultivation and cultivation for cultivation and cultivation is naturally a different starting point .
in beijing , the summer , usually only one thing is to see a dozen or so kinds of famous cathedral , most of which are left out long ago , or they are far from being able to see their feeds .
the scientific research personnel have made efforts to select a new olympic champion 206 type of white - collar serap .
in beijing 's haidian park , the beijing operates in the olympics .
( international ) turkish president suleyman demirel wins parliamentary election
xinhua news agency , july 30th , by reporter jian wang
in july 22 , the " shanghai five " elected the new leader of the opposition party , jim chia - chia .
the national action party ( pna ) won 71 seats in the election .
apart from the above three political parties , another political party , the 26 - member delegation , was elected .
the turkish new government will be elected in august .
the two sides will then hold the inaugural ceremony .
after that , the parliament will pass the motions without any sign of voting to elect a new speaker .
the turkish parliament 's ruling party , which was originally scheduled to be held in november , was rejected by the turkish parliament because the opposition parties had a negative effect on the only candidate of the turkish party , which is a conservative and developing party 's vice premier and foreign minister , and led to a failure in the presidential election .
