the white house urges north korea to send nuclear inspectors to close nuclear reactors as soon as possible
the white house today called for the dispatch of nuclear inspectors to the country as soon as possible to oversee the closure of its nuclear reactors , and the white house announced the decision after us president bush and south korean president roh moo - hyun talked over the phone .
the white house national security council spokesman qiang said that the two leaders discussed the issue of the us - south korea nuclear cooperation agreement today .
the two presidents also expressed their strong dissatisfaction over the us - rok free trade agreement signed yesterday , and they will work to ensure the smooth progress of the talks .
experts believe that the nuclear plutonium produced in pyongyang over the past 20 years is sufficient to produce 12 nuclear weapons .
hill , us special envoy to the six - party talks , said after last week 's visit to pyongyang that he expected the yongbyon nuclear reactors to be closed in mid - july .
heavy rain in western india dies
the western weekend was hit by a straw raids , and some areas were flooded seriously . the western metropolitan route has been suspended from inside and outside .
rescue officials said today that it caused a situation of 43 people .
the winds will bring along heavy rain every six to september , causing a huge population of 1 billion in india .
this luxury rain has impacted half of the victims , while others were drowned by houses or by tunnels .
the indian financial center has also been under siege .
on the 29 th , there were two days , with a rough rock and roll down .
the chief executive , bazarat , said that he had 13 deaths alone .
officials of the city government called on residents to move forward and not to go out to protect their own security before the rainy rain slowed down .
yesterday , the rain slumped , most of the areas are still flooded .
flood in india killed nearly 500
according to officials and media reports , there were more than 20 deaths caused by heavy rain in india this year .
the indian press trust quoted government officials and business managers as well as the redevelopment of the indian press trust .
the report pointed out that kadan was an inspection tour and made the above statement to the media reporters .
he said : at the same time , the dutch cotton producing province of rasat , india 's largest cotton producing province , has a vast vast ocean . it has 27 urban awaiting a severe water problem . more than 10,000 disaster victims have been transported to a safe shelter .
india is moving from south to north , and has entered various cities one week ago . residents of various provinces held a long - standing heart - to - heart meeting with the spirit of being willing to go to helin with the rain . however , they did not expect the rainy weather to be violent . as a result , the highway became a thorny area , the low - lying areas were all over , and transportation was paralyzed .
the wimbledon internet contest , the chicago discarding competition , was held in nadal .
the king of the red earth of spain , nunan , today won the men 's singles in wenbuton , a battle of michaikovic , a competition for georgovic , who could not be injured or went out of battle for another battle because of injury . nalindar , who was injured in the world , will compete with the swiss royal clerk king of the swiss royal family in , the french royal clan
jkovic won the 16 th and 8 th championships in the match .
the fourth seed georgovic retreat , which originally ranked sixth with 3-6 , is one of the top two seawers , nawaiting , won the battle .
apart from the hot - powered aircraft , the nunyu competition was first rolled out under a broken situation . the second class was the second class . the second class was the leading one .
the satellite shows that the tunnel is probably used to protect nuclear equipment
the institute of science and international security ( icu ) of the us think tank , reported today that commercial satellite shows that iran is a mountain tunnel near the nadan uranium enrichment facility , and may be used to protect nuclear equipment when it was hit by the air raids .
these are the products of the united states ( the swiss ) , the company , which took pictures on 11 june and published the results of the research on science and international security .
the institute is located in washington , a non - profit research group .
a series of rows were located south of the nandan facilities , and were moving along the mountain . the facilities were a large uranium enrichment factory .
analysts albright and burey said in a report that the middle of the tunnels are not short of a clear import , but the road is a tumultuous one .
they said : a tugy is dug into the mountain tunnel and its operation will be very good .
un envoy holds nuclear talks with iran
the international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) has signed a memorandum of understanding on the iran nuclear issue with iran on tuesday , the deputy director - general of the united nations international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) .
however , iranian president ahmadinejad has been increasing under the pressure of the united nations to impose further sanctions , and he is still stubbornly resisting .
iran will not stop uranium enrichment work , but iran welcomes this latest move .
he said : the rolling out of the arc may slow down or speed up , but this is a matter of implementation , but no one should expect us to give up our rights , and we will not stop moving toward this direction at an accelerated pace .
he arrived in hainininin to make the statement .
the purpose of the visit to haining is to draw up a set of plans to resolve the mystery caused by iran 's nuclear program .
un unnecessary uranium enrichment has already imposed two sanctions on iran .
yonhap news agency reported that hyan'an'in and iran 's supreme national security council officials headed by president vady .
the iranian delegation also includes the deputy chairman of the iaea , sidi , and ambassador to the iaea , sander .
the yawer class , the palestinian prime minister , has been set up by the new government
the palestinian authorities have built a large - scale military force after the gaza strip , and the prime minister , faya , has temporarily resigned . however , he was immediately appointed to take charge of the new government .
the minister of agriculture and social affairs told afp , " the prime minister of yalta has proposed resignation to president abbas and the president accepted it , and also asked him to be responsible for the new cabinet government that is responsible for handling routine government affairs . "
abbas 's rostrum told afp that fatah had submitted his resignation , and abbas ordered him to carry out his current duties until the new government was taken over .
the respected economist , fattard , submitted his resignation , but the only one was the procedural resignation , and he would not shake his position as the prime minister .
since the inception of the emergency cabinet of palestine last month , fattan has been responsible for implementing the policy announced after abbas ' violent abbas ' al-qassam .
according to the basic law of the palestinian autonomous government , without the approval of the parliament , the palestinian national authority is not allowed to exceed 30 days , but the palestinian national authority is now paralyzed .
the authorization of the emergency government has expired today .
wto representative 's new term breaks the deadlock in talks
the main wto negotiators today proposed a big reduction in us agricultural subsidies , and the developing countries have substantially lowered the import tariffs on industrial products , thus breaking the deadlock in the doha round of trade talks .
the official said that the new version of the draft proposal requires that the us agricultural subsidies be reduced from the current 120 us dollars to below 200 million us dollars , and the developing countries will import tariffs on industrial products to below the level .
the proposal was aimed at breaking the deadlock in the talks over the past six years and helping wto members reach a compromise agreement .
the wto secretary general - level calls these proposals are a consensus reached with both sides of a balanced objective and a fair and reasonable foundation for an agreement on development as the orientation .
lamy said : the proposal by un member nations will not be completely satisfied , but at present the issue of disagreement is less than the issue of consensus reached .
he called for intensive negotiations in the coming weeks .
no heavy earthquake will affect the production of japanese auto industry .
japan 's car industry suffered a sudden earthquake this week , with a shortage of automobiles , a sudden influx of japanese cars , and a japanese automobile manufacturing company , said today that they will even suspend domestic car production .
japan 's imperial shock was severely shattered on the scale of 6.8 .
the world 's most popular car makers , a female spokesperson , said that from tonight through 21 february , domestic car production will be suspended .
japan 's spokesman chung - chuan said that from the day after tomorrow until 23 august , japan 's three factories , including japan , will suspend some production operations and the production of the two factories , and will reevaluate the situation on the weekend .
he said that there are two factories , one of which is affected by a sudden move , but the company will probably increase its rotation next month to make up for the backward production progress .
suzuki said that the three - day suspension of some production and production of the shiu motor will be suspended tomorrow . from tomorrow , fushijie company in japan will also suspend production of small cars and will assess the situation on 21 may .
the car said it is likely to suspend some of its supply operation from zero next week .
the earthquake killed at least 10 people and injured both in the house and several hundred shanals . this has forced the factory in the disaster area to stop and put on .
the company cancelled the sale of unfinished food
ju said today that in view of the recent upsurge of acquisition by hong kong , indonesia has cancelled the british environmental - related peddling activities .
the sidup on the indonesian plaza in the high - consumption district , the head of the duan shanermo , said : in view of the incident in hong kong , we cancelled the city activities .
if the people were to have a population of 140,000 rupees ( about nt $ 4th ) , it would be impossible to have a price for it .
on the 6th , hong kong people gathered outside the sales shop , preparing to buy a house from britain 's internetanyu school design , the yindaxian school , and it was a famous " shijie " rather than a " xue " , and refused to be a business , and triggered a scene of audience .
this fine product , which uses environmental protection as a bargaining chip , has been replaced by a single - handedly - produced game in london and new york one day , triggered a rush to buy , and auctioned the price on echy has already reached a certain amount of several times the price .
the only thing in the case of duo de la rua , who was sold in indonesia , said that he was not sure whether he would sell it in a few days .
when the hostage crisis is countless , south korean leaders directly negotiated
afghan groups kidnapped 23 south korean hostages and set the deadline today for south korea to withdraw its troops from the country of afghanistan , otherwise the hostage will be killed .
as time passed by one minute and one second , the situation has developed positively , and south korean officials held talks with the group for the first time today .
however , at the same time , the group said that the other german hostage kidnapped was very weak and started to fall into a situation of extreme loss .
he called on germany and south korea to withdraw from afghanistan and demanded that these hostages be exchanged for 33 afghan guerrillas who were detained by the afghan government .
the spokesman for the assembly , amadi , told afp in a telephone interview with the unidentified site : through the tribal elders , we have directly contacted the south korean representative .
amazy said : we hope that the talks will yield results .
local time ( 10 : 30 p.m . taiwan time ) is the deadline , and the time will start killing south korean hostages .
the hallmark has been extended twice .
disputes over sea waters cannot be reached , military talks between the two koreas are dispersed
because of the different views on the boundary of the sea , the three - day high - level military talks between the south and the north were unfolded today .
the talks were held in the border city plate . the north korean chief representative kim yong - chol [ kim jae - chol ] said : we have come to a conclusion : we need not to have any talks that have not been concluded .
the red face was swollen with red face , kim jol , ringing in south korea , and deliberately stirring up a new territorial area , replacing the original tumultuous discussion of the northern line .
he pointed out that the line was not legitimate .
the tuantuan line is built on the north line , which is the largest military operation ever since the korean war in 1953 . in recent years , north korea has even refused to admit it .
north korea 's illegal entry into the waters triggered tensions , south korea said it was not justified .
clashes broke out in the waters of the area in june 1999 , causing dozens of north korean sailors .
the clash again occurred in june 2002 , with six south korean people unfortunately .
us treasury secretary 's visit to china to discuss environmental protection and exchange rate
us secretary of treasury colin powell arrived in china yesterday and the united states is making every effort to persuade china to further carry out necessary economic reform and environmental protection work , especially the topic of the renminbi exchange rate , which has been of great concern .
us diplomats said that powell first visited the major chinese provinces in northwest china , qinghai , and shaanxi .
china 's current largest hydrochlord lake is near the most salty lake .
ballenum today transferred to beijing to discuss with chinese officials in charge of the sino - us strategic economic dialogue initiated last year .
the us - china strategic economic dialogue mainly discussed economic globalization and environmental protection , and the most important thing is the issue of the renminbi exchange rate , and us congressmen believe that the renminbi is overvalued .
the us - china trade deficit is rapidly moving up , the pressure within the united states is gradually increasing , and congressmen are preparing to take retaliatory action to counter their so - called china 's unequal trade policy .
last week , the us senate finance committee passed a bill by an overwhelming majority demanding that the ministry of finance refer to the list of countries that are fundamentally misevaluating the exchange rate of currencies , thus opening the door for economic sanctions that have been launched in beijing .
us congressmen said that the renminbi is undervalued , and the goods sold to the united states by china are extremely volatile , and the us - china trade deficit with china last year reached $ 2.5 billion .
mututugun called the " western movement " completely out of the fifa before the age of 60
from the beginning of the era , musnio has been a media station for the future .
some newspapers have listed 14 new handsome , but i will remain in the shixi area and the shijie mohammed .
musino reiterated that he hoped that the portuguese team would take a string of teaching whip , and i really wanted to teach him . i believe there would always be a day of portuguese football association and i would like to invite me to be the lead martial arts .
however , the 44 - year - old musnio did not intend to contribute his life to football . he said he would retire before the age of 60 , and he did not want to be like bobby , bu and fraser . he did not have an ancient time .
i have already made a commitment to my wife , and i will not be like robertson and fensen , who have been teaching until 70 , and tuano .
musino has been under the age of 60 , i want to thoroughly get on the stage .
i have too many things that i cannot do now , awaiting me to do .
i do n't want to become a soccer advisor or or a technical director , such as baradono or sarki .
i do n't want to play such a role .
i do n't want to become a club chairman , i just want to have a thorough football , michaio .
( qi liang )
wang bing from the village of hongdong , shanxi , listed a list of black hits and rolls .
chinanews , july 17 - with the concern of the public , linyan city intermediate college started trial on the first instance at the linfen city intermediate college this morning . wang bing , from qinsheng village , guangsheng village , shanxi county , was a duo yu shanju town .
many domestic media are paying close attention to the progress of the case .
because the local departments concerned were rather cautious , some reporters were unable to enter the scene to cover the news .
currently , tumultuous is still going on .
according to the staff of the linfen city intermediate court , if the situation goes smoothly , it is estimated that the hearing will end on that day .
however , whether the duel can be passed in court is still unknown .
at about 9 : 00 a. m . , some reporters noticed the scene outside the central hospital of linfen , and there were nervous and tranquil situations .
perhaps , he felt that he was doing some business in the court .
when i arrived , i believe that the law is just and rough .
a senior figure who walked over here looked at the national emblem , saying his own words .
earlier , information from hongdongxian county confirmed that the defendant 's father , cao shengnun , was the father of the defendant , and wang dongzhong , former party branch secretary of shengli village , had been dismissed from the post of county people 's congress according to law .
earlier , wang dongguan was arrested for having been listed in the case of wang bing - ju yu ju yu - liang 's suspected involvement in violation of discipline . he was removed from the post of village party branch secretary and expelled from the party .
the case of wang bing 's black brick brick knife in shanxi province caused concern at one time at home and abroad . the central authorities issued a written instruction demanding strict investigation .
the dprk and rok have reached an agreement on cooperation in developing light industry and underground resources .
chinanews , july 8
the dprk and the rok held a joint statement on 7 june on cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources .
according to the agreement , the rok will provide the dprk with raw materials for the production of light industrial products such as clothing , and for this , the dprk will confer certain domestic extraction rights to the rok .
according to a report from the japan sending association , the rok and the dprk held a joint meeting in kaesong in three days to discuss cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources , and finally reached an agreement .
according to the agreement , the rok will provide shoe and soap raw materials to the dprk , with a total value of 9shiu .
in this regard , the dprk will grant three domestically produced explosive rights to the rok .
the rok government will withdraw from incheon port in western china on 25 july to transport the first batch of 500 tons of contract materials to the dprk .
according to the plan , the rok and the dprk will jointly conduct investigation on the eastern part of the dprk from 28 july .
the rok government started to unveil the plan to provide 400,000 tons of rice to the dprk .
while the dprk expressed its willingness to actively implement the agreement reached by the six countries , including the closure of nuclear facilities , the dprk - rok economic cooperation has become more active again .
the lanzhou commodity bureau explained the limits of the beef flesh price , but because it was too big to increase .
chinanews , lanzhou , july 10 ( huang party )
this afternoon , the lanzhou municipal bureau of commodity prices invited relevant departments to hold a forum on limiting the beef and flesh .
at the news conference , it was learned that the bureau and other departments jointly issued a price limit , mainly because the price increase of the beef and beef is too big , exceeding the tolerance of residents .
it is reported that the price increase in the beef naked is as high as 20 % , and statistics show that this is the largest increase in the price of beef in lanzhou since the first increase in the early 1980 's .
" the government 's behavior is to take into account the economic capabilities of the local residents , and the highest price we set to set is a cost - investigation , " said lanzhou city bureau director .
on 26 february , the sanxia bureau of lanzhou city bureau of bureau of industry and commerce , and four other departments jointly set a maximum price limit for the meat prices of both products . once the news is revealed , it has aroused strong concern .
it is learned that the forum is aimed at extensively soliciting the opinions of various circles and soliciting opinions and suggestions for the specific management measures for the next step to be taken in taiwan . it is also disclosed that lanzhou will hold a news conference tomorrow .
this will be the price increase event held in lanzhou city for the second time .
qi yan punishes china regional development association : stop activities
chinanews , july 11 - according to news from the website , on 9 july , siduan made three months of suspension of activities by the china regional development promotion association .
the punishment order shows that the china regional development council has the following illegal acts : a dushi standard collected from the secondary level ; second , it has used dushi to collect other fees from non - member units .
according to investigations , huanjing county has a population of 2,000,000 yuan per year , and its number has exceeded 200 by june to february 2007 .
according to article 33 of the " regulations on registration and management of social groups , " the regulations stipulate that the number one of article 33 shall be suspended within three months from the deadline , and shall be sealed in accordance with the law for relevant articles such as those who should be held in the capital .
the rok government hopes to speed up the process of denuclearization on the peninsula through the six - party talks
chinanews , july 12 according to a report by the korean associated press , the korean government is very concerned about the situation in the meeting of the delegation heads of the six - party talks , which will start in beijing on the 18 th .
a spokesman for the ministry of foreign affairs and trade of the republic of korea [ rok ] issued a comment on 12 june , saying that he hopes that the meeting of the delegation leaders of the six - party talks will end as soon as possible the initial stage measures and implement the next phase measures , and will also be concrete and substantive measures for holding the six - party talks , so as to speed up the process of denuclearization in the korean peninsula .
the commentary also said : as the core of the dprk nuclear issue , the chinese government will make unremitting efforts to rapidly and successfully achieve the denuclearization of the korean peninsula , and will work with relevant countries to this end .
officials revealed that the number of participating countries and regions is expected to reach the highest level in the beijing olympics
chinanews , july 16
according to xinhua news agency , wang shilin , deputy head of the international affairs department of the beijing olympic organizing committee , revealed on 14 february that the beijing olympic organizing committee will submit a special report to the 205 members of the international olympic committee next month to attend the olympics .
he said that if there is no accident , the beijing olympics will be the largest international event in history .
the report said that wang shilin represented the beijing olympic organizing committee to send a message to the pan - america sports organization meeting from 10 to 12 february on the preparatory progress of the beijing olympic games , including the arrangements for construction of transportation , tunnels , and so on .
wang shilin said that the pan - us sports organization 's member countries and regions have shown great concern for their participation in the beijing olympics . all 42 members have confirmed that they will take part in the beijing olympics next month .
it is learned that at the meeting , the ioc will , together with the beijing olympic organizing committee , formally invite the ioc 's 205 member olympic committee to attend the olympic games .
( gao peng , yang limin )
wang yan 's injuries improved , " insisting on " sitting on a wooden wooden wooden wooden stool to restore " two levels "
wang yan was already able to sit on the wooden bench , but she could not be so long and felt dizzy . yesterday , the zhejiang sports bureau director wu xieqin told the reporter that she was very excited .
wang yan 's injuries were reported to the team in the previous match , with her left and right leaning muscle muscles recovering more than 10 days ago , and she was promoted to the level of secondary level by level .
this month , wang yan came from shanghai 's sixth academy , lu ju ( a major disease ward ) to a special ward . when she was in a hospital ward , her right leg muscle muscle was from 2 to 3 , and her left limbs muscle was from 1 to 1 .
in the last half month , wang yan 's upper limb muscle has taken a further turn for the better .
doctor shi said wang yan 's muscles reached the level four or above , a level five or a level only slightly lower than normal . his left muscle also had a legend at level 3 or above .
in other words , in less than half a month , wang yan 's upper limb muscle muscles resumed rolling down to class two .
i was a little uncomfortable , wang yan was able to stay on a bed with the help of a doctor .
the hospital rehabilitation experts originally planned to let wang yan stay in hospital for treatment with the protection of the rehabilitation bed at the end of last week .
however , according to wang yan 's current recovery , the temporary delay of the rehabilitation training was only postponed .
wu xilong said : wang yan 's current tempering is mainly based on a qualitative level . she can persist in sitting on a wooden bench . however , she cannot be too long . she has been a profile in both her classic and her experience .
venezuelan president says big reduction in civil service
chinanews , july 23 - according to a comprehensive report , venezuelan president ronald reeduan spoke on the 22nd on the internal and foreign policy .
he said that a substantial reduction in the wages of senior civil servants was made .
he also said that if a foreign minister is attacked by the venezuelan government , he will be expelled .
the assembly has ordered government officials to closely monitor the remarks made by foreigners during their visit to venezuela and has found that anyone openly criticized him or the venezuelan government must depart .
in his television speech on the evening of 22 may , he said venezuela could not tolerate aliens from running to his home to make indiscreet remarks .
in his speech , he also pointed out that the wage of senior civil servants would be reduced substantially .
he said : venezuela 's civil servants ' wages cannot exceed us dollars per month .
it is learned that in venezuela , some poor people have been earning us dollars a month .
in latin american countries , the action of reducing civil servants ' wages has become a common practice and has won the support of the broad masses of the people .
leaders of peru and sutuinjing countries all paid their own salary .
the cuban leader also said that cuban leader castro reminded him of the action taken by the us side .
he said that carter luo presented a book of the former us central bureau director , a memento of him , could you see the various kinds of business operations of the cia ?
the assembly of class 1 was closed yesterday , and the group of two cases ended temporarily suspended from taking place .
last night beijing time , the international auto federation council held a meeting on the criminal espionage case of faulty in paris . the sumkai wheel , which was summoned , fled to the capital : the council decided not to give the mai motor a penalty for the time being .
the international auto federation official network issued a statement after hearing the news conference , saying : wufei 's quieter muhammed has a large number of secret information about lalie , but there is no sufficient evidence to show that these information is untrue .
however , the criminal case of the faulty technology has not been included in the list .
the motor movement council also indicated in this decision : if the hierarchy will discover relevant information about the company , which is used to harm the championship , we retain the request to merge the wheel of the heels council of the auto movement , and at that time they may face the challenge of being abolished by both 2007 and 2008 .
mai kai , who is now the former chief designer of the mai kai wheel , has been suspended from office . he was found to have nearly 800 pages of technical documents , including the design of racing cars in france , the yonhoi construction project , and the testing of the development of the lanxuan in 2007 and operation .
the rolls of the mai wheel , the england stoppage , did not know the information from other people , the mai kai wheel motors did not have any magic tranquillity .
( wang yuan )
experts believe that the insurance industry will not divert domestic stock market funds in the short term
chinanews , july 30
according to a report by china securities news , the " provisional procedures on management of investment overseas of insurance funds " were promulgated a few days ago . insurance funds have a broader space for using the capital market .
liu lefei , chief investment officer of the china chiu company , said that the appreciation of the renminbi and the good direction of the domestic capital market will not be made by insurance institutions through large - scale purchase of foreign capital in the short term . this also means that insurance insurance will not divert domestic stock market funds from the short term .
the report said that many insurance agencies hold the same views .
experts say that because there is no market for renminbi at present , insurance institutions do not have sufficient risk evasion means , and therefore the time for large - scale foreign exchange purchase is not ripe .
liu lefei said : in the long run , in the area of asset allocation , foreign investment should occupy a certain proportion in the overall distribution of insurance companies .
however , because the renminbi is under greater pressure of appreciation , china will mainly rely on its own foreign exchange funds to make overseas investment .
for foreign exchange purchases , the state should be handled with caution under the current circumstances .
( shang )
china 's direct losses this year were 52.5 billion yuan ( about $ ) ,
this reporter learned from the national general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control : as of july , the whole country had learned about 18.1 billion mu of disasters , of which 54.14 million mu were affected and 1.19 million people were affected by the disaster , 652 people died from the disaster , 45.52 mu of houses , and 52.5 billion yuan in direct economic losses .
the area of land affected by drought in the whole country is 1.4 billion mu , with some people acting like a rich and rich , a large peasant going through drought and having difficulty getting involved in it due to a sudden drought .
july , the national general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control , in light of the grim situation in flood prevention and drought control , made an emergency plan .
it requires all provinces along the huai he and the headquarters of the general flood prevention headquarters to step up efforts to step up prevention and control during the period of dropping water from the river , and seize upon the comprehensive victory of flood prevention .
the national general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control and agricultural departments have sent three groups to work out flood prevention and drought control and drought control .
currently , flood prevention work is being carried out in a tight and orderly manner , with the operation of the hongxin river also being put into the flood discharge . the sanxia tuanhuan of anhui province , sanxia province , is being moved on .
there is no big danger in the dry flow .
heilongjiang , jiangxi , and other provinces launched an emergency response to the drought - fighting situation in accordance with the plan , and the work of fighting against drought is being carried out in an orderly and orderly manner .
( by reporter zhao yongping )
chen shui - bian secretly criticized the judicial involvement in the election for the taiwan " legislative yuan " to deny and explain it .
chinanews.com july -- chen shui - bian questioned the island 's judicial personnel 's attempt to get involved in the election of a leader in the taiwan region .
taiwan 's yushiba college administrative college said on the same day that the current performance of judges in taiwan is different from what chen shui - bian said , and also requires chen shui - bian to explain his view .
according to a report by taiwan 's " sushi " , chen shui - bian questioned whether the judge , the prosecutor , or the investigation , had been involved due to political factors or election considerations , and even attempted to influence the election activities of the candidates of various parties , saying that he hoped such phenomena would not exist in taiwan , but they may be very difficult .
in response to chen shui - bian 's question , wu shisheng , president of the executive yuan , did not respond to him , while lu shiqi , secretary general of the shikai group , was a high representative of the judicial college .
gao jinzhi said : the basic laws of taiwan and the code of judges both clearly and definitely declared that judges should not go beyond the party 's political party activities or be helpful to the election , and judges are very cautious in observing relevant restrictions . they believe that judges are cautious in handling matters of the judicial system .
gao jinzhi pointed out : kaohsiung higher and upper levels are different . chang shengxi , a judge at the kaohsiung executive college , was delighted to attend the course of the kadagara school because the course concerned has a political party color and a judge - forming committee resolution .
zhang shengxi was delighted to take part in the dpp 's executive election because he was taking part in the election .
gao jinzhi believes that if the trial of individual cases is a matter , the level of examination cannot be done in a single way according to the results of the verdict , and that judges have political intentions .
germany to lower restrictions on professional personnel
the reporter learned from the pla 's berlin , 1 july ( reporter wang huaicheng )
german minister of education and scientific research shavan recently said that germany should lower its " procedural law " to limit the conditions for introducing foreign specialties and increase its support for foreign talents by increasing the introduction of foreign talents .
according to the oecd report , germany has been a big number of labor workers aged 15 to 64 .
if there is no sufficient immigration , there will be a downward trend in germany 's labor force at 20-30 .
however , the german federation of employers and german engineers association reported that the german labor market is not a problem with engineers ' technical skills .
according to statistics from the federal labor bureau , the german labor market engineer supply volume in may was approximately 170,000 , accounting for about one - third of the total supply of some 170,000 people . technical technicians supply tunnels is approximately 9600 .
germany has been playing an important role in protecting its own people 's employment and in introducing foreign talents .
germany 's " dutuun " stipulates that non - eu professional talents are not below 85,000 euros in germany , otherwise they cannot be obtained from work and residence in germany .
shaowei suggested reducing this limit to level of action .
do not have superstition and law .
the " law of lawyers " that was submitted to the npc standing committee for examination and discussion recently stipulates that those who have engaged in legal research , such as teaching , and they have a high level of both high level and secondary professional level , applying for the lawyers ' profession , will be subject to the examination and approval by the judicial administrative department of the state council and be allowed to be sent to the lawyers ' profession .
( june 28 ) china " rolls "
law has a well - developed circle and a well - versed circle . the former mainly includes legal teaching and research work , and other regular behavior . the latter is more important in the litigation law . the latter is a large number of concrete behaviors such as legal consultation , legal service , and so on .
for a long time , the theoretical circle and the affairs of both the legal profession and the actual situation have existed , and the theoretical circle is a subject of understanding , and theoretical circles believe that the lack of necessary preparations for the actual business circles is only a mechanical and law - based person , a buddhist , and a capitalist class .
the differences in the division of labor are to be done by the law , not by relying on the support of one side .
however , some people from both circles and circles in the " law of lawyers " have objectively recognized the historical experience of law circles , which is higher than those from legal circles .
in fact , some people who are engaged in the study of international laws and laws and other purely institutional studies and teaching have once again profoundly studied their theories and are closely related to legal practice .
this is a case of a stirring lawyers system , without doubt , a disorderly system of qualifications that affects extremely unsatisfactory results .
they are not only blindly influenced by theories , but also by specialists and experts , who are often influencing or even vetoing the court verdict , and this is also a direct expression of such superstition .
encourage chinese - funded ships to move out
this is the first time that the pla has ever made a breakthrough in its development .
the state council chairs the meeting learned that starting 1 july this year , china will implement a system of special inter - capital international shipping shipping register , encourage the issuance of chinese - funded ships that are hoisted with foreign flags , obtain the registration of the prc , and go back to china to register .
in order to further promote the healthy development of china 's maritime transportation industry and strengthen the state 's shipyard , a considerable number of ships in our country engaged in international shipping register and operation of foreign flags have been recently issued the " circular on the implementation of the regulations on the special arrangement for chinese - funded international shipping . " the ministry has made clear the direction for the special ship project to enjoy the special ship travel service policy and application procedures , and has made clear the conditions for the application procedures
the application for ships may be made by dalian , shanghai municipality , for the registration procedures for ship registration .
britain lowers level of terrorist attacks
the air force of the pla , london , july 5 ( reporter guo lin )
the british government has made a series of terrorist attacks from the highest level to the level of high level , which indicates that the british terrorist attacks will not happen soon , but the attacks are extremely likely to be done in the market .
the british police have now transferred the scope of the investigation to india and australia .
the eight suspects arrested were all in the medical system , and the government would be responsible for the work of the migrants who have entered the medical system .
it is learned that recently , some people working in the british public health system have been working overseas .
the prime minister also called for an investigation into the background of high - tech migration , and employers or relevant organizations will be asked to provide background information .
do n't let the businessmen get impatient
tourism is a scene of a streaming and uncomfortable life , and it is the best way to enjoy the fruits of natural civilization and social civilization .
however , many people were encounter such an annoyed when they were visiting the country . they were once engaged in business dealers and intermediary business .
the car , train , and train will always be affected by small traders and some uncertified intermediary .
not a flower - roasted pie , it is selling newspapers and periodicals , and many testimonies , intermediary restaurants , even tumultuous tuition , and even liquid - style .
if you do n't accept it , he can chase you several hundred meters , and if you are n't successful , you will be a good thing .
many of them have similar feelings .
in the absence of entrance , some people came from a tour and a little , a little , a little , a little , a little , a thing .
after entering the door , this situation became even more serious . then yaxing was also stirred up and too few tastes .
it was reported by the media that many foreign tourists visiting xian had an anonymity with xian , but they were very excited about allowing more small business hawkers to sell them everywhere .
these include stations , tunnels , and tunnels , which are originally outgoing and intersections , which should be characterized by orderly civilization , peaceful and harmonious , and a broad and heart - shining environment .
the freedom of the traders has been swollen with the confusion of the business dealers . objectively , they have undermined the public order of these things , forming a situation of pollution and environmental pollution . meanwhile , they have provided conditions and opportunities for the operation of the business community .
what is important is that these are windows for the building of spiritual civilization in the locality , and the segment is not only a good image , but also a negative impact on the development of the local economy .
just imagine , if you want to be a big and strong tourist industry , you will use this chaotic and rubish tourism environment to welcome the guests coming from south to north . who will come and dare come ?
how can you achieve economic results in your tourism ?
with the arrival of the peak tourist season , it will create a civilized tourism environment for tourists from the north of the southern part of the country . it should be said that the pressing task is to do so .
do n't have the market , the operation behavior of peddlers should be regulated , and the operation of unlicensed businesses should be resolutely abolished , and illegal activities should be resolutely cracked down on .
only a civilized and orderly environment can we make both pleasant and happy , and return to the motherland with full vigor .
in one word , do n't let business dealers get impatient .
they have voluntarily retained themselves and reaped .
the construction of the beijing dongcheng district has been done with the issuance of electric ruins as a minimum guarantee for 12 households who voluntarily retained themselves .
( xinjing bao )
the author is happy about the improvement of living standards in these families , but he has taken the initiative to retreat and retreat , and has been rewarding the practice of being a class merit , but he is feeling complex .
the vice director of the jianqi neighborhood office said : due to problems such as fraud and low insurance , encouraging people to voluntarily retreat and ensuring insurance is an example set by lu duan , a city that has set for other low - income households .
if this is an example , it will encourage other low - income people to extricate themselves from their difficulties through their own efforts , and if they want to use this experience to call on those who have long been deceived by cheating for low - income people , they will not be exempted from being infatuated .
while differentiating and cleaning up low - level households , what we rely more on is the law .
relevant departments should strengthen the management of minimum - income households when enjoying minimum - guaranteed income : if they report promptly the changes in family and income , report the employment situation , and accept reexamination on a regular basis , the departments concerned should strengthen their supervision and inspection .
after all , it is only a long - term plan to move out of business according to law .
the neighborhoods rewarded with the family reimbursed with a strum .
as a first - level government organization , the neighborhood is covered by financial appropriations .
and the money of a taxpayer should not be flower .
on the one hand , the withdrawal from low - income families has proven that they have developed certain ability to make themselves mature , and on the other hand , the number of people applying for minimum living expenses is not still present .
the government 's financial appropriations , which are called the lifesaving money , should be delivered in the midst of snow rather than in the brightness of the brightness .
liu , who is willing to serve as a service provider ,
on 10 july , the first city in the country that has been directly elected , duan county , mulan town , xindu district , was interviewed by shijie for the fourth time after taking office , with a rate of 97.7 percent .
during the dialogue with liu diyi , liu gangyi defined himself as a class service provider .
( xinjing bao yesterday )
liu shunyi 's class service may be much better than some appointed cadres in the system .
the most important thing in the system of public - run elections is that the former is mainly decided by ordinary party members and masses , and the latter is mainly appointed by the higher - level organization , and the direction of the source of power has determined that the former must put the responsibility for the people in the first place .
the source of power and responsibility are the key to determining how the person elected will carry out its work .
some people questioned such a democratic revolution as a rock show .
my view is that there are such a democratic and institutional form , which is better than .
taking into account the history and current situation of the building of democracy at the grassroots level in china , i believe that the election of public servants directly is a major breakthrough , and democracy is a major component part of this industry , which should not be underestimated in promoting the building of democracy at the grassroots level .
india is expected to elect the first female presidential analyst to be more likely to be elected , and female voters hope that they will raise their status as women .
on 23 june , before the presidential document of the executive council was ru - ju .
the indian presidential election opened on 19 february . the new president will be elected in the presidential election of the new president , accompanied by current vice president shevardnadze , president of rajasthan state , and chairman of the parliament .
palm is the first female presidential candidate in indian history . if she is elected , she will become the first female president of indian origin .
the governor of the ruling party , sheikh kawa , came from the opposition party people 's party .
the congress party has been in the forefront of the presidential election , and the media and the people have been involved in the election , and the possibility of being a passive minority is quite large .
the 72 - year - old pawn is the governor of the state of the state of rasalini .
she was a lawyer , a well - experienced legislator , and a senior legislator who had been a governor of the rajasthan state .
she is also devoted to social welfare , and is a part of many cultural and social welfare organizations ' honorary chairmen .
analysts pointed out that the reason that palyin became a candidate was because she unswervingly worked on the sideline of the president of the indian congress party , sonia gandhi .
in india , the kandahar family has been controlling the ruling national congress party for a long time .
after her errors were embarrassed by a large number of female voters , the female voters believed that the pawn will be a female tuanhuan who discriminate against women with a serious sense of being a serious problem in indian affairs and will raise the status of women .
the constitution stipulates that india is a federal state and president in name , and the head of state of the country , not a party organization , and more of it is a symbol .
( yan yinghuan )
the united states supports the palestinian government 's expulsion of extremists
washington , july 22 ( staff report ) ( by reporter qisheng xu )
us president bush said on 21 february that the united states will give full support to the pakistani government 's move of sending its military bases , both of its military bases , and its militants from pakistan and afghanistan .
bush said in a weekly radio address that the new us intelligence report , the military base , was established in pakistan and afghanistan .
he expressed concerns about this .
bush said that the united states will continue to support pakistani president musharraf and believes that he will persist in running a struggle with both organizations and militants at arc .
the " national intelligence assessment " report recently published by the united states points out that the armed muslim armed organizations are particularly inexperienced , and the al-qa'ida organization is still threatening the united states .
musharraf and some tribal leaders in the northern part of pakistan reached a consensus last september on preventing both the western and western forces and the intergovernmental organizations from engaging in activities of members of the al-qa'ida organization , which failed to achieve the desired results .
these tribes were either willing or unable to move themselves to protect the security of the region .
in his testimony this time , bush said that musharraf is taking active steps to correct this mistake .
us hopes dprk nuclear agreement can be fully implemented
washington , july 24 ( staff ) ( by reporter qisheng xu )
us assistant secretary of state john whichever on nuclear issues the us side 's chief representative at the six - party talks said on 23 february that the six - party talks on the dprk nuclear issue held last week were very important , but this was only the initial action of implementing the agreement .
the united states hopes very much that the " 9.19 joint statement " and the " 2.13 joint document " on the settlement of the dprk nuclear issue can be fully implemented .
" the government has been working hard to achieve a solution to the nuclear issue , " he said at a press conference .
he hoped that all parties concerned would fully implement the six - party talks on the korean nuclear issue within one year .
hill also said that the dprk side will continue to maintain close contact with the dprk side while holding talks on the security and energy issues .
climate change has led to the rapid reduction of alps globe
in july , geneva , reporters liu jun ( by liu jun )
swiss academy iceberg experts have long been tracking and research . from 1850 to 1975 , swiss mixanhuan glaciers are decreasing at an average annual rate of 38.0 percent .
the tumultuous move led to the melancholia of alps .
experts believe that by the year 2010 , if the temperature in the world is rising , the glaciers will be reduced by a sizeable margin , and the eleventh level will be completely thawed .
aleksandr glaciers , the longest ice - free ecology in europe , has been included in the world 's name of the un organization of natural heritage . however , the number of such legacies has been reduced by 100 m in the year 2006 .
the photo is the 23 - kilometer - long arlesothic glaciers .
photos by liu jun
beijing olympic games ' association calls for civilized consumers
on 30 july , beijing ,
reporter liang jie learned from the china consumers association that at the opening of the 29 th olympic games on 8 august , the beijing consumer association will soon be the first anniversary of the opening of the olympic games . the shanghai consumer protection committee on consumer rights and interests of consumers association , the association of consumers , the qinhuangduchaiyuan consumer association and the hong kong consumers ' council , in the name of a consumer rights protection organization in a six city , called on consumers to show the urban consumers
the proposal proposed : from i am a member of the political bureau of the cpc central committee , i should strengthen the awareness of the humanities , learn etiquette , raise civilized practices , practice civilized standards , observe social rules , and be a consumers who know the gift and civilization .
enhance the sense of green olympics , protect the ecological environment , cherish the whirlwind , actively promote sustainable consumption , and become a consumer advocating green consumption ;
establish a sense of diligence and thrift , change the concept of consumption , blindly scale and scale , oppose extravagance and waste , and become rational consumers with scientific consumption concepts ;
raise the awareness of consumption rights , take the initiative to take part in social supervision , respect intellectual property rights , correctly understand rights and obligations , and act as a consumers that act according to law and exercise reasonable rights .
promote a spirit of being a class member and a positive sense of participation , publicize the olympic ideal , and become a disseminator of the olympic spirit .
hong kong 's sky is a great city with a history of over 10 years
on 1 july , the shijie temple in nanjing was once again knocked down and rolled down .
this thick historical echo , through the channel of the television station , has been linked with the mainland , hong kong 's residents and hong kong compatriots are now on a par with the heavenly kingdom .
a day 10 years ago , the shixia temple in nanjing was ringing back to 55 on the rostrum of nanjing jinghai temple , and the shizhong was a warning to the history of cutting off the pilgrimage from hong kong island .
not a big straw , people from all walks of life in nanjing gathered together in a hall , saying that they would use their own tune to loud this alarm , always warn themselves and not forget history .
a alarm bell is 1.82 metres tall , and 1842 is a rolling tide of the " nanjing treaty " during the period of 1842 .
the shoulder is 1.997 metres , and the yijing river is a buddhist temple .
the planning and foraging of the police world , mr wang fengling explained that the five - hundred - thousand - word script , which was centered on the bell , was used in a bronze bell with high hair , two dragon - propelled flames , hong kong is a symbol of the motherland , and finally , it is used the city 's meihua as a symbol of the monument as a platform of the watch and watch .
the first democratic party member who proposed building the police in that year , yu youxian , said : the situation is quite intertwined . hong kong has returned to china for 10 years . he hoped that hong kong 's tomorrow will be like that -- a symmetrical and unshakable , and not a classic .
( end )
russia 's security agency accused the exile of being " plotting "
the russian oligarchy in exile in london , bowolkov , a lawyer in exile , announced on 2 july that the russian federal security bureau had formally put forward a new charge , accusing the yawer of plotting to the state and attempting to seize the political power by violence .
borovov pointed out that in an interview with british " guardian " reporters in april this year , perez ivanov announced that he was preparing to launch the " imperial palace " in russia to confirm his right - wing elite representatives who oppose the authorities ' policies .
the russian federal security bureau 's reconnaissance bureau immediately issued a " military action plan " in accordance with section 278 of the " russian federation criminal law " to investigate other countries ' criminal cases . recently , it formally submitted a request to the moscow sarvilev court for relevant charges .
it is learned that in february 2006 , the russian federal procuratorate already filed a criminal charges against him , and based on the same fact that the exile oligarchy confirmed in an interview that it attempted to seize the russian regime by force .
because biew has been extradited abroad and could not be extradited , in january 2007 , russia suspended the investigation of the case .
moscow 's sarville court began hearing the case of another court trial of the exile oligarchy on 2 july . the russian general procuratorate accused belize whales of swallowing 214 million rubles of funds and money for the money of 16 million rubles . the court decided to postpone the hearing to the court hearing on 12 july to conduct an investigation on this matter . this place will be a defense for designated state lawyers .
it is believed that these are both projects that are both done well and specifically prohibited from taking part in activities by their defense lawyers .
( bi yuan )
a company in guangxi has been placed under the supervision of administrative efficiency .
since the beginning of this year , various departments in guangxi have launched activities to transform cadres ' work style and strengthen the building of administrative efficiency by organs in various localities , such as the implementation of the " three systems " and the " three systems " for investigating and affixing responsibility for the three systems for the management of the administrative efficiency of the 33 key departments in the autonomous region , which are directly under the supervision of the central authorities .
as of now , 619 people have been held accountable .
on 5 june , this reporter learned from the discipline inspection commission of the autonomous region that guangxi has preliminarily formed a system for supervising work efficiency in sanxia county , autonomous region , and municipality , and strengthened supervision over key departmental posts and posts , and the electronic supervision system in 14 cities has been integrated with the regional network .
the autonomous region 's administrative efficiency electronic supervision system directly connects with 33 major state - owned enterprises directly under the direct administration of the autonomous region that involve an investment environment and the people 's production and life , and further regulates the examination and approval behavior and improve the efficiency of examination and approval .
at the same time , discipline inspection and supervision organs at all levels in guangxi have seriously handled cases involving inability of the masses , so far , 1-769 cases have been investigated and verified , 584 units have been investigated and handled in accordance with the law .
ma kai , member of the standing committee of the party committee and secretary of the discipline inspection commission , said on 5 july that supervision of administrative efficiency is a work that has always been done with administrative activities , and it is necessary to gradually form a long - term mechanism .
guangxi should further improve and standardize various levels of administrative management , establish and improve the mechanisms and guarantee mechanisms for supervising administrative efficiency , and bring efficiency supervision into the track of institutionalization , further standardize supervision and inspection , perfect the complaint handling mechanism and efficiency evaluation evaluation mechanism ;
( by reporter wang lifang )
nato does not rule out the possibility of cooperating with the united states on the abm system
nato information officer simona and mansson said in an exclusive interview with xinhua on 9 august that the possibility of linking the us abm system with nato 's own defense system could not be ruled out .
the chinese government is willing to work with the nato to push forward the process of the talks , said simontana de mansoo , adding that nato is now studying the us anti - ballistic missile plan .
she said that nato has its own theater missile defense system and has begun discussions on the establishment of a strategic missile defense system , linking the us abm system with nato 's own defense system with the system is not possible .
she also said that the us plan to establish an abm system in europe would be used in time to exchange information with russia through various channels .
china is willing to work with the united states to promote the development of bilateral relations .
two jordanian people sentenced to imprisonment for plotting attacks on americans
two jordanian men were arrested for plotting to attack the american in jordan on 11 november .
the two men , aged 25 , were a mihi hokhar .
the court said that the defendant was also charged with illegal possession of duo yu - yu . during the raid , the police discovered a bulletproof gun .
the court had originally decided to sentencing the bearria to life imprisonment and later considered giving him a chance to undergo a process of evolution , and would be a class for eight years .
the indictment says that the two defendants decided to provide assistance to those who suffered from the american who were bullied and humiliated by the iraqi war , and therefore plotted to attack americans living in jordan .
in august 2006 , they hired a female female worker living in amman , capital of jordan , but after carrying out the attack , they were arrested by police .
the indictment did not reveal the identity of the americans .
the indictment also accused the two defendants of their plans to attack other americans , but they did not reveal details .
( by reporter su xiaopo )
the problem of bad reaction caused by the drug abuse and the depression has increased substantially .
according to a report by us media on the 15th , the negative reaction of the anti - diabetes drug and other heart disease has recently shown a trend of a big increase in the united states .
the us food and drug administration issued a safety warning in may this year , suggesting that diabetes patients be cautious in using word diya because the new journal " newcomer medical magazine " published on 21 may a research report said that this kind of cheating drug will greatly increase the heart disease incidence rate and the genetic digesis .
wen di 's tuo has therefore been closely followed by the doctors and patients .
statistics show that about one month after the issue of safety warnings , the us drug administration received 357 routine complaints against the harmful effects of michelle , 38 of which were fatal .
in january and february this year , the drug administration received only 50 and 73 cases of bad reaction .
these bad responses were light to bubble , with heavy stress on sudden heart attack .
however , drug experts of the us drug administration believe that the drug problem that has come to an unsafe conclusion is too early .
the drug administration will hold a seminar on wendi and yahoo on 30 july .
in 1999 , the wordy character and disia was an insulin injection , which was applied to therapy .
about 6 million diabetes in the world have taken or are taking diabeta .
wen di 's symphony glaxosmithkline has always believed that it is safe and has been a lot of benefit for the patients .
us wants to resume middle east peace talks
us president bush issued a statement in washington on 16 february calling for holding a meeting this fall on the palestine - israel issue , inviting israeli hosni mubarak , a peripheral arab country , and other relevant countries , to join in a joint effort to promote the resumption of the middle east peace process .
on the 17th , bush also called egyptian president youssef hosni mubarak and king abdul of saudi arabia , asking them to respond positively to the proposal and to support abbas , president of the palestinian national authority , with concrete actions , and help the palestinians and israelis resume peace talks at an early date .
abbas says plo central committee to discuss palestinian elections
on 18 june , abbas , chairman of the palestinian national authority , said in ramallah that the central committee of the palestinian liberation organization ( plo ) opened its two - day meeting on the same day , and the meeting will discuss the issue of holding the election of the palestinian national authority and the legislative council ahead of schedule .
abbas met with eu foreign minister and trade minister jose manuel barroso at the presidential palace in ramallah on the same day and said that if the plo central committee would make relevant decisions , the president would have the right to release the legacy of the central committee and order it would be a " strong order " .
at the same time , abbas was satisfied with the relations between the palestinian national authority and the european union .
he said that pakistan welcomes the eu 's understanding of the measures taken by the palestinian president .
abbas urged the european union to continue providing humanitarian aid to the palestinian people in gaza .
the eu reiterated its support for abbas and the palestinian people .
he said : the middle east issue is related to the un security council , the united states and russia , and will hold a meeting on 19 february to discuss the issue of restarting the middle east peace process . in the next few days , there may be proposals .
the eu has a strong sense of responsibility for the deployment of international forces in gaza , but it still needs to discuss with other parties , especially with the united nations .
( by reporter wang ju )
jiangxi will provide a 30 - year - long public health talent award for rural areas
for a long time , a large number of health and technical personnel have been set aside in rural areas , and have done a lot of work and done a good job in the health of the grassroots and the masses of peasants .
jiangxi province recently decided to conduct a special - topic education for health specialists in rural areas with a capacity of 30 years and to award them to rural health work for 30 years .
according to the health department of jiangxi province , the health department of the province has a unique medical background for the health and medical professions at the township and town health centers run by the government , and has a college degree of secondary education and junior health specialties of special medical and health skills . all the special medical and technical personnel who have been engaged in medical and health work in duan village of the town health hospital or merged with the local health care and security teams in the town or township
the final final calculation period of the first batch was at the end of july .
as for qualified rural health personnel , jiangxi province has promulgated 30 years of honorary awards for rural health work , which has been awarded a college award for 30 years . moreover , it has also given priority to giving priority to and appropriately tilted preferential treatment to those enterprises in the selection of qualified personnel for examination and assessment .
high level professional examinations are independent and qualified , and the evaluation is based on actual work ability , and the conditions for research and thesis are appropriately relaxed ; and the examination is not done at all ; and after qualification is obtained , priority is given to projects .
the jiangxi provincial health department will arrange for a certain number of vacationers every year to provide financial aid .
starting this year , jiangxi will launch a large - scale rural public health work of every two years , which will be awarded a honeycomb award for 30 years of rural health work .
( by reporter li meijuan )
us defense department reconsiders reducing us forces in europe
on 23 march , a us defense department official said that due to changes in the iraq war and the world situation , the us defense department is now reconsidering plans to cut the number of us troops stationed in europe by about half .
the us media quoted a defense ministry official as saying that because the iraq war is still going on and the us - russian and iranian relations have deteriorated , the defense department has been setting doubts on the feasibility of reducing the european troops stationed in iraq .
when ren ren , defense secretary rumsfeld announced that the united states would send troops to europe by 2012 from the original 11 , to the present level of the number of people stationed in europe , to seven , and to build a new - type army with a unique skill of winning both the rank and file and the rank of servicemen .
at present , the total strength of the us forces stationed in europe has been reduced to some level .
however , in june this year , duke , commander of the us european command , submitted a report to the current defense minister , asking questions about the above - mentioned reduction plan .
the report said that the us forces in europe and the united states were also reduced , and many of them were transferred to iraq and afghanistan in turn , thus greatly increasing the shortage of us troops in europe and unstable cooperation with european allies .
the report suggests that the us military plan should be stopped .
relevant us experts believe that the above - mentioned phenomena have shown that the iraq war has been delayed and the original adjustment plans of the us military have been disrupted .
the chinese government will continue to work with the united states to promote the development of the china - dprk relations .
traffic safety films launched in shandong 's jiuzhou city have been sent to public construction sites .
chinanews , july 26 ( by reporter song xuechun and fan zhongliang )
in order to further deepen the urban civilization , the three levels of urban transportation have increased the awareness of the rule of law in traffic and the awareness of traffic safety of the vast number of residents , and have strengthened their consciousness of observing the law in urban areas from 20 july to august ( 1 july ) . the jiaoyu city group has been conducting a three - stage discussion in the " jingjia " square in the city of nanjing , and tuantuantuo , the town of nan@@
before the film was launched , the shijie group will publish the book " shiye protection -- a letter to the broad masses of citizens , " and some propaganda materials to the public , and broadcast the " mysterious warnings of life " and " road - based " traffic police . "
in the film , the audience was shocked and touched . one after another , the scene of fate greatly warns us .
in particular , the special film " going to school " has been written through a streamer form , which has enabled both a comeback and a love to read , and has also received profound education .
the film attracted more than 3,000 residents around the square to watch , especially some shijie young and middle - aged workers from jiuzhou , sitting in the center of the venue to watch the film with relish interest .
the film was sent to the community ( ju ) to carry out activities on construction sites , so that the masses of people were able to enjoy the film while they were in nice and were educated in a profound traffic safety education , and were welcomed by the public , especially the new citizens .
the ministry of health : the food and beverage industry will gradually implement a system of public health supervision and notice .
in order to better implement the " food hygiene law " and the " regulations on further strengthening food safety work , " the ministry of health has separately issued a notice on the implementation of the " food safety law " in haidian district of beijing municipality , wuzhouzhou city of jiangsu province , hangzhou city of henan province , hubei province , hainan province , and xixian county of hainan province , and has conducted a " public food and beverage supervision " in 10 places of sichuan province .
this system will also be gradually moved across the country .
the food and beverage hygiene supervision system is based on the supervision of daily health .
according to the ministry , the public notice chart will adopt a unified straw and a nine - hour inspection results as stipulated by the ministry of health . the results of the comprehensive evaluation of the results of the on - site inspection of the name of sanitation supervision , the organizations that are responsible for monitoring supervision and management , and the complaints filed by customers ; and will be posted at the entrance gate or customer 's entrance to the department of the security , so as to get a good understanding of
( by reporter hu qifeng )
the security council decides to extend the term of office of peacekeeping troops in ethiopia
the un security council unanimously adopted a resolution on 30 june to include un peacekeeping troops stationed in eritrea and eriya ( yeryrez ) for a term of six months to be extended to january next year .
the resolution requires all parties concerned to honor their commitments , exercise restraint , ease tension , avoid unctuous military activities , and call on eritrea to immediately withdraw its troops , its military installations , and its military equipment from the provisional security zone , and urges the municipality to reduce the number of additional military troops deployed in the near region of the provisional security zone .
the resolution requires immediate steps to bring the eritrean border committee into operation without any circumstances .
the resolution reiterated its full support for the work of the ethiopian border commission and expressed appreciation for the commission 's decision to hold a meeting with eritrean in new york on september 6 .
in 1998 , the eruption of a boundary conflict between eritrea and ernaiya caused many deaths .
in june 2000 , ethiopia and eritrea signed a cease - fire agreement in algiers , capital of algeria .
the united nations has been deployed along the ethiopian - eritrean border since july 2001 to oversee the implementation of the cease - fire agreement between the two countries .
china 's top legislator wu yianjiang said here thursday that the chinese government will continue to work with the chinese government to promote the development of the western region .
opening ceremony for all - china - made
chengdu , june 30
xing duoyu reporter reporting : in order to implement the cpc central committee 's instructions on building a harmonious socialist society and to coordinate with the building of a new socialist countryside , the whole people are both qualified and the olympic games ' main theme , enrich the cultural and sports life of the masses , welcome the olympic county level management school throughout the country , and open the battle scene in dushuangwu county on 30 july .
the six - day event attracted 10 county level - level men from all parts of the country .
according to the regulations , athletes taking part in the competition must be a duo , aged 18 or above .
all the projects of 2006 and 2007 were registered with the state sports general bureau management center , and professional athletes are not allowed to apply for the competition .
the competition adopted the latest " procedures " examined by the china association , which is divided into two stages in advance matches and final .
the competition was jointly sponsored by the china association of industry management , the chinese association of industry , and the china international sports travel company .
in recent years , the cultural and sports undertakings in shuanghui county , which has a yearold of history , have successively obtained the titles of county tuanxian county , which has been a national advanced county in sports for sports in the whole country .
in particular , in the new rural construction , shuangjie county has vigorously implemented the project of rural sports , and has integrated the construction of sports facilities with the beautification of rural areas with the practice of green and green , and built the stadium in rural areas and around the peasants , so that the sports service system will be extended to rural areas , and vigorously popularized and developed the project of " spring festival " with rich local characteristics .
three functions of modern military uniform
first , the function of identification .
different countries ' armed forces are different from different arms of services and important symbols of the people .
in the world 's military with more than 100 countries , although the use of military uniforms is basically the same , no country has the military uniform of the two countries .
second , it symbolizes function .
to a certain extent , military uniforms are the most important reflection of a nation 's spiritual outlook and also the most important factor in the military 's ability to fight a war .
after hearing the rituals and moving the uniform , the most capable of showing the experience of proficiency in military affairs , the most important thing in this respect is the tentative consecration of the beauty .
third , the functions of protection .
with the rapid development of new and high - tech weapons and equipment , the comprehensive protective functions of new - style uniforms have greatly improved the defense of military uniforms and anti - reconnaissance capability with the capability of defense against chemical warfare , such as radiation radiation radiation , transferring temperature , humble tunneling , and so on , and have become the most important issue in the development of military uniform .
( shi wei )
the party committee and organ of a certain brigade handled problems with courage and insight .
chengdu , july 3
she was born in 1964 , and she was born in 1964 . she was a native of the university . she was a native of the hospital . she benefited from her determination and courage in clearing the house of the party committee of the team . she was a native of yiwu .
today , more than 10 cadres from a telecommunications training group of the chengdu military region were joyously moved out of the barracks . they were members of the party committee of the large group army who had the courage to make a comparison with the hard work style of the party committee in solving problems . they were full of admiration and experience .
a few years ago , with the personnel of the company , some of the houses in the house of the group were unoccupied in violation of regulations , and the officers and men had a rather big opinion on this .
the group also cleared several houses and caused unclear obstructions . as a result , this problem became an old problem and difficult one .
if you have to do something like a lucky one , you will have no problems that cannot be resolved .
after the new party committee leadership group reached a consensus , principal leaders personally took action to carry out thorough cleaning of all problems in housing .
they are moving and moving , and they hope that the personnel concerned will understand the situation of the army building , the tuantuan , and the economic housing , and the relevant policies and regulations of the housing office , and show the party committee 's firm determination and principled stand .
some housing units that are not willing to move out of the unoccupied houses in other places should be promptly linked to the units where they are located and adopt corresponding measures to promote their own accord .
after two months of meticulous work , all enterprises that violate the regulations and occupy houses were removed on schedule . the cadres working in the unit were assigned to the housing according to regulations .
the party committee of the regiment has the courage to look at the hard work style and has also produced a quiet effect . several cadres who were not willing to actively cooperate with the organization have now expressed their readiness to submit their decisions .
qiao qingchen meets bangladesh guests
beijing , 9 jul ( jiefangjun bao )
reporter zhang shun reported : qiao qingchen , commander of the central military commission 's international military commission , met with visiting general chi oynun , chief of staff of the bangladesh air force , and his party in beijing today .
qiao qingchen said that since the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and bangladesh , bilateral relations have been developing smoothly , high - level exchanges have been frequent , and friendly exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been strengthened continuously .
both countries have a common interest in international affairs and in their respective countries ' construction .
the chinese side appreciates and thanks bangladesh for its support to china on issues such as taiwan 's tranquility and tibet .
qiao qingchen said that the chinese army treasures its friendly relations with the bangladesh army and hopes that with the joint efforts of both sides , the two armed forces will further expand the scope and level of their friendly cooperation and strengthen the friendly exchanges and cooperation between their air forces so as to raise the friendly and cooperative relations between the two armed forces to a new level .
the bangladesh side will make efforts to further develop the friendly cooperative relations between the two armed forces , especially between the two air forces .
he reiterated that the bangladesh government will , as always , adhere to the one - china policy .
before the meeting , qiao qingchen hosted a welcoming ceremony for zoo .
at the invitation of qiao qingchen , qi arrived in beijing on 8 july for a formal and friendly visit to china .
the seven - member military uniform designer is a guest of the china internet .
on 13 july , the reporter liu xinxin from yang baojin reporting from beijing : the whole army will successively change the " 7 th uniform " from 1 august .
tonight , the chinese military network invited shijie and shijie to be specially assigned to the military logistics department . chen jun , deputy director of the armament bureau ; and yu yifu , senior engineer of the military equipment research institute , were invited to serve as a guest of the china military network . this was closely related to the background and development process of netizens ' new uniform and research and development in the army and outside the army . this has evoked an echo in
the two guests are : the research and development of 07 style military uniform .
speaking of the changes in the new uniform , they said that the 07 - style military uniform was a classic duel , especially 97 - type military suit .
the most characteristic of the 07 - style military uniform is the reshuffle requirement of making itself a regular one and making our military uniform reach the level of coordination among the three armed services for the first time , reaching the standard set by the series of supporting systems , and bringing about a historic leap in the level of our army 's uniform building .
the two guests also exchanged views on the new style of straw , the rolls of the army , the shijie issue , and other issues .
this is a large - scale joint operation between the chinese military network and the new wave network of china .
the shuangxi city people 's armed forces department has upgraded its personnel and platforms for cadres .
zhu jiayin , a member of the central military commission and a member of the central military commission , recently visited jingjiang city , jiangsu province , and joined the ranks of cadres with special skills .
this is a major move taken by the military department to take into consideration the actual situation of their posts to exert efforts to raise the overall quality of the cadres .
at the beginning of this year , the party committee of the people 's armed forces department discovered during the investigation and study at the grassroots level that some cadres with special skills had worked for a long time and were not promoted at the same time .
therefore , they have adopted a centralized training method of relying on training for local party schools in accordance with the training program of local party schools , and have conducted regular training for special - purpose cadres , and have made efforts to solve such problems as a narrow knowledge level and a uniform professional quality among military cadres .
and in connection with the central work , boldly making preparations for the transfer of cadres to civilian work , and enhancing their ability to work posts .
at the same time , they have actively coordinated local organization departments and jointly formulated the " plan for competitive appointment of specialized - armed cadres " , clearly specifying that the armed forces minister must be a corps of provincial party committee members and no longer be involved in other posts ;
established a mechanism for readjusting and exchanging cadres with special forces , and made arrangements for some special military skills cadres who are not on a large scale and who are not suitable for the work of arming the armed forces at the grassroots level in a timely manner .
not long ago , chen yisong , director of the armed forces department of the xinhuo company , led the militia technical detachment to innovate and develop underwater ship technology , thus filled with domestic crawling , and was upgraded to the company 's director .
good will first still require good results
the result of the competition alone is 2 : 2 : 2 , which is reasonable , and also acceptable to both . the key is the process of the competition , and it is regrettable .
if iran leads by 2 - 0 , then the tune will be equalized , then the feeling of china being different . it will be very strong .
the good will cannot be good at the end , and it can be said that it is an old problem .
i often do n't think that in a situation of undue mobility , the general view of people is that china has not been perfect in its psychological quality .
this is indeed a result of not being able to move well and come out .
however , judging from today 's straw competition , it seems that it is not the case .
sun jihai , sun jixiang , shao jixian and zheng yizhi , kicked off the ball in europe , and li wei - feng and others were also old generals of jiusha . they saw many things and saw them in broad terms . according to reasoning , there would not be any problems with their psychological quality .
this awkward move was forced by the iranian team , and the reason is probably because it will soon be deployed in battle groups .
the iranian team is in a backward situation and the two are immediately led by the scene .
it was also renamed in the semi - game .
we should overcome the problems of being good at the beginning and not being good at the end , and we must accurately find the root of the problem .
as long as the problems are accurately identified and the methods of correcting the existing problems are not difficult to find .
they are afraid that they will be caught in a hurry .
if this goes on , it will be a big game , and there will be more old problems , and no talk about what everybody hopes for .
the ministry of public security awarded the second class class to the hospital of the guangdong border defense corps .
on july 18 , the shenzhen city of this paper
li guoliang reporting from huang ju : for many years , the hospital of the guangdong border defense corps has been making great efforts to help the masses in difficulty while providing medical service to the troops . the local people are greatly concerned about the situation .
this morning , the ministry of public security awarded the second - class qinhuangdu conference and the advanced deeds of supporting the government and the people to the guangdong frontier defense corps hospital . the meeting was held in shenzhen .
the hospital of the guangdong border defense corps has been taking the building of a harmonious society as one after another , successively established three special anti - crime teams in puji , shenzhen , baoan , and wuxi , which are specially targeted at migrant workers . the number of people from outside areas who are receiving a registration fee only requires one yuan . the inspection fee for the medical expenses can be 80 % off .
the hospital specially equipped a straw service car , which offers free medical treatment to migrant workers and has introduced a new system for rural migrant workers ' health service . it has only seven buttons per month to enjoy 12 basic medical examinations and support services .
this measure has benefited farmers more than 12,000 .
from a tuanjia , the hospital also started a large - scale tuantuo - tuantuan dianchi dianke , which has organized eight rounds of medical and eye care personnel to go far far to the jiangxi province , yunnan , and qinghai to the shang yao - ming , zhuanqi , and others to go to a health unit to carry out a free and nearest operation for nearly 3,000 cases of internal obstacles , so that the patient can see the patient
the armed police force has been changing its 7 - type costume since 1 august .
on 19 july , liu zhifeng , reporter zhang jianjun reporting from beijing : the armed police force will continue to replace the 7 - type apparel with one another from 1 august .
today , this reporter learned from the 7 - type apparel presentation ceremony and the straw movement of the armed police force that the seven - style gift concourse was often called " flying uniform " and " xizang " .
the suit is changed from the olive green , which is currently in use to the deep - olive green , with both her folk and pants seaming . her overall design is strong . on the setup of the number one model , it is used to the national costume standard .
female officers and men are rolling along roofs and roofs , and winter uniforms are switched from the linkage style to the linear structure , the spring and autumn often outfit , the traditional tune design .
the new name list is listed as a national defense military service chapter and a blue - ribbon , and the new label is designed with a new structure , a rotary structure , a brand - name brand , and a new - style structure . it has enhanced the recognition function of the badge and strengthened the beauty of the badge .
the 7 - type apparel of the armed police will be replaced in three years .
before august 1 , 2007 , the whole army , together with the army , were a military band called qi and qi wuqi , a military band , a military band , a military cultural troupe , and a military academy cadre named qiu fangfa , a cadre of the ministry of personnel and a soldier of the troops stationed in beijing . qiu shifa , a soldier stationed in the beijing area , was replaced by shijie shijie shijie and chang shijie shijie , and qi shijie
he was a native of the same unit in may , and a female soldier was promoted from spring to autumn .
it was a winter festival for the season .
december 2009 is winter uniform for soldiers .
they are not only required to undergo training but also have gradually replaced training with a seasonal period .
a certain base of the second artillery corps has started operation with a small , scattered , and tangible education area .
this reporter , xue bingjian , xu yiqing , a reporter from the educational organization of small , scattered units , has difficulty in organizing education and making seldom go through all kinds of self - study . this will become a history at a certain base of the second artillery corps .
the reporter recently learned that after six months of experiments , the base issued the " outline of ideological and political education " to cover the units of the base , which covers all small , remote , and directly administered units , and has already formally operated .
in order to promote the effective implementation of the " outline of ideological and political education , " the base organized its forces at the beginning of this year to conduct in - depth investigation and study on the current status of ideological education in small , scattered , remote , and directly subordinate units , and to influence and restrain the key issues of the results of the education , thus initially forming a new educational model in the area of cooperation between small , remote , and directly administered units .
the specific method of the cooperation zone is to break the demarcation line of the unit 's establishment and to designate a brigade level unit in a relatively centralized film area to carry out unified planning for education on the theme . units of different relationships are close to the classroom or have learned from a relatively long distance learning system for discussion .
adopting the method of combining the education with the practice of appointment through competition , we should make unified arrangements for the education forces , and the education hardware of the whole region should be uniform , and the data used by all units should be exchanged and the education experience sharing and exchange experience should be shared among education experience gained through education .
each cooperation zone has established a school for both education and academic actors and educational information collection .
on this basis , all cooperative areas have also established a large - scale education project called tailorun , a large education project , and an emergency - response system for reporting and evaluating the situation .
zhang shengmin , director of the base 's political department , told the reporter that establishing a regional cooperation zone for political education has reduced the waste of educational resources and deepened the results of education .
some political impulse is scared in front of officers and men of foreign units , and take the initiative to learn new knowledge and explore new methods for education .
officers and men educated have also been active in education , fearing that they will be able to tell the truth in front of officers and men of neighboring units when they discuss and analyze them .
this kind of thing , and the enthusiasm of the class has been effectively stimulated .
all of the sudden move - rotation squads of the north sea fleet were assigned to the fighters .
the red army 's second artillery corps , which was stationed in the north sea fleet on 17 july , has successfully completed a large - scale joint anti - aircraft drill with the help of the first - line soldiers .
luo xiangming , a grade - 6 noncommissioned officer , said happily that the leadership of the regiment was concerned for the fighters and made us deeply moved , after we returned , we must work hard !
organize grass - roots soldiers to move around , the first time in this group .
not long ago , yao zisheng went deep into the grass roots to see that some soldiers who were in charge of work were doing field repairs and repairs , which greatly moved yao qingsheng .
the soldiers working for their own selfless work should care for and cherish the soldiers and take responsibility for the health of the soldiers .
after studying the report , the party committee decided to allocate all the mobilization quotas from the higher level to the group , and all the them were assigned to the frontline soldiers .
a certain unit of the jinan military region has openly made its affairs known to the public .
jfjb carries photo of pla 's ' special assault group ' in the new year ,
wang weirong reported that on 25 july , the reporter learned from a unit of jinan military region that a piece of paper with a unit 's project bidding was written with a unit 's project bidding and financial expenditure , and promoted to the rank of noncommissioned officer , and other important matters , such as the company 's admission into the party , and so on , and so on , was hanged in a notice column on a certain number of other important matters .
according to political commissar su chengsen , this is a new measure adopted by the department to promote the system of opening up affairs .
huanqiu , a party committee of this unit , has formulated a " program for two - way supervision at the grassroots level of the organs " to make public the sensitive issues " in order to strengthen the building of party style and clean government . the party committee of this unit urged all major issues involving the immediate interests of officers and men to be decided . moreover , the opinions of officers and men of the grassroots units were openly published according to the standard of the procedure for handling affairs and the results of
the unit set up a series of large - scale military exercises , which opened up a panels on the rolls , and extensively collected opinions and suggestions from everyone .
at the beginning of the year , the renovation and renovation of the dormitory building of the soldiers started , the party committee organs extensively solicited the opinions of the officers and men , and then issued the information on the bidding and put into practice the open bidding system .
it has saved the money and won the support of the officers and men .
the practice of making things public and handling affairs justly has led to the formation of good practices at the grassroots level .
in this unit , grassroots companies , no matter how big and sensitive issues are , are they young and middle - level business people who go to work on business to get out of business and other daily expenses , all insist on making public the matters they receive and consciously accept the supervision of the masses .
( international ) research shows that the shock of the houses is related to two genes
london , july 2 ( xinhua ) iceland 's scientists have discovered that the two genes of the family have been caused by the shaking of the two genes , far higher than ordinary people .
according to the latest issue of the natural journal , caeshan company , a company that originated from iceland , has conducted an investigation and study of the genetic company 's genetic research personnel from the swiss - based swiss - based us and hong kong - based china .
the genes and heart shells discovered by scientists were different from a gene in the early stage .
the shock of the apartment was trembling with the most nervous one , which could lead to a sudden heat of heart and mess , and a tuantuan awu , which led to a sudden heat .
according to the " report on the nature and genetics " published on 1 july , the company of chiu company , a company of company translators , has also set up a research center on the chromosome of the 17 th human genome . they are among the more than one - third of the prelude cancer cases .
the study also found that one of the genes is to raise the risk of cancer among people while also lowering the risk of mesothic .
( sports ) us old men 's cup of the americas may retire after the race
xinhua news agency , maraapolo , venezuela , july 3 , by reporter jian liu
according to a report by venezuelan media on the 3rd , the 37 - year - old veteran gates keller said in an interview here that if the us cup could not find a suitable club effect after the competition , he would choose to retire .
suddenly , if the us cup finals last four to six weeks , i still cannot get a high level team 1 - 2 .
with the hengeer , the beaten barbader team fell into the german , and kiribati also left the multi - team that has served itself .
although kireller had a heart - to - heart income , he was obviously not worried about his family , and he himself is a duel . at present , as many as eight teams are interested in inviting him to run her .
however , this young man who served the western era , the imperial consul , and the german chess said that his final choice would be determined by his family , and my child was already nine years old . he followed me in three different countries and was very happy to have three different things .
in the recent gold cup tournament , kelly performed outstanding , helped the team win the championship .
he was still coach braladley , the head coach of the current american cup , but he could hardly hit his opponent with a boxing , and was a young guard with a gray of recruits from near - guard . he was not so sad as a famous opponent like argentina , paraguay . he had two matches . he had been kept in the tunnels seven times .
the next match against the colombian team may very well be the two groups of both sistana and caseer , who played the last game in this american cup .
( overseas chinese ) black strawberry smart cell phone to land in china market at the end of august
ottawa , july 17 ( xinhua ) according to a report by the " global post " of canada , after making efforts for eight years , the black strawberry ( the sanke of the canadian company ) has finally been approved for the china market . the first black strawberry cell phone will be listed in china at the end of august .
class ceo julian bob ballley said that he would visit shanghai municipality , shanghai municipality , and other major cities to introduce black - strawberry cell phone services to commercial customers .
the " global post " quotes a manager of the beijing office , saying that there are 8700g smart mobile phones with black strawberry to land on the chinese market at the end of august , and the price is about 700 us dollars , and now it has received 5,000 orders .
boucher said that the company had visited xi'an last week , and the listing of its hyone cell phone has caused people to pay more and more attention to its intelligence cell phone , which is the competitor of the city " onie " . hacker cell phone has now been sold in more than 100 countries around the world .
according to statistics , in the first quarter of this year , there were some 1.2 - million new black strawberry cell phones added , with the total users reaching 9,000 .
spain killed mongol , killed madame
xinhua news agency , july 7 , a spanish woman was attacked by a mongol . during the struggle , she got rid of a mask and discovered a secret of the hijackers .
according to local media reports on the 6th , the woman was found dead in a baker in valencia .
one day , a mongolian was inside a shop , and she thought it was a robbery and told him to take money in the drawer .
but the man did not get the money , but rather pinned the neck of the woman and wanted to get a grip .
she wanted to travel to ruins by dressing , but that man did not walk her , or did she kick her to neck .
during the struggle , the woman was dragged with a mask , but she discovered through her husband .
the culprit was arrested by police .
the victim told the media that due to her lack of feelings , she and her husband were going through the divorce procedures and they had two children .
13 pilots resign , wuhan airlines claims more than 100 million yuan in retaliation
xinhua news agency , july 11 th , wuhan ( by reporter yang and mi shuchu liu )
thirteen pilots proposed resignation , while shushijiazhuang , china eastern airlines , wuhan limited liability company , opened a huge compensation card as high as 105 million , which is the largest compensation so far .
the provincial labor dispute arbitration committee is now examining the case .
in may this year , 13 pilots of the donghang company put forward their resignation and were rejected by the company .
later , the pilot successively sent a labor arbitration application to the hubei provincial labor dispute dispute arbitration committee in early june , requesting the ruling to terminate the labor relations with the wuhan company .
donghang wuhan company received a circular and submitted an appeal , requiring 13 pilots to respectively pay the price of the unpaid workers in violation of the labor contract and to dismiss the labor contract from more than 6 million yuan to 10 million yuan , and to start operation at 105 million yuan .
it is learned that the pilots signed with the donghang air transportation company a fixed term labor contract , with the exception of the conditions in which the labor contract was suspended or the conditions for lifting , and the labor contract effect will continue to reach the statutory retirement age of the pilot .
the provincial labor dispute arbitration committee has listed this case as an appeal and case handling , and is expected to end before 8 august .
germany urges russia to pass russian border treaty
riga , july 12 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to further expand its economic and trade cooperation with germany , which is visiting russia , on tuesday .
schumaer and his entourage arrived in beijing on the same day for talks with his indian counterpart pascal . both sides discussed the relations between the two countries and the cooperation between the two countries . they also exchanged views on the development of russian relations and the relations between the european union and russia .
at a news conference held after the talks , steinmeier called on the russian side to pass the russian border treaty as soon as possible .
schsteinmeier said that the entire region and russia are taking steps to improve their relations . they have also been relatively slow . the process of signing the russian border treaty has witnessed the course of development of the latvian relations . however , the historic shadow may also cause the latvian - russian relations to retrogress again . he hoped that russia could pass the russian treaty as soon as possible to promote the development of bilateral relations .
on 27 march this year , after 10 years of negotiations , prime minister karvat and russian prime minister shinzo abe held a joint statement in moscow on the border treaty between the two countries .
on 17 may , the latvian parliament passed the russian border treaty .
according to a report by the media , the russian parliament will vote on the treaty in the near future .
dprk , rok to hold six - level talks
pyongyang , july 16 ( xinhua ) the united states has decided to impose sanctions on the dprk on the dprk , the united states and japan
the dprk and rok military representatives held military talks in panmunjom on 16 february . the two sides agreed to hold the sixth ministerial - level talks from 24 to 26 june .
according to a report by the central news agency , dprk military representative chao lin - su made a proposal on the issue of the " dprk - dprk military joint antiterrorism training " between yanping island and bailing island in the western waters of the dprk on that day and explained in detail its reasons .
he said : the establishment of joint ventures must implement the principle of seeking common national prosperity and common interests to the maximum , and the procedures for ensuring peace and stability .
speaking of the historic situation of the two sides ' diplomatic relations , pak lin - su said : to prevent military conflicts between the two sides in the western waters , the two sides should give up their respective sea boundaries so far , recognize and respect each other , and link the relevant dprk - rok agreement with the dprk - rok agreement and the international community - recognized agreement as the basis for consultations .
he said that the timely formulation of military safeguard measures to promote cooperation and exchanges between the dprk and rok is a historic move that the dprk military has always adhered to .
he said : the rok side should take military measures to ensure the safety of non - governmental vessels from the dprk side to the south from haizhou port and the south of the strait of jinzhou .
this is the second round of the six - party talks on military affairs held recently between the dprk and the rok since 10 july .
the fifth inter - governmental talks between the dprk and the rok were held on the sidelines of the chungshan on 8 and 11 may .
hyundai motor denies intention to purchase wolfowitz
seoul , july 18 ( xinhua ) the spokesman of the hyundai motor company said in seoul on july 18 that it had no intention of purchasing any brand under the company 's name , wolfowitz .
the sunday times and the new york times reported that the republican party , which might sell wal - woo .
the sunday times reported that the united states has been " very interested " in the development of hyundai motor in south korea .
a spokesman for hyundai said that we are very concerned about the acquisition of volchia or luhu , and are busy implementing our own modern expansion plans . it is fundamentally impossible for him to visit the industry .
in 1999 , the rolls were 645 - million us dollars bought from the swedish wolfowo group .
at present , wolfowitz and bankos are all subordinate to the top automobile group ( the tunnels ) .
in march this year , the us dollar sold its shares with the bag of the us dollar , which was once lost . last month , it indicated that it was considering selling luhu and the kritsuk .
( sports ) cuban crawling to stage a rope too short
rio de janeiro , july 21 ( reporter chen weihua and zhao tong )
the cuban delegation made a straw on the 21st , and the ropes of this pan - american games boxing will affect the performance of its fist .
according to the rules of the international fist federation , the rope that flies at the taiwan stage in the international competition should be 6.1 meters , but according to the cuban team boxing coach pedrdrrok . roke , the current pan - meiser boxing team is shorter than the standard of 1 meters .
roque said : " i have submitted a formal protest because this is not an issue affecting a country in cuba , but a matter involving all . "
rope too short will affect fists ' evasive moves .
he also talked about something , if he could not find a solution that could not meet the olympic standards in the place , he could find another place .
as we learned early as possible , we brought them from cuba .
the mexican and colombian delegations also expressed their satisfaction with the boxing ropes on that day .
colombian fist giulios dobes won the first battle , but he said : although i am not a winner in the first match , i have been defeated too narrow , and i really feel that i am not going to go to school .
dabao , milk , returned to export orders overseas
shanghai , july 24 ( xinhua ) yu shosong , yu lihong , a reporter from the guanyuan ( group ) company , learned that the sanjie rabbit , daban milk sugar , a port in shanghai , has resumed exports in the past few days . many overseas experience has also demanded order from the municipal government .
the guansheng garden is located in the city of fuhuan , a company in singapore , mr. lin qingrong , a few days ago . he said that because of the agricultural grain and bureau of singapore 's tug monitoring and testing the results of the baboos and dough , it can be sold in normal market . therefore , he demanded the order for the listing .
the suansheng company of malaysia , which is the first - ever boxing garden , has asked the kansai to immediately transmit a large - scale rabbit dull sugar from shanghai to malaysia .
the guansheng garden is also called the cornell garden , a hong kong food safety centre , in hong kong .
the hsbc trading company has received a notice from hong kong 's chinese language company , which decided to resume its sale of large - scale white rabbit crescent cakes in hong kong .
it is learned that the first large shijie rock cakes in shanghai 's port have been gradually restored to exports .
at present , seven large container cakes are being sent to singapore 's cophinternu .
british bomb threat : report
london , july 26 ( xinhua ) british police announced that in mid - july , it made a secret bomb threat from dushi duo yu - bustling in london on the 23rd .
the police said that this man is called " sidushi " and mike , aged 51 , is an unemployed person . he will be subjected to a blackmail and a bomb - making charge .
on the afternoon of 14 july ( ( ( ( pw ) ) , 14 companies in britain were suddenly arrested by police due to the bomb threat . the second day of the operation was resumed .
the name of the british people is the peak of procurement , and the 14 companies closed down the house of britain 's largest shiite business losses .
british police later conducted a criminal investigation into the bomb threat and announced that there was no terrorist activity in the incident , but behind the incident there may be some economic motives .
( sports ) the transformation period is a great leap in the beijing olympics .
beijing , july 28 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has made great efforts to promote the development of the western region in the new century , and has made great achievements in the development of the western region .
through technological means such as changing the flowers , researchers have found a good way to increase the flavor of the olympics .
the summer olympics will be held in beijing on 28 june . new varieties will be selected and developed . the evaluation experts have concluded that the application of the method of promoting control and cultivation , the natural application of different types of operation , and the different types of operation of the natural flower period can be opened in the same summer period and reach the best results in the august of the beijing olympics .
in summer in beijing , we can usually see more than a dozen kinds of sizes , most of them have long been out of thin , or they have not reached the level of coarse waiting .
after working hard , scientific research personnel selected 206 straw straw of the summer olympics .
the grand 2007 international festival , held at the beijing haiding park , was held at the opening countdown of the beijing olympics . the scientific researchers carefully cultivated a number of old advanced models who could not be naturally bloated in august , and will lead a group of famous flowers to welcome them .
turkish ruling party wins parliamentary election
xinhua news agency , july 30 th , by reporter jian wang ( reporter wang jian ) the election of the 23 rd parliament , which was announced by the turkish supreme election committee on the 30th , showed that the ruling justice and development party won 341 seats , and again obtained the right to lead the party .
in the parliamentary election held on 22 july , the major opposition party , the republican party , won the parliamentary seat .
the national action party won 71 seats in the election .
apart from the three political parties mentioned above , 26 members were elected .
the new parliament of turkey will hold its first meeting in august .
all members will be sworn in to take up their duties .
after that , the parliament will elect a new speaker through unconstitutional voting .
the parliamentary election was originally scheduled to be held in november , but in the presidential election at the end of april , the opposition parties voted against the only candidate , the justice and development party 's vice premier and foreign minister , and caused the presidential election to fail .
