the two victims were sent to the diane diamond hill hospital for investigation .
london , march 6 , 2007 ( afp )
the london daily times pointed out that the two diaries carrying princess diana died in paris in 1997 , and the two of them were found to have been a computer that had been used by the former chief of the metropolitan police .
the report pointed out that the theft triggered speculation by people that the computer might have a computer system that could be concealed by the former metropolitan police chief , sir stevenson .
however , a superintendent of the metropolitan police said that there was no sensitive information in the computer , or it was related to the investigation .
he said that sir thomas is a member of the british noisy armistice commission , and his office is located in the mount tai new bao .
the report said that the nozia police 's officers were in the last 10 days in a bid to trace the two cases of theft .
a fire broke out in the city from january 28 to 29 , including computer and cash .
the norwegian police also said there was no evidence to show that the two cases of theft and thaksin shinawatra 's work were related to the case .
he said that he was looking forward to the visit by princess chin - us , not to directly because of the car accident .
the royal corpse , burgers , ordered a further investigation into the evidence in 2004 .
the princess diana died on august 31 , 1997 in a tunnel tunnel accident .
after two years of investigation , the french police believed that the incident was caused by the drink driving and the use of the drugs , which led to the loss of control of the car .
the sri lankan war parties agreed to hold talks in geneva later this month
lulu , 7th ( afp )
the median peace process is a process of mediation , norway said , adding that the sri lankan war group agreed to hold talks in geneva , switzerland , on 22 august , to resolve the dispute between the parties over the search for an end to the decades - long racial bloody conflict .
norwegian peace envoy solheim told the tanzanian delegation after the liberation tigers in london that he had no intention to discuss the issue .
the norwegian embassy here said in a statement that the clashes in sri lanka have been caused by the dispute between the sri lankan government and the tamil tiger liberation organization ( eb ) , which demanded the norwegian government to assist in holding talks in geneva on february 22 and 23 .
the two - day talks will focus on how to strengthen the negotiations on the " three - no " cease - fire agreement that took effect on 23 february 2002 , and this agreement has never been fully observed by both sides .
the norwegian embassy said that the talks will discuss how to improve the cease - fire agreement , which is also the first bilateral meeting between the two sides in three years .
sohem said he would lead a norwegian team to participate in the talks , and the smooth return of the tiger liberation organization of tanzania , led by barsinkhan , the sri lankan government was led by health minister .
he said : this is a symbol of peace .
the key to resolving the ethnic conflict in sri lanka is to hold talks on the establishment of a national security council in japan in march 2003 , but the government of tanzania , the liberian tiger liberation , cancelled the original plan to hold the seventh round of talks in thailand in april 2003 .
du lin 's winter olympics unveiled the south and north korean representative team to join hands in the race
afp , great li dulin , on the 10 th .
the 20 th winter olympics opened today in dulin .
south korean woman 's speed skating competitor li baoa and north korean men 's style skating competitor han zhengjen , who served as the two national team 's head and deputy director respectively , led south gyreno north korean representative team into the winter sports arena .
this is the first time that south korea and north korea have held a joint olympic games in the winter olympics .
to reflect the development of bilateral relations in recent years , the two sides signed a memorandum of understanding on the establishment of a strategic partnership between the beijing olympic games in sydney in summer in 2004 and the summer olympics in athens in 2004 .
north korea did not participate in the " peace talks " held in the us 's salt lake city .
the korean peninsula was split into two countries in 1948 to practice capitalism and communism . both sides had a meeting in 1950 .
kansai north south korean leader held a peace summit in 2000 . after the summit meeting , the relations between the two sides improved .
the greek team is the first one to enter the country and will play a role in the 80 countries in the race , south korea is the 22 nd imperial court led by korea .
the japanese government and the japanese national volunteers team were the last one to enter the race . when the italian grand coalition entered the arena , the sports ground immediately broke into warm applause .
holmman was once indulged in a drug and was fortunate to have a quick and timely grasp of the pioneering work of performing arts .
new york , march 16 , 2007 ( afp )
the united states is generally recognized as one of the countries that hope to win this year 's oscar emperor , the movie king of joga : cold blood has said to the white house , the main male player of the oriental princess , mount hollywood , revealed that he was indulged in inextravagant habits in drugs and alcohol every year . luckily , he was succeeded in his career .
speaking in an interview with cbs news magazine , hawaii said that he was not surprised when he visited the sixty minute battle group of the columbia broadcasting corporation .
he was only 20 . when he just took up the stage , he graduated from the college of drama in new york and entered a society of five light and ten colors , and every day his daily life was fast rotating , and he finally became unconscious and lost control .
he was 22 years old .
the next month 's meeting of the president 's council of the european union ( eu ) , mr holland , will explain the role of american writer koo poetic , the famous poetic star , said elephant . he was considered the best in the opinion that he was most hopeful to win the title of the title of the leading actor .
before that , his superb performance had already been affirmed . he has already gained many awards .
the 38 - year - old actor said during the interview that if he had not been hurt before his name , he would not be able to change his habit . he might not have won the nomination of oscar .
he said that he envies those young people who were suddenly born in nineteen years old , who have been famous for money .
four traces of bird flu are now being stirred in europe and liberia .
brussels , march 16 , 2007 ( afp )
the number of people who have been trapped in the bird flu virus has been on the rise in europe , causing panic .
eu commission approves new fund for fighting bird flu in east china 's zhejiang province
the african countries have been working hard to catch fish from the eighth day of the deadly virus in nigeria , said the official .
egyptian officials are investigating a fatal bird flu case in a farm in the south .
european chicken markets are affected by the virus , and the large decline is slowing down . the european commission stressed that there is nothing to panic .
the executive committee is responsible for the committee on health and food safety , said dobreanjo , who is concerned about this matter , is understandable but does not need to react too much .
following the virus discovery points that were previously set up , three kilometers of surrounding areas and 10 km of warning zones , the eu executive committee again wore new regulations to remove the european - zone region where the virus was discovered , all listed as the butter region .
a us defense official who declined to be named pointed out that everyone was nervous and they were all very sick . they had been handling the matter from various parts of europe one day to night , and suspected that the outbreak had already broken out .
the european region has so far reported bird flu cases in austria , said the king of germany , he said .
romania found the 31 st case on the 16 th , the austrian elegant and german team of lugenocide cases have also been discovered .
the southern part of italy was killed in two ducks and the virus was caused by the first outbreak in the european region .
eu officials are most concerned about the imminent return of the migratory birds from africa .
the nigerian government is working hard to prevent the use of viruses in the african continent .
the nigerian government announced that all the poultry farms near the infected farm will be closed for the first time in the country , regardless of whether they are threatened by the virus .
the government of neighboring countries of nepal and japan announced that the whole country had entered a state of alert and had allocated $ 4 million for an emergency plan to monitor and monitor the border between nigeria and lithuania .
the newly established national emergency committee said that they received notification that the two countries ' alert was relaxed and the two countries ' border of turkmenistan and the territory of vietnam had nearly 400 birds and birds .
the business management of china 's electronic banking industry will be implemented on 1 march .
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese government and people have decided to set up a new branch of the bank of china ( cbrc ) to help the country 's banking industry improve its business management system and its e - banking safety guidelines
a spokesman for the china banking regulatory commission said that under the regulations of the management measures , the methods of examination and approval of foreign - funded financial institutions basically remain unchanged , that is , after foreign banks are permitted to open their internet banking business , the business of the banks should be managed by the branch in china .
to standardize the commercial banks ' activities of using the internet to develop their banking business , the people 's bank of china formulated and promulgated the " interim measures for managing internet banking business . "
a spokesman for the china banking regulatory commission said that with the continuous development of e - banking business in commercial banks , the interim procedures can no longer meet the requirements of monitoring risks in electronic banks . the cbrc has formulated two new regulations for this purpose .
according to a spokesperson for the china banking regulatory commission , the cbrc has made a decision on the qualifications of the safety assessment institution , which is different from the administrative licensing system of entry to industry or enterprise qualification , and is not an administrative license for evaluating the business of an electronic banking system . it only serves as a reference for the financial institution in selecting an evaluation institution .
as long as the safety assessment institution meets the relevant conditions and requirements , even if it does not have the qualifications of the cbrc , the financial institution can also employ its personnel for conducting an electronic banking safety assessment , but it should exercise its management according to relevant regulations .
the " regulations on management of electronic banking business " contains nine chapters and 99 articles , and they are respectively applied to change the risk management of 99 points of risk exchange and transfer management of business outside bao tong business , management of inter - border business activities , supervision over laws and regulations , and supervision over these activities .
the " guidelines on the assessment of safety of e - banking " consists of 5 chapters and 57 articles , while the head of the evaluation institution safety evaluations institution safety , the management and attached to these activities , and so on .
" mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu rongji , deng xiaoping on investigation and study " published and distributed
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the central literature research center of the cpc central committee published an article by mao zedong , zhou enlai , and zhu shaoqi , deng xiaoping , on the investigation and study of comrade chen yun , which was published and distributed recently by the central literature publishing house .
the investigation and study of the situation in a deep - going way , and the study of the theory and practice were conducted in conjunction with the reality , and this was a major theoretical breakthrough made by the cpc in leading the revolution and construction .
mao zedong enzhu , liu shaoqi , zhu jianqi , deng xiaoping , and chen yun , respectively , were commended by the older generation of revolutionaries .
the practice and results of their investigation and study are of great significance to guiding the cause of the party and the people to develop along the correct road .
" mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu rongji , deng xiaoping on investigation and study " was divided into three parts : first , the state of comrade mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation , who had made inquiries of the research and study , and second , the views of mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation on investigation and study , and the third part was written by mao zedong in the early 1960s and the third part by the third
most of these reports were published for the first time .
moreover , two articles on the last century 's china policy were also presented .
russia reiterates adherence to one - china policy
moscow , february 6 ( xinhua ) russian deputy foreign minister alekseyev said in a meeting with chinese ambassador to russia liu guchang on the 6th that russia upholds the one - china stand .
alexeyev said that russia has taken note of chen shui - bian 's recent reports on taiwan independence .
the russian government has consistently upheld the one - china principle and firmly supported china 's efforts to realize the great cause of national reunification .
last year , the chinese npc adopted the " anti - secession law , " which was the first to publicly express its support .
alexeyev said that the russian foreign ministry will issue a statement as soon as possible , reiterating the one - china stand , opposing taiwan independence .
chinese , us presidents discuss bilateral ties , issues of common concern
xinhua news agency , johannesburg , february 6 ( reporter chen ming ) - the fujian provincial overseas chinese lin yixing , a native of fuqing , china , left for home in the early morning of the 5th local time in south africa , after being robbed by local militants . on the morning of the 6th , he died at the burundian fangfang hospital in the south african capital of the capital of the capital of burundi .
according to a briefing given by feng yang , president of the federation of chinese communities in liberia , the incident occurred in the hualongkamu city , which is more than 130 kilometers northwest of burundi .
at that time , the owner of the store , lin yixing , had picked up the goods inside the room and prepared to conclude the business for one day .
at this time , three customers in the store , one of them , who took out the gun and rushed into the bar , and robbed .
the 40 - year - old lin yixing struggled with the scoundrels . the robbers opened a gun to lin yixing , and later fled .
the people in the locality who had been informed of the news rushed to the hospital to receive medical treatment . because lin yixing 's body had been tied up , all the blood emitted by blood transmitted through blood was sent out through throes . it was not stopped in time on 6 february at around 3 : 30 a. m . on 6 february .
on 6 february , the chinese consulate general in jenbao , wu defu , wu gang , and officials of the south african association of chinese fujian , lin changming , and others drove to the burundi government building in bandung to help the family members of the deceased deal with the aftermath of the incident .
lin yixing became the first person who was robbed by the abductors in 36 hours and also the first chinese to be killed in south africa this year .
( newspaper clippings ) shanghai : part - time personnel and college graduates become main players in hours work
beijing , february 7 ( xinhua ) the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau issued the latest hour of work in 2006
according to the statistics of the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau , shanghai 's hourly workers have exceeded 1 million , and the number of them is expected to reach a new high .
according to a report by the china youth daily , the proportion of graduates and part - time personnel of colleges and universities is the main component of the hour - work force .
through the investigation of nearly 8,000 hours of work , the number of people who worked in the company was over half , and the percentage of the personnel who worked in the company was 51.1 percent .
the culture level of part - time workers is generally relatively high , and is mainly engaged in relatively strong technical work , such as the translation and category of personnel , which is 81.77 percent , and the physical and mental quality of 61.6 percent .
high income is the reason why many people are engaged in work and work simultaneously .
it is understood that the monthly income of a few posts can reach tens of thousands of yuan , and it will be difficult to get , as it is said , translate , and the monthly income of an hour of work can reach more than 2,000 yuan , such as the wedding ceremonies for concurrent financial affairs .
to satisfy the demands of individual people to expand their knowledge is also a part - time job that is popular among the working hours .
for example , when a company is manager of human resources , mr. gu will be selected every week to work in the department for a particular foreign representative office .
mr. gu believes that the biggest benefit of a part - time job is to keep his knowledge updated and to be able to involve another area . of course , every month of 2000 yuan is a new one .
as some hours of employment threshold is low , the form of employment is flexible and free , and it is gradually being influenced by many graduates who are seeking jobs , and there are 14,000 hours of work , which is the highest proportion of graduates from tertiary education in the past three years .
shame me did not want to do an hour at the beginning , but i did a few months later , thinking that it was more than five nights .
university student huang graduated from the university , and the job he found was not satisfactory , and finally he hung up a famous guesthouse in the end . he used the piano to play background music .
what does i feel quite satisfied with the work now ? i 'm 100 yuan per hour , the environment is good , i am now going to do more .
it is understood that the hour work has become a job - seeking graduates ' accumulation of work experience , training college graduates ' skills improvement in communication skills , and increasing social experience .
the graduates are mainly concentrated on knowledge - based and technical skills .
the workplace and skills required are not high , such as food promotion and sales personnel , elephant personnel , and so on . after simple training , the unemployed personnel can take up jobs .
the data shows that the proportion of hours of work workers who originally were unemployed was 3.9 percent , of which the proportion of unemployed people in retail categories was as high as 68.44 percent , and the proportion of catering and drinking was 58.77 percent , and the average hours of work were 58.7 percent .
accompanied by anhui provincial party committee secretary and state council secretary ,
beijing , february 8 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to establish a new socialist countryside in east china 's hubei province , wu bangguo , member of the standing committee of the political bureau of the cpc central committee , said a senior official of the national people 's congress ( npc ) here today
from 6 to 8 february , wu bangguo inspected the work of wuhu lake in ma angshan , and other places , went deep into enterprises in rural areas , including institute of scientific research , and institutes of higher learning .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui has the advantages of linking the eastern region with the western region and connecting the northwestern region . it is an important agricultural region in china . it has rich natural resources , a relatively good industrial foundation , a strong scientific and educational strength , and an exceptional resources for cultural and tourist development .
anhui should firmly seize the opportunity of promoting the rise of central china , always adhere to the central task of economic construction , closely integrate the reality of anhui , and earnestly implement the central principles and policies in a creative way , and carry out the scientific development concept in the concrete measures and the practical work in the spirit of the central authorities .
we should sum up practical experiences in a timely manner , fully rely on the masses , vigorously support reform and innovation , and constantly open up a new prospect for anhui work .
we should actively promote the building of a harmonious society , persistently take the improvement of the work style of safeguarding the fundamental interests of the broadest masses of the people as the starting point and end - result of all our work , actively create conditions , and gradually resolve the practical problems of the masses living in difficulties in the process of adjusting and adjusting the relations of distribution , gradually changing the dual urban - rural structure , gradually narrowing the gap between urban and rural areas , and safeguarding justice and development , and
wu bangguo stressed : china has reached a new stage of development that we must rely more on to enhance our ability to innovate independently and improve the quality of workers to promote economic and social development . only by vigorously promoting scientific and technological progress and innovation can we achieve a leap in the quality of productive forces , and can we truly shift economic and social development onto the track of scientific development .
we should establish and perfect as soon as possible systems and mechanisms that are conducive to innovation , increase scientific and technological input , encourage patents and inventions , develop famous brands , speed up the transformation of scientific and technological achievements into practical productive forces , strengthen enterprises ' status as the main body in independent innovation , and constantly raise the contribution rate of scientific and technological progress to economic growth .
we should support and encourage technological elements to participate in distribution and establish and improve a system of statistics that embodies their ability to innovate independently , and study and formulate laws and regulations on financial and government purchases .
we should cultivate a sense of innovation in the entire society , vigorously advocate the spirit of daring to innovate and competition , and strive to create a good atmosphere for the emergence of large numbers of talented people .
wu bangguo pointed out : the npc has played an important role in ruling the country according to law and building a socialist country ruled by law .
to do a good job in the work of the people 's congress under the new situation , first , it is necessary to adhere to the correct political orientation , unswervingly take the road of political development with chinese characteristics , and organically integrate upholding the party 's leadership with ruling the country by law .
second , we should closely center our work around the overall situation of the party and the state and closely center our work around the major issues in reform , development , and stability and on hot and difficult issues of common concern to the masses , so as to constantly enhance the actual results of the npc 's work .
third , it is necessary to give play to the characteristics and advantages of the work of the npc , uphold democratic centralism , handle affairs strictly according to the law , and make collective decisions on issues .
we should adhere to the mass line , be people - centered , exercise power for the people , have the people 's feelings , and benefit the people .
china proposes to build new cultural heritage in the future
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a special committee to promote the sustainable development of china in order to enhance china 's international competitiveness , promote sustainable development , and achieve a leap forward in key areas , the state council issued the " outline for the national medium and long - term scientific and technological development ( 2006 - 2020 ) " on 9 february .
these four major scientific plans are the first of its kind to study the regulation and control of the roy rice research and development and the development and reproductive research .
the program points out that protein science is a major science in the life science science field that developed countries are engaged in fierce contention .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on studying the reprinting of major biological systems , such as the theory of genetics by the renault team , the rotary structure of biological structure , the white cereal function of biological genes , and the associated effects of such comedies and systems .
the outline also holds that the study of quantum regulation and control is of clear foresight and is likely to be carried out in the next 20 to 30 years .
china should focus on research on the carrier and the regulatory principles of quantum communications , quantum calculation , limited measurement system , and new quantitative effect .
in addition , the outline points out that nanometer technology has become a new strategic choice for many countries to enhance their core competitiveness and is also a field in which china can expect to achieve a leaping development .
in the next 15 years , china 's key areas of research in this field will include the capacity of nanotechnology , the production of modern products by modern products such as cereal , analogy , and biological technology .
china 's population growth is large , its birth shortcomings are many , and its organ transplant is seriously short , and the peak of aging is about to arrive , so it is urgently necessary to make breakthroughs in the theory of reproductive and development science and technological innovation .
according to the outline , the 2006 - 2020 focus will be on research on the growth of cells in cells , regulation and control , the emergence of genetic cells , and the maturity and retreat of human reproductive functions .
shanghai 's real estate price index dropped by nearly 7 percentage points last year
shanghai , february 9 ( xinhua ) the shanghai municipal government will allocate more funds to the real estate industry in 2005 , according to the latest report
according to the latest data released , the shanghai real estate industry index was down by a relatively obvious margin last year .
of this , the price of residential housing dropped 6.6 percent from the previous year , while the added value of the real estate industry dropped 4.1 percent from the previous year .
pan jianxin , director of the shanghai municipal bureau of statistics , said at a press conference that in 2005 , the average sales price of shanghai 's residential housing was 6,698 yuan per square meter , up 313 yuan over 2004 .
the total price of residential housing for the year was 9.2 percent higher than that of the previous year , and the rate of increase was 6.6 percentage points lower than that of the previous year .
the real estate industry added up to 67.023 billion yuan , an increase of 41.1 percent over the previous year .
in the outstanding amount of loans from financial institutions , the outstanding amount of personal housing loans was 264.494 billion yuan , and the newly increased loans were only 9.84 billion yuan , but the new loans in 2004 reached 27.28 billion yuan .
pan jianxin said : since the shanghai real estate sales price was over 50 percent of the total , the prices of commercial housing have been stable .
the report also shows that according to the latest data , the total population of shanghai 's real estate price increase will drop somewhat in 2005 , and the average sales price of residential housing will be 6698 yuan per square meter , an increase of 313 yuan over 2004 .
in 2005 , the housing sales price level was up 9.77 percent over the previous year , and the increase rate was 6.2 percentage points lower than that of the previous year .
according to him , last year , shanghai municipality completed investment in real estate development of 1.4686 - trillion yuan , an increase of 6.1 percent over the previous year .
the sales area was 315.887 million square meters , a drop of 9.55 percent .
the total sales of commercial properties in the year was 21.63 billion yuan , a drop of 4.5 percent from the previous year .
two light planes collided in new zealand
xinhua news agency , wellington , february 9 , two new zealand light aircraft crashed into the sea off the coast of wellington , about 100 kilometers north of the capital city of wellington , killing two pilots on board .
according to relevant responsible persons of local civil aviation departments , the two planes ' pilot were all pilots .
at the time of the incident , the two planes were in a non - air control zone . according to regulations , the pilot was required to respond to the airplane 's navigation and security conditions during flight in such a region .
a man who was on the scene of the incident told the new zealand media that when the plane collided , he heard the huge explosions and saw the plane crashing into the ground quickly .
another eyewitness also confirmed that the plane crashed before the crash .
at present , the cause of the collision is still not clear . local civil aviation departments will conduct an investigation on this matter .
chinese , argentine overseas chinese express strong condemnation of chen shui - bian 's remarks on taiwan independence beijing ,
xinhua news agency , buenos aires , february 8 ( reporter cao yu ) - the delegation of chinese nationals and ethnic chinese residing in argentina , the argentine association for promoting china 's peaceful reunification , issued a solemn statement on the 8th , condemning chen shui - bian 's recent strong remarks on independence , and opposing any attempt to split taiwan from china .
the statement said that chen shui - bian issued his " three noes " statement on 29 january , saying that he would abolish the national unification council and the national unification program .
compatriots on both sides of the strait have a long - cherished wish for peace and the demands of peace and development for development in taiwan .
the statement pointed out : we resolutely oppose and curb the separatist activities of taiwan independence , and safeguard peace and stability in the taiwan strait region is still the common aspiration of compatriots on both sides of the strait and of chinese society throughout the world .
the statement stressed that the argentine association for promoting china 's peaceful reunification is willing to work with all political parties and people of chinese descent in argentina who uphold the one - china principle , resolutely oppose any form of taiwan independence , and actively promote china 's peaceful reunification .
prc expert on us promotion of military threat against china beijing , 26 jul ( xinhua ) -- the us imperial champion has been married .
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a national committee to help the u.s. congress to approve the bill on china 's entry into the world trade organization ( wto ) , the first time in four years , according to a report
experts believe that this is a test of china 's normal national defense construction . it exaggerates the chinese military threat theory . it is an insult to china 's internal affairs .
the " four - year defense assessment report " is a new guidance document for national defense in the pentagon .
the 1992 - page report , which covers a total of 92 pages , uses three sections to expound china 's military power and the way the united states should deal with , and directly mentions china 's repeated appeals or reports of china 's appeals .
zhang junjiu , research fellow of the world military research department of the chinese academy of military sciences , said : although senior us officials have expressed similar views on many occasions before , this is the first time in the strategic report on national defense strategy that proposed by researcher china is the most likely emerging power that posed a challenge to the us military .
the title of this report clearly defines russia 's imperial elegance of china as a new strategic opponent , and in particular , has mentioned the so - called military threat from china .
zhang junjiu , research fellow of the chinese academy of military sciences , said :
it is worth noting that in the " four - year defense evaluation report , " the same day the report was formally submitted , us president bush also submitted a draft budget for fiscal 2007 to congress , which included the defense budget for $ 4.3939.3 - billion .
the luck , if added to the military action in iraq and afghanistan , will be added to the budget for the fiscal year 2007 .
peng guangqian said : the corrosion of the theory of the threat of other countries reflects the fact that the pentagon has consistently acted in its style , and its real purpose is to win more national defense funds and create a more favorable environment for the us arms industry group .
experts say that compared with the huge military spending of the united states , china 's national defense expenditures are quite limited .
he has participated in the drafting of china 's national defense white paper many times . deng hongzhou , a military expert , said : since the 1990 s , china 's national defense spending has increased somewhat , but the proportion of the national financial expenditure in the same period has declined .
official data show that the total foreign trade volume between china and 1979 accounted for 35.6 percent of the national fiscal expenditure for the same period .
china 's defense spending in 2005 was $ 244.656 billion , an increase of only about half of the us 's military spending . the us military spending per capita is only equivalent to about one - third of the us 's military spending , and the military 's per capita military spending is about one - thirty of the us military 's total .
jackson , the united states ' land area and china 's territory are roughly equal , but the difference in military spending is so huge , and who exactly is the military force going beyond the legitimate defense needs . this is self - evident .
" the chinese government has always attached great importance to the development of the relations with the united states and has made efforts to promote the development of the relations between the two countries , " he said .
the china arms control and disarmament association research department director teng jianqun said that the us side should objectively evaluate china 's military construction situation , and china 's peaceful development does not mean that china and the united states will become rivals militarily in the future .
the 2004 china 's national defense white paper says that china firmly follows the path of peaceful development and practices a defensive national defense policy .
china has not been engaged in any talks in the past or will not pose a threat to any country .
so far , china has not established diplomatic relations with any other countries , nor has it provided military bases to other countries .
professor huang jiashu of the international relations college of beijing university said : china and the united states should increase communication and cooperation through the established channels , enhance understanding and mutual trust , and comprehensively promote the development of constructive and cooperative relations between china and the united states in the new century so as to jointly promote world peace and development .
( winter olympics ) turin winter olympics opening ceremony to passionate
turin , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a new national sports federation in the country , the first of its kind in the world in the year 2000
on 9 july , the turin winter olympic organizing committee gave the reporters an advance information about the exciting arrangements for the opening ceremony .
regarding the opening ceremony and the organizing committee chairman carlos taiani , who is full of confidence , he said at a press conference that the opening ceremony has spent as much as 10 million euros and has gathered together top italian figures from all walks of life .
he said : on the evening of 10 april , people will forget that the meeting hall will be filled with a total of 35,000 visitors and a total of about 2 billion television viewers all over the world . it will be permeated with a great passion and successful opening ceremony .
the passionate flame flames were shining brilliantly on the fifth ring of peace , and the famous silk road of alps mountain .
the famous italian designer amani specially made a design for the opening ceremony , and the famous italian fashion brand , morkino , will present a grand ceremony for the guide to the athletes ' entry ceremony .
however , the famous italian male actor pavarotti will be the first to sing aloud at the opening ceremony , and the organizing committee will keep this suspense in the end .
eight people who could emit flame flames were killed in the battle , but none of them was killed .
an official of the organizing committee said that this was the most desirable creation in their opening ceremony .
as for how to lit the main torch , the organizing committee did not disclose it ahead of schedule , but the main torch bearer , 57 meters , will light up the dub and the nearby alps mountain .
white house announces bush 's plan to visit europe in march
washington , february 9 ( xinhua ) the united states and china have agreed to establish a joint committee to discuss the issue of the nuclear issue of the korean peninsula , said us white house spokesman mcclellan here today
mcclellan said that bush is looking forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he also said that he is now making a positive arrangement for this visit .
mcclellan made the above remarks when he held various demonstrations in some areas of pakistan to protest against the blasphemy of the islamic prejudice against mohammed .
in january this year , bush met with pakistani prime minister aziz at the white house , and both sides expressed their willingness to strengthen friendly cooperation to jointly crack down on terrorism that endangers the security of the two countries .
bush also said that at the invitation of the pakistani and indian governments , he will visit china in march and attend the third asia - pacific economic cooperation ( apec ) economic leaders ' meeting .
china : hamas to form cabinet to seek new breakthroughs
xinhua news agency , ramallah , february 9 ( international observation ) hamas has been trying to break through the political deadlock in the cabinet formation of its cabinet .
xinhua news agency reporter wang hao , huang
the palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) won the election of the legislative committee , how to draw a new government blueprint has become a major issue of concern in the international community at present .
what kind of new policy hamas will pursue directly affects the peace process 's future direction of the parties concerned .
at the same time , the us and israel 's boycott attitude has added to the prospects of the hamas government .
at present , all parties in palestine are stepping up their consultations and are holding consultations on the issue of forming a cabinet that involves difficulties and sensitive points in the development of the future situation .
the chinese premier 's position is a great challenge to the world .
hamas won the cabinet 's approval , and some people outside worried that mubarak 's government might be connected with the current supreme leader abbas .
moreover , the us delegation to the middle east peace process , which is currently visiting egypt , stressed that the new palestinian government , which was formed by hamas , will not recognize israel , and this tough signal has also aggravated international worries .
the united states and israel have explicitly indicated that they will not accept a hamas government with actual power and threatened to break off economic aid and provide economic aid to palestine .
however , this does not prevent hamas from making flexible tactics .
it is reported that in order to obtain international recognition as far as possible , the hamas , which has gathered in egypt , recently decided to choose independent persons from the sharjah islamic school board chairman jalema jalalalemi to take up the post of new prime minister .
this move has not yet been responded by the parties concerned .
palestinian analysts , hossein , said that no matter how much the premier 's position will be and which one 's family , the most crucial thing is that the prime minister should try his best to play down hamas 's tough color , and only thus can he guarantee the success of the formation of a cabinet .
the power is distributed in a certain sense , and the people 's thinking is being examined and discussed .
in terms of internal affairs , the most difficult issue facing the hamas cabinet is the lack of adequate governing experience .
the palestinian newspaper " al-ha'ar " carried an analysis , saying that hamas has gathered people through social welfare projects , but it has not been able to experience in governing and has nothing to do with the palestinian national liberation movement ( fatah ) , which has the ruling experience .
hamas proposed a new constitution after the election to establish diplomatic partners .
the fatah 's internal situation is still not clear about whether to join the cabinet . a faction advocating participation in the new government has thus done something , while the other faction refuses hamas 's invitation and is willing to make a gilt ruling in the legislative yuan .
the source pointed out that after abbas 's advice , the fatah leader gradually leaned toward joining the new government .
even so , hamas and fatah have also been engaged in a fierce struggle on the distribution of cabinet posts .
another way is to establish a legislative committee outside the framework of the legislative yuan , divorcing itself from the party - affiliated cabinet .
it is reported that hamas has also designed a clean expert model .
in view of the attitude of the united states and israel , the technical expert - type government has not lost its efforts to form a cabinet that can reduce external pressure .
according to the palestinian basic law , the new government will hold a meeting of the palestinian legislative council after the new legislative committee takes office on 16 february .
the armed forces are heading for a new stage of development
the weapons in hamas are the most important weapons to be used to establish a new government .
the attitude of the united states and israel is very tough , and they resolutely demand that hamas abandon violence and reject their armed participation in politics .
hamas leader mahathir stressed on 9 november that armed resistance was a result of the choice of strategy of the organization .
the armed conflict in fact includes the legality of weapons and the ownership of the armed forces .
hamas has been trying to win the election of the first - largest legislative party through democratic and free means , thus making it impossible for its subordinate armed factions to rise legidary of qassam brigade .
hamas once proposed that all factions be unified into a palestinian national authority , and the people 's army should be moved , but it has not received a wide response , and it has been attacked by the islamic jihad organization ( jad ) .
palestine now has 60,000 security personnel , and the overwhelming majority of them are from the fatah camp .
moreover , fatah also has some organizational relations that are slack in its organizational relations , such as tiger , al-aqsa martyrs brigade , court tiger , relinquishing , and so on .
the hamas , which is in charge of forming the cabinet , must hold talks with abbas on how to manage the armed forces of all sides in their own hands and distribute the authority for security management in a rational manner .
according to local media reports , abbas intends to take charge of security and intelligence units , police , civil defense organs , and other organizations , but is under the administration of the interior ministry of the new government .
however , all parties are still holding consultations on this sensitive issue and no progress has been made so far .
china issues first report on polar exploration
beijing , february 10 ( xinhua ) the chinese government and people 's liberation army ( pla ) have recently issued a " 2005 report on china 's polar expedition " , which is the first of its kind in 20 years of china 's polar scientific expedition
the " report " comprehensively reflects the chinese polar orthodox survey activity in 2005 , and elegant inspectors of logistics support science research on major progress and results .
according to the " report , " on 9 january 2005 , at 22:15 hours ( beijing time ) , the chinese antarctic expedition team of the inland icecap successfully climbed to the antarctic to the south pole 's highest icecap , the southern pole , and touched the southern coastal area by 315 minutes ( beijing time ) on 18 january ( beijing time ) . the highest elevation of the " ice " elevation was 4093 meters
competition is becoming increasingly fierce in the international polar region .
the director of the state oceanic administration , mr sun zhihui .
the " report " shows that on 24 march 2005 , the 21st south china pole expedition team successfully completed its mission and returned to shanghai . the current inspection lasted 151 days , and the voyage was 2,6500 nautical miles .
on 18 november of the same year , china 's 22 nd antarctic expedition left shanghai and went to the antarctic zhongshan station to conduct scientific examinations , and will hold a national defense science and technology study meeting before the end of february 2006 .
since it was the first time china issued an polar expedition report , the " 2005 chinese polar expedition report " also gave detailed explanations on the polar exploration project , which was started in the early 1980 s , and the results of the study .
according to the " report , " in 1983 , china formally joined the " antarctic treaty " and became a member state of the antarctic treaty organization , and successively became the third country of scientific research commission of south pole , which was discussed and discussed by the countries in the south pole scientific research commission , and other countries that most affected the south pole director council .
in 1997 , china became a member of the arctic science committee and won the title of " world leader " in international polar affairs .
the " report " points out that for more than 20 years , china 's polar regions have never stopped inspecting themselves , and have constantly developed and started to catch up with the scale of development .
the " report " says that by the end of 2005 , china had organized 22 south pole science research teams , two engineering college graduates , and three engineering teams , respectively , to conduct investigation on the platform 's bearctic scientific expedition of the northern pole elephant , and to date the entire country has more than 3,000 scientific expeditions of the yellow river .
we are now making efforts to build the third antarctic expedition station , and we are also the first inland pole observation station in china to make feasibility studies and research work , said jin ruchao .
sun zhihui said :
after more than 20 years of efforts , china 's polar expedition has been playing an increasingly important role in the world 's polar exploration .
he said .
sun zhihui disclosed that china will publish a book on polar exploration every year .
chinese , cuban fms meet in beijing
xinhua news agency , havana , february 10 ( reporter zhou zhengyi ) - cuban president fidel castro met on the 10th with visiting chinese state councilor chen zhili . both sides expressed their willingness to continuously strengthen cooperation in education , science , and technology and other fields .
president castro warmly welcomed chen to laotian state councilor .
he said : cuban - chinese relations are very friendly . high - level visits have been frequent , which have effectively promoted and strengthened friendship and mutual understanding between the two sides . he expressed the hope that the two countries will continually deepen their mutually beneficial cooperation in various fields , including education , science and technology .
chen zhili said : cuba is the first latin american and caribbean countries that have important influence .
china and cuba have enjoyed a long history of friendly exchanges .
cuba is the first country to establish diplomatic relations with new china .
since entering the new century , with the concern and promotion of leaders of the two countries , mutual political trust between the two countries has been deepening day by day , the scope of cooperation has been expanding , and mutual support and cooperation in international affairs have been expanded . friendly relations between china and cuba have entered a new period of all - round development .
she believed that with the joint efforts of both sides , the friendly cooperation between china and cuba will certainly produce more fruitful results .
chen zhili also pointed out that the chinese government has always attached importance to exchanges and cooperation with cuba in the field of education .
in recent years , the two countries have carried out close exchanges in education and have frequent personnel contacts .
china actively supports the cuban side 's international conference and sent a delegation to participate in the international higher education conference and the 2005 world anti - illiteracy convention .
cuba 's level of basic education is very high , and it is hoped that the exchange of relevant experiences will be further strengthened in the future .
chen zhili said : china and cuba have made remarkable achievements in scientific and technological research and development . through their cooperation in many fields , they can achieve mutually beneficial and win - win results .
the chinese side 's aid to cuba 's scientific research and development facilities this time is hoped to play a positive role in cuba 's scientific research and production .
she also briefed castro on china 's strategy of rejuvenating the country through science and education and the situation of the national conference on science and technology .
chen arrived here on sunday for a four - day official visit at the invitation of the cuban government .
during this period , chen zhili met with senior cuban teachers and students , including cuban minister of higher education vino , and inspected the construction of the university of information technology ( si ) of hawa university , the university of information technology ( si ) , the marti middle school , and the san maria primary school .
the accident occurred at the jingha highway and some sections of the road were closed
harbin , february 11 ( xinhua ) the chinese government and people have decided to set up a special economic zone in the southern part of the country 's southeastern province of harbin at around 2200 hours on february 10 , killing at least one of the truck 's most dangerous goods
according to the traffic police of the traffic police brigade of the shuangcheng city public security bureau , at about 2200 hours on 10 april , a three - lane collision occurred at 58 kilometers of jingha road . a passenger car named jingyi and a oil tanker collided with each other . a cracks broke out in the body of the tanker . the waste oil loaded onto the road .
it is understood that the fuel tanks carrying the fuel - receiving vehicles are carrying waste oil behind the production of coke .
the air was so dense as to fragments and was afraid of the fire that the vehicle might have been in danger .
harbin 's shuangcheng - bound section of the highway was closed , and many vehicles were bypassing .
at present , relevant departments are clearing up the scene , and the cause of the accident is still under investigation .
hk to hold talks with hk students beijing , dec. 26
hong kong , february 11 ( xinhua ) the hutchison whampoa company limited announced on the 11th that its flag was delayed , the company 's third listing plan was announced in italy .
and huo jianning , general manager of the huanggang group , said that although all the supervisory organs in italy have been listed on the market , since the procedures for listing in these companies must be completed in the next few days , the time is too hasty .
at the same time , the current situation of the european telecommunications market is not yet clear .
in view of the fact that shareholders have the greatest interest , the decision to postpone the listing of the stock market .
as to when to raise the shares again , fok said that it would depend on the future development of the european telecommunications market .
he said : from now to the time of further prospecting , 3 italy appeals to start extensive contacts .
according to another report , three italian tigers from around the world were investing in the asian financial markets .
chinese , us presidents hold talks on trade ties
yangon , february 12 ( xinhua ) the chinese government and people have been making active efforts to promote the development of the sino myanmar friendship , said chinese ambassador to myanmar kouomu tuo and economic and trade counselor tang hai in a joint interview with xinhua on the eve of myanmar prime minister soe win in china today .
" we have been making great efforts to promote the development of sino - japanese relations , " said the minister .
counselor tang haihai said : the frequent exchange of visits between the two countries ' high - level officials has effectively promoted the development of the economic and trade cooperation between the two countries .
the 2004 high - level mutual visits between the two countries have been frequent , and the two sides have signed 33 documents on economic and trade cooperation , and most of them are being implemented and implemented .
he said : the 2004 national defense budget was $ 1.140 - billion , and the us $ 1.209 - billion in 2005 , of which china 's exports were $ 935 - billion and imports were $ 274 - billion .
last year , china 's yunnan and myanmar 's trade volume ( including border trade ) reached $ 36.6 billion , up by 25.9 percent over the previous year .
tang haohai said that myanmar has become one of the most important areas of chinese enterprises in carrying out contracting projects . china 's main projects include power plants , bridges , wharves , and sugar plants .
chinese enterprises in myanmar start engineering business , which has brought along the development of china 's various sets of machinery and electronic products . myanmar has become china 's third largest export market for manufacturing equipment and machinery and electronic products .
according to chinese customs statistics , in the past five or six years , the volume of mechanical and electrical products exports has accounted for 45-5 percent of china 's total exports to myanmar .
tang jiaxuan also said : the burmese resources are abundant , and chinese companies have begun investing in myanmar 's oil and natural gas erection and other resource development projects . the sino - burmese economic and trade cooperation has great potential .
he expressed the hope that chinese enterprises will have a long - term view , learn to avoid risks , and make careful policy decisions , foster a good image of enterprises , and ensure the quality and quantity of the projects are completed on schedule , so as to win glory for the country .
the minister of foreign affairs and the minister of foreign affairs and trade of the tang hai - zou held that the forthcoming official visit to china by premier soe win is a major event in bilateral relations this year and will have a positive impact on promoting political mutual trust , promoting bilateral cooperation , and further developing sino - burmese good - neighborly and friendly relations .
it is estimated that the two sides will sign several agreements on economic and trade cooperation during the visit .
world bank to reduce debt of poorest countries
moscow , february 11 ( xinhua ) world bank president wolfowitz said in moscow on the 11th that the world bank will completely remove the poorest countries ' debts by the middle of this year .
wolfowitz held talks with chinese foreign minister tang jiaxuan , who is here to attend the g - 8 finance ministers ' meeting in moscow on the same day .
in his statement issued after the meeting , he said that the world bank will provide assistance to the poor by july 1 , and the world bank is now completing all technical tasks .
last year , the world bank donated a total of $ 2 billion in aid from 28 countries , and indicated that it would provide financial assistance to the trust funds concerned .
the imf 's creditor 's rights are relatively small , and the imf has raised its debt from the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz 's dismissal of 16 african countries ' debts to russia has also welcomed the decision .
the high - resolution digital television in the united states has gradually become the mainstream .
new york , february 12 ( xinhua ) the u s economy grew by 3.4 percent in the first quarter of this year , according to a report today
the newly started american super bowls , the american gown ritual , has become the most popular among the american broadcasting industry in welcoming the gaoqing era .
according to a report by the financial times a few days ago , the us congress recently passed a bill requiring us broadcasters to submit their applications to the congress on 17 february , 2009 .
this means that the television broadcast by us television has achieved a clear timetable .
the high resolution digital television popularization should rely on consumers to buy television sets and on the one hand , rely on the production organization to provide high - resolution digital programs .
although digital television has been classified as " the most popular " in recent years , it has never become a reality .
this problem has taken a turn for the better this year .
according to a forecast by the american consumer electronics association , the number of digital television sets will be sold in the united states for the first time this year , and the number of digital tv sets will exceed 850 percent .
japanese researchers have developed new highly efficient human - building kidney
tokyo , february 13 ( xinhua ) the japanese government has decided to cut the number of students from the east china sea to 1,500 by the end of this year , according to a report from the japanese university of east china sea today
according to a report by the nikkei industrial news a few days ago , the newly developed biomedical kidney is mainly composed of two parts , and part of it is transmitted from blood to acting waste and waterseparation , acting waste from the mug of the mug of the former mill , and part of the kidney produced by the former lieutenant general , such as using the blood to re - enter the blood , and the blood samples of blood of the blood ,
the corrosion of the tiger and the urine of the tiger was blocked by the skies .
this type of skin cells can make several blood transfusion diseases caused by blood transmitted through the analysis of the contaminated charlie mud , resulting in a death sentence of a great inmonella by subdue material and returned to blood . at the same time , it can also cause the grape of the grape juice that is essential to the body and the reentry of the body of the ore .
in the past , the human - made kidney relies on the penetration pressure to filter the waste and cannot completely dissolve it , and it is also incapable of making the amino acid and other elements return to the function of blood .
researchers use mountain sheets to conduct biomedical kidney transplantation experiments , and the mid - air silk of human - made kidney is used in the cliff of human - made kidney .
two weeks later , researchers confirmed that the human kidney had been able to function .
at present , they are developing and using human kidney cells ,
china 's power industry is still facing severe challenges
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the state council 's state power supervision and management commission said on the 13th that although power safety production remained stable in general in 2005 , the power safety and production still faces severe challenges .
the state administration of industry and commerce ( sic ) announced here today that the state power industry safety supervision and management commission ( cec ) will continue to implement the plan for the safe production of electricity in 2005 , and complete the work of the electric power grid in the summer .
however , he pointed out that with the changes in the power supply and demand situation and the successive emergence of a large number of new generating units , the safety of power production will face new challenges .
these challenges include : regional migration time scarcity and lack of electricity demand .
shi yubo said : with the deepening of the reform of the power system , many deep - seated contradictions will be exposed one after another . how to maintain the stability of the contingent of workers and ensure normal production order will become a new problem facing them .
in view of the fact that power production safety work in 2006 was being carried out , shi yubo said : we should further solidify the basic work in power safety production management , speed up the establishment and improvement of an emergency management mechanism for power safety , enhance our ability to deal with sudden incidents , and strengthen coordination and cooperation with power plants and power networks to jointly safeguard the safety of the power system . we should continue to do a good job in supervising and managing the safety of the dam
it has been learned that , in connection with the new situation in power safety management , the state council will inspect the implementation of the " interim regulations on investigation of power production accidents " which has been promulgated this year . at the same time , relevant departments of the people 's liberation army [ pla ] will also revise and improve the " interim regulations on investigation of power generation accidents " and also the supporting documents on the safety of the dam and the second system for safety protection of power plants . this year ,
china 's total electricity consumption in 2005 is 246 - 89 - billion kw - hours , an increase of 13.455 percent over the same period last year .
in the face of the situation of power supply and demand still being tight , the contradictions between coal , electricity , oil , and transportation are conspicuous , and various power enterprises have earnestly adopted effective measures to strengthen equipment management . last year , no extraordinarily serious incidents occurred in power production across the country .
the accident occurred 74 times , a decrease of 127 times over the previous year , and the accident caused 427 accidents in equipment , a decrease of 132 times over the same period last year .
south african envoy to china says no death of racial muster directed at chinese citizens
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a consulate general in beijing to help the chinese people in their fight against sars , said fu tieshan , charge d ' affaires of south africa , on tuesday
he also said that the south african government will do its utmost to crack down on all forms of crime .
fu kangning said that the south african government hopes to lower the crime rate to zero and make efforts to stop all criminals who work in south africa .
since 2006 , more than four chinese students have been killed in south africa , including four chinese living in the south african country .
the chinese foreign ministry has lodged representations with the south african side and reminded chinese citizens in south africa to further enhance their awareness of security and prevention , strengthen unity and friendship among overseas chinese , and cooperate with the police in cracking down on criminal activities .
lucky , we express the most sincere sympathy and condolences to the victims ' families .
fu kangning said : we feel regret about this .
according to the chinese embassy in south africa , the south african police have successfully cracked the case of the chinese woman chen jianqing , who was killed in south africa on 5 february . a suspect has been arrested .
the police are now hunting for another suspect .
according to the south african embassy in china , the south african embassy in china was suspected of shooting and killing hong kong businessmen in january this year . the victims ' property has been recovered .
speaking about the killing of chinese citizens , jiang zemin said : the chinese government has always attached great importance to these incidents .
the south african embassy tourism commissioner , mr nelson nelson , said that the embassy only provided more than 2,000 chinese tourists in the first 15 days of this year .
according to official statistics from china , south africa has invested more than $ 2 billion in africa by 2005 .
the volume of bilateral trade reached 7.27 billion us dollars , up 23.0 percent over the same period last year .
however , the tourism industry believes that the continuous outbreak of chinese citizens ' death toll in 2004 has had a serious impact on the number of chinese tourists traveling to south africa .
the total number of tourists in the country is expected to reach 300,000 in the first half of 2005 , up by 14.5 percent over the same period of last year , according to the south african tourism administration .
the chinese people living in south africa now have around 200,000 , and are spread to cities and towns in south africa .
analysts here believe that the gap between rich and poor in south africa 's society is large , the unemployment rate is high , and the flood of guns is high , there is no deterrent against death penalty , so the crime rate is still high .
since many chinese do not understand english , they have a cash relationship with their families , and this is more prone to become targets of criminal elements ' scheme for financial attacks .
hk to host international conference on english language education and training
hong kong , february 13 ( xinhua ) the hong kong special administrative region government initiated the movement of english from the country on the 13th , which aims to enable more working people to raise their english standard .
this hugely - educated english school , feng sheng life , and the theme of the times , includes , through a series of publicity activities , promoting the learning and training of workplace english and allowing employers to better understand how to help employees improve their english proficiency .
so far , the scheme has provided nearly 25,000 people with training courses on workplace english , enabling them to attain the relevant job types .
hong kong 's professional english campaign is one of the major activities of the government in 2000 .
the campaign will be launched in october this year , with a total of 160 people .
the scheme aims to help employers who need to use english in their jobs to train and participate in the specified international business english language examinations , so as to achieve their respective levels of work .
hebei 's aids testing and treatment system is free of charge
xinhua news agency , shijiazhuang , february 14 ( reporter dong zhiyong ) - the hebei provincial health department recently formulated and issued the " hebei province voluntary consultation and inspection plan " ( trial implementation ) , clearly specifying the criteria for the free labels of hiv testing and monitoring and the implementation of the voluntary labels for keeping information , hoping to discover to the maximum the number of people with hiv and to further implement measures for preventing aids and the policy of preventing and preventing the entry
the " plan " has defined the provincial system of voluntary consultation and examination of aids : the system of testing and consultation on aids is free of charge , the testing and testing of aids antibody is voluntary , and the information is voluntary , and the aids antibody inspection and consultation and secrecy are not subject to evaluation of the relevant behavior of the consulting parties , and the legitimate rights and interests of the aids patients and aids patients are protected and have been provided with corresponding follow - up services .
the " plan " calls for the establishment of a aids consultation and testing center at a point that is convenient to the consulting people , so as to protect the privacy of the advisers , there should be a single room , and one - on - one consultation can be conducted .
the choice of the consulting officer should take full account of the fact that he has a sense of knowledge and ability to exchange .
to protect the privacy of the advisers , the inspection leaflet can be used as a code or number .
the " plan " also demands that the health administration departments at and above the county level publicize the results of their work of voluntary participation in aids examination and approval in the local media and the telephone numbers of medical and health care institutions that undertake the voluntary examination and approval of aids in order to facilitate the masses to get to know about the relevant information .
the ministry of public security still has a special focus on extorting confessions by torture .
beijing , february 14 ( xinhua ) the ministry of public security 's police and police bureau deputy director zheng baiang met with the press on the 14th at the ministry of public security 's news conference , and pointed out that the so - called supervision ina did not use too much to give the criminal suspects appropriate ways of admitting crime in china .
the focus of the work of the inspectorate departments is also to prevent the occurrence of these problems .
he also pointed out that some international organizations are not satisfied with the law enforcement situation of the chinese police .
the latest information from the ministry of public security on 14 april shows that the ministry of public security has issued the " regulations on the retained measures of public security organs for the record " in 2004 , " the regulations on applying continuing interrogations by public security organs , " thereby ensuring that basic - level public security organs are able to apply and hold them in custody according to law .
since 1997 , the court has issued a series of laws and regulations to further promote the work of rectifying instances , such as extorting confessions by torture , abusing guns and police , and abusing mandatory measures ) . the police officers of public security organs have persistently carried out the work of handling cases of drug trafficking by the police corps , the inspector of police constable , and the public security supervision and control centers , and other primary - level law enforcement units , and have institu@@
to prevent law enforcement from the source , the police inspectors have further extended their coverage of the tentacles of law enforcement inspectors and stepped up their efforts to make inquiries about applicable py110 relay of death - enforcement cases .
hk to send medical team to taiwan in taipei beijing , dec. 26
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) taipei mayor tseng yung - ch ' ing , who was honorary chairman of the taiwan strait exchange foundation , was sentenced to four years ' imprisonment for his acute heart infections and respiratory failure and physiological failure early in the morning of the 15th , after being treated in taipei .
sun yun - suan was born on 11 november 1913 in donglai , shandong , and he was a professor of the electrical engineering department of harbin industrial university .
it was the first time for the kmt to make a distinction between the 10 th and the 13 th cpc central committee , the 11 th central committee member , and the 14 th central committee of assessment , and the 15 th central committee of assessment .
he was once director of the transportation section of the taiwan authorities , director of the zhejian administrative affairs bureau , and others .
heilongjiang to promote the construction of the songhua river water pollution ecological environment impact assessment and countermeasures
harbin , february 16 ( xinhua ) the state council has decided to build a water - saving and dry - up line in the songhua river and to merge the river into the river - based monitoring and pollution prevention and control work in the dry period
the reporter learned from the heilongjiang provincial environmental protection bureau that a special task team headed by the state environmental protection administration , namely , the erhu songhua river , which is a major pollution incident , and the countermeasures , has decided to start with 15 special projects , which are divided into three parts , namely , an emergency environment assessment and evaluation of countermeasures for ecology , assessment , and control of human health pollution control project , and the comprehensive remedy technology . the specific time of implementing these measures
currently , there are 10 scientific research institutes in heilongjiang province , totaling more than 60 people , undertaking 14 research projects .
it was learned that the environmental protection departments and relevant scientific research institutions will conduct a series of studies on the emergency environment assessment and countermeasures for the incident , and strive to solve problems of environmental protection which the masses are concerned about most by the masses first .
these include mainly controlling the inflammable concentration of pollutants and predicting pollution from total exports of goods , which will cause serious damage to the safety of consuming products of the songhua river , evaluating the impact of diverting water from both sides of the river and the safety of water supply to the land , and evaluating the safety of water supply and water supply to cities , and the emergency treatment of emergency treatment of emergency treatment of the frozen pollutants and
heilongjiang 's environmental protection department will also increase the intensity of the environmental monitoring along the songhua river and seriously investigate and deal with the serious pollution caused by the illegal pollution of the environment .
heilongjiang will send environmental law enforcement personnel to supervise and guide the development of the environment in small basins in various localities , improve the comprehensive management of the environment in the gardens , including the improvement of the ecological environment in the huanhe river .
beijing university opens mourning hall to mourn academician wang xuan
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to cut the number of its troops to 1-1 through the 100 th anniversary memorial hall , which was set up in beijing
at about 8:00 in the morning , the opening of the haulang hall was not yet arrived , and dozens of people were already in the long line outside the entrance .
the reporter saw at the forum hall on the centennial of beijing university that the wall of the hall was hanging a black banner : the silence of king 's memorial service for academicians wang xuan .
the downside of the horizontal is a huge picture of wang xuan 's death with a large amount of bears . he wore a glasses , showed a smile on his face , and was refined and elegant .
the two sides of the remains were placed on the side of the walls with several trees , dozens of flower layers , and on the other side .
one of the wreaths , the couplets were written : silk flakes started in qin sheng 's zhonghua bridge laying foundation , and other lead and usher in the modern era of modern times marching blueprint .
the mourning hall was down and the atmosphere was filled with a heavy heart .
the crowd of those who mourned the memorial included leaders and teachers and students from beijing university , and friends from wang xuan , who elected as academicians , as well as many young people who were not compatible with him .
some of them held flowers in their hands , some carried flower baskets , and everyone was perplexed with a small white flower before their chest , slowly walking to the remains of academician wang xuan . they bowed their grief .
many people could not help but feel tears .
he was a deputy director of the state administration of cultural heritage . he was a senior alumnus of beijing university . he told the reporter that he had been a " falungong " practitioner in henan province more than 10 years ago . he asked professor wang xuan to give a report on scientific and technological innovation to the provincial party committee cadres .
academician zhao xun is a professor of the chinese academy of sciences .
beijing university law school 's jin ruilin and his wife wang xuan were from the same old friend who had been elected for more than 40 years .
a few days ago , he just left the hospital and insisted on saying good - bye to his old friend today .
during his message , mr. kim left his message , which could not restrain his own grief and disappointment , repeatedly took paper to seize the battle of parting .
he told the reporter that professor wang xuan 's life was frugal , he stayed in the house of tong fu , and he was already a professor , and he had already had a very high level of accomplishments , but he was still in a very small flat .
later he moved to the zetus , and in the 780 square meter area he lived there for more than ten years .
beijing university has given him a warm welcome and encouragement to his academician chamber in the blue camp .
mr. jin recalled with deep feeling : wang xuan was a " special envoy " from abroad during his overseas visit .
shang xingchu , he insisted that he did not apply for an academician , and that he was only able to fill out the signatures after several mobilization sessions .
mr jim said he was deeply moved by wang xuan 's attitude toward cultivating young people , he said many times that he is not only very happy to see what i have done but also to see what i myself has done .
mr. jin said : the age of 50 , wang xuan began to pay attention to cultivating young people . he has always stressed that we should pave the way and be willing to serve as a ladder for young people .
shun , this is a very successful scientist .
this reporter has learned from the beijing university 's news center that from 0900 on 15 february to 12:00 noon on 19 february , every day , from 0900 to 1600 hours , academicians wang xuan 's caves are open to the public , and they are being offered for condolences by people from all walks of life .
he is called the spirit of contemporary times and has been promoted by the chinese academy of sciences , academician of engineering of china , academician of third institute of science , professor wang xuan of the chinese academy of engineering , who died of illness at 1:33 hours on 13 february in beijing , died of illness and died of illness at the age of 70 .
chinese , us presidents hold talks beijing , june 26
wu bangguo attended the signing ceremony and signed the agreement .
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the national people 's congress ( npc ) standing committee ( npc ) chairman wu bangguo attended a meeting of the chinese npc and the chilean parliament in the great hall of the people on the afternoon of the 15 th , and signed the agreement .
the chinese npc and the chilean parliament have officially established their exchange mechanism .
it is reported that chilean senate president romero and senate president arsenault filipino recently held a meeting in santiago , the capital of chile .
according to the agreement , the two sides will , in accordance with the principles set in the communiqu on the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and chile , establish political dialogue relations between the npc and the chilean parliament , and hold a dialogue committee on a rotational basis between the two countries on a rotational basis to jointly promote the comprehensive development of bilateral relations .
chilean ambassador to china kaleirala attended the signing ceremony .
china to introduce right to protect information network dissemination rights
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a website to help the chinese government to help the country 's development , he said
" wang ziqiang said : according to the current law , newspapers and periodicals have published works that can only be stopped if the author does not use such statements , and newspapers and periodicals cannot be approved by the author . at the same time , they should pay for remuneration . the state copyright bureau specially formulated a work standard for transmitting newspapers and periodicals .
however , according to the current law , the newspaper and periodical publishing houses enjoy the rights of this legal license . at present , the internet does not enjoy the rights of this legal license .
according to relevant judicial interpretations of the supreme people 's court , the reprinting of the official newspaper and periodical licensing can apply to the internet , namely , short - term articles published on the internet . the author has not made any judgment or judgement that the internet cannot be used without permission . at the same time , it has to pay for remuneration .
however , the judicial interpretation has not provided for the standard of remuneration , so the use of these works on the internet is not paid .
c. - the rules on internet use of these short - term works that have been published are applicable to the legal licensing , and they also need to be confirmed from the legal level .
" we have not made a point of view of the matter , but we have to wait for the time to come to introduce this information network protection regulations , " said wang ziqiang .
russia 's military says georgian parliament resolution will not affect russian peacekeeping operations
moscow , february 15 ( xinhua ) the russian government has decided to send a special envoy to the united states to help the country in the fight against terrorism , a russian defense ministry press official said here today
the russian state duma ( lower house ) , cologne , chairman of the cis committee , made a statement on the same day on the resolution of the georgian parliament on russian peacekeeping forces . he pointed out that this resolution by the georgian side will undermine the stability of the situation in the region and will have an adverse impact on russian - georgian relations .
he stressed that the resolution of the georgian parliament has further moved relations between russia and georgia to the direction of deterioration .
he said that gregory 's accusation against russia is absurd .
the georgian parliament passed a resolution on the same day , calling on the russian peacekeeping forces to stop their peacekeeping operations in south ossetia , but it did not set a specific deadline for the withdrawal of russian peacekeeping forces .
georgian parliament accuses russian peacekeeping personnel of failing to fulfill their obligations and has also listed russia 's measures in the conflict region as an attempt to swallow up georgia 's territory .
georgian parliament urges government to take active actions to consider establishing a security council in the south ossetia conflict region to replace the current russian presence in the region .
the georgian parliament also instructed the government to revise and determine the number of russian peacekeeping personnel entering the conflict - zone .
the south ossetia is an autonomous state of georgia , and has established a joint venture with the republic of north ossetia in russia .
after the disintegration of the former soviet union , it declared independence on its own and was in a state of confrontation with the central government of georgia for a long time .
at present , russia has deployed over 100 troops in the region .
this unit was established in accordance with the principles of the georgian olympic torch relay in northern georgia , the south ossetia , in 1992 .
the fire broke out at the hospital and four responsible persons will be sentenced to death and deprived of political rights for life for life .
changchun , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a special hospital in liaoyuan city , jilin province , to deal with the fire , according to the provincial hospital 's bureau of power
on december 15 , 2005 , the largest drug trafficking case in liaoyuan city occurred in the hospital , which eventually killed 39 people .
in this fire , the fire was covered by an area of over 5,000 square meters .
it is understood that this was the first time that the national medical and health system had undergone major changes since the founding of new china .
according to investigations , at 1630 hours on the day of the incident , the hospital of liaoyuan city suddenly stopped power , and according to the hospital 's circuit design , if the power cut and the power gates switch from the cartons to the deputy gates , the hospital would continue to maintain the normal power supply . however , the electric gates at that time did not automatically jump out . the head of the electric work squad , zhang diankun , had for@@
and the underground electric cables that run out of smoke , more than ten cables were unsealed in the same way , and the large - scale cables like this should be very tidy and laid down , and they should be put on fire prevention layers .
therefore , 57 - year - old liaoyuan textile company electrical installation team leader zhao yongchun was sentenced to death by the liao yuan electric bureau 's retired cadres ( senior engineer ) .
china 's rural tourism industry 's first tour of guizhou , a large - scale tourism event in tianlong ,
guiyang , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to build a new public housing project in the county of pingba , guizhou province , on the morning of the 16 th , with children wearing holiday - oriented gowns and faces fluttering with joy .
at 1030 hours , gu jinchi ended his activities and was greeted by his young trousers of flowers .
the village is one of the most important tourist attractions in guizhou 's rural areas and a national tourist demonstration area .
as the first large - scale joint military exercise in the ming dynasty , the esteemed man has started his journey , and the appeals of the people from the west bank have been heard for more than 600 years .
here , everywhere we can see the world - famous brand elegant blue rod dress , the ancient han culture , and the dressing gowns are in the villages of tabaoka .
it is understood that the village relies on this cultural and traditional advantage , and starting 2002 , it will develop rural culture and tourism , and only earns a total of 38 - million yuan in income in 2005 , with the village 's total rural sales of more than 47,000 rural tourist ticket sales through restaurants , traveling by traveling by traveling through travel agencies , etc. , the peasants ' per capita income has increased from over 1,300 yuan in 2002 to 2640 yuan in 2005 .
the director of the guizhou tourism administration , mr yang shengming , said that following the opening of the first tour of tianlong , there will be new arrivals around new rural areas , new experience of tourism development , and new trends of development . this year , various rural areas in guizhou will conduct tourism activities of 35 .
so far , more than 130 villages and towns have been launched in guizhou to carry out various kinds of rural tourism projects . by 2005 , over 600,000 rural households in the province have extricated themselves from poverty through developing tourism .
in january , the housing prices in 70 cities across the country rose 5.5 percent , and the shanghai housing price continued to decline .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has approved the establishment of a national financial system in 70 large and medium cities in the country in january this year , up 5.5 percent from the previous month , and the rate of increase has dropped 0.7 percentage points over the previous month .
shanghai housing prices continued to decline .
the state development and reform commission ( nbs ) announced on 16 july that the total population of 70 large and medium - sized cities was up by 1-2 percent in january this year , hitting a new high in the eastern coastal areas of hohhot and dalian , while the sales price of shanghai housing continued to drop by a small margin over the same period last year .
the same amount of statistics shows that in the first quarter of last year , shanghai housing sales prices also increased by 19.1 percent over the same period of last year . after that , there was a turn for the better , and the decline momentum was shown in the second half of last year .
in january this year , 70 large and medium - sized cities saw a rise of 6.9 percent in the prices of new commodity housing , a drop of 0.2 percentage points from the previous month .
the new housing prices were up by 23.7 percent in dalian , up by 34.6 percent in may .
the central organization department called for greater efforts to supervise the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres and cadres
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the organization department of the cpc central committee recently printed and distributed opinions on strengthening cadre supervision .
the opinions urged organization departments at all levels to proceed from the need to strictly manage , show concern for , and cherish cadres , and carry out cadre supervision throughout the entire process of training cadres to inspect , inspect , and supervise cadre cultivation , selection , promotion , and daily management , and establish and perfect a mechanism of supervision in the prevention work in good time and in rectification and correction in real earnest , so as to effectively strengthen supervision over the selection , promotion , and appointment of leading cadres .
the opinions pointed out : the main task of organizational departments in supervising cadres is to supervise leading groups and leading cadres , with the focus on strengthening supervision over the principal responsible persons of leading bodies , and the second is to supervise the selection and appointment of party and government leading cadres , with the focus on grasping the implementation of the " regulations on selecting and appointing party and government leading cadres . "
while supervising leading bodies and leading cadres , the opinions put forward the need to unremittingly do a good job in the education on ideals and convictions and the education on combating corruption and promoting clean government , and permeate the training , selection , management , and supervision of cadres ; guide and supervise leading cadres in strengthening their party spirit , in persistently building the party into a party that governs for the people , and in fighting corruption and advocating ethical governance for the people .
those newly promoted cadres should be referred to the party central committee and the state council for examination and approval .
we should supervise leading bodies at all levels in upholding democratic centralism , establish and improve rules and procedures for making decisions , and seriously implement the principle of combining collective leadership with individual responsibility for the division of labor .
we should focus on the supervision of the principal responsible persons of leading bodies , the responsible persons of organization ( personnel ) departments should often communicate with the principal responsible persons of the next - level leading bodies , understand their ideological style , work style , and other aspects .
establish and improve the system of day - to - day management and supervision of leading cadres , regularly make an effort to understand and analyze the ideological and work style of the contingent of leading cadres , and put forward opinions and measures for solving problems .
the practice of admonishing and distributing leading cadres by holding admonitory talks and by sending letters to the masses ; and the failure to promptly carry out admonitory talks or inquiries .
we should seriously investigate and deal with the outstanding problems that the masses have reported , and should take a serious attitude to investigate and understand them and those who have problems with them . we should also deal with them according to different circumstances and should punish those who have committed breaches of discipline and law , and handed over them to the law - enforcement and discipline - enforcement organs .
at the same time , we should combine strengthening supervision with encouraging cadres to boldly explore new ways and blaze new trails and pay attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the opinions urged that organizations ( personnel ) at all levels should earnestly strengthen leadership over party and government leading cadres in selecting and appointing them .
further improve the mechanism for recommending and nominating cadres , and make decisions on other links .
we should strengthen supervision and inspection of the enforcement of the regulations on appointing cadres , and seriously investigate and deal with acts that violate the regulations on appointing cadres , resolutely curb unhealthy practices and corrupt practices in the selection and use of cadres .
the practice of a system of supervising and inspecting the use of people in serious violation of regulations has intensified the supervision and investigation of the cases .
establish and perfect a system of investigating and affixing responsibility for the work of selecting and appointing cadres , and scientifically define the work responsibility for every link of the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres in accordance with the principle of rights and responsibilities , and make clear the method of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres ; and increase the intensity of investigating and affixing responsibility for the work .
we should give full play to the role of the masses in supervising the work of establishing and improving the mechanism for reporting cases in which people are safe and efficient .
we should give play to the role of supervision by public opinion and report to the news media on the relevant situation in the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres at an appropriate time so as to accept supervision by the public .
the opinions pointed out : we should further improve the work mechanism for coordinating and coordinating the work of supervising cadres .
organization ( personnel ) departments should strengthen their cooperation with discipline inspection organs , establish a system of responsibility in connection with the discipline inspection organs ' efforts to improve party style and administrative honesty in the area of cadre work .
and with the discipline inspection organs to earnestly do a good job in inspection work , improve inspection methods , perfect the inspection system , and improve the quality of inspection tours .
in conjunction with auditing organs , they have conscientiously implemented the system of auditing leading cadres ' economic responsibilities .
we should improve the system of internal supervision of the work of selecting and appointing cadres of organization departments .
hk to hold talks with taiwan 's new leader beijing , dec. 26
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government and people will continue to maintain close contact with the taiwan authorities in terms of economic affairs on the 15th
taiwan 's chung - kuo shih - pao reported that this was the case of chen shui - bian 's vigorous management of the establishment of an effective mechanism for opening up cross - strait economic and trade policies . after the taiwan authorities meted out punishment to taiwan businessmen investing in the mainland .
it was reported that the taiwanese economic affairs department would try the case , saying that lianhe power company was fined because it violated the articles in the regulations on relations between the people on both sides of the strait and the regulations on investment or technological cooperation in the mainland region .
in the future , the court will also judge the situation according to the circumstances before the case is confirmed by the joint power company chairman cao xingcheng and others .
huanqiu junshi started to rise in february 2005 .
the then chairman of the board of unicom , cao xingcheng , openly indicated that unitary electric had not violated any regulations of the taiwan authorities , and that the united electric power company provided assistance to ship technology was for the long - term interests of the united microelectronics company . if it did not enter the mainland market as soon as possible , it would lose business opportunities .
after that , the taiwan authorities started to make changes in the market by calling the financial supervision and management committee against the regulations concerning commercial information disclosure .
on january 9 , 2006 , the united microelectronics board accepted cao xingcheng 's resignation , and cao xingcheng received a total of 36,000 yuan in bribes after several hours of suspected involvement in the illegal investment in the mainland .
the united power and taiwan 's ( taiwan 's ) chip circuit company ( called " tai chi " ) and claimed that the crystal shuangfei of taiwan was a high - tech dragon dragon in taiwan .
the taiwan authorities have been trying hard to find a way to investigate and handle the unk power company over the past year .
hk to launch second round of talks on taiwan beijing , march 26 ( xinhua ) -- the second round of talks between china and macao has been concluded .
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the second plenary session of the 11th national congress of china in macao will be held in beijing on the 17th
this big pair of prizes was jointly organized by the macao foundation and the baihua literature publishing house , " the foreign edition of circulation " . the chinese writers association vice chairman chen jianli and others served as the chairman of the evaluation committee .
in 2004 , the total number of people in macao who participated in the fifth anniversary of macao 's reversion was still unknown .
macao sar executive committee member wu zhiliang said at a news conference on the 17th that last year , the historical city of macao was listed as a world cultural heritage list , and this not only signifies that the living style and community management of macao people have been universally recognized by the people of the world , but also means that the chinese nation has different tunnels and traditional culture , which is also applicable to the people of the world , has been inherited and carried forward in the macao
" wu zhiliang said : it is precisely under this good cultural atmosphere that the macao foundation and the baihua literary and art publishing house have jointly published a signed article entitled " the foreign edition of the elephant " and held the second term of the title of the macao grand prairie publishing house in my heart . i hope that the participants will demonstrate their patriotic sentiments and the unique humane and special administrative region 's image and its image of being a giant in the long -
it was learned that the competition ended on 1 september this year . the " contest for the foreign edition of prose and sea will open a special column to select and participate in the competition .
the results of the selection will be announced in 2007 .
shandong has successfully implemented a new system for transplant of infant cardiovascular disease
jinan , february 17 ( xinhua ) the beijing qingling yao qin production company of the jinan military region recently successfully completed its first batch of baby children 's heart transplant operation .
on the 17th , this reporter saw in the severely ill - treated custody room that the baby 's face crashed for 51 days after the operation , and all monitoring and inspection indicators were normal . after the operation was over the dangerous period , the medical and health personnel were enthusiastically playing with the toys that the healthcare personnel bought for him .
according to the doctors who took the consultation on the same day , this female patient from the tai'an village in shandong was sent to the hospital by his parents , and his whole body was green and purple and had difficulty breathing . after checking and diagnosing his body of cyanus chronosis heart disease , he had to transplant his heart .
the heart transplant operation is a most difficult one to breathe , the highest risk in the heart surgery .
in particular , the number of infants and infants under one year old in the country is still an empty talk .
the blood and blood disease research institute of the jinan military region conducted repeated demonstrations and careful designs of the operation and post - operation custody plan , which was in line with the blood vessel 's management methods and carried out experiments in animals .
on the morning of 28 december 2005 , the surgery officially began .
the heart of the body was taken from a man who died of an insolent chronic lung , and died suddenly .
the operation should be in line with six blood tubes , and the seedlings should be 510 needles , and each needle should not exceed three mm .
after 295 minutes , the operation was completely successful .
the state administration of safety supervision and administration : curb the frequent occurrence of major and exceptionally serious accidents , such as coal mines , is the most important task for this year .
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to send a special team to the accident site in the southern part of the country in the past year to deal with four accidents and more than 100 accidents , according to the official
the reporter learned from the state administration of production safety on the 17th that in order to truly curb the occurrence of major and exceptionally serious accidents , such as coal mines , the most important task is to ensure that coal mines are truly in the forefront .
this year , the state administration of coal mine safety and safety supervision will do the following three things well :
john c continues to play well
the walled bird flu vaccine will be eliminated this year .
if the gas blast did not start off , it would not be easy to draw but instead , it would be ordered to immediately stop production according to law .
john c continues to do a good job of rectification and closing .
we should make the public of the 5243 cases , and the number of cases that have recently been reported in various localities , the number of one coal pit that has been reported in various localities , should be completely shut down .
we should regard closing down as a regular task and should continuously close down those enterprises that may damage resources and pollute the environment .
jfjb : state administration of coal mine safety supervision strengthened
we must immediately correct the practices of stopping the skating state - owned mines and guiding the chaotic management of small mines , establish a standardized security management system .
in particular , we should pay close attention to key state - owned coal mines , and should never allow superb ability to superbly work and lead the production of codes .
this year 's production safety and control targets set forth the following : the number of people killed in various accidents nationwide dropped by 35.5 percent over the previous year , of which the coal mines dropped by 3.5 percent .
ten people were killed in one major accident , and the number of accidents should drop by 5percent , of which 7percent was in the coal mine .
these control targets have been assigned to the provincial - level people 's governments , and all localities are implementing these plans at every level and level .
the statistics show that in 2005 , there were 59,986 coal mine accidents nationwide , a decrease of 0.7percent over the same period last year .
however , ten people were killed or more than 10 serious accidents per year , and the number of victims was 66.6 percent higher than the same period last year .
( international ) barroso calls for more cooperation in future status talks in kosovo
xinhua news agency , belgrade , february 17 , by wire ( reporter yi he ) - - pristina , president of the european commission , said on the 17 th in the capital of kosovo that the european union ( eu ) hopes that all parties concerned will take a positive attitude in the process of negotiations on the future status of kosovo and make efforts to ultimately establish a democratic and multi - ethnic kosovo .
on the same day , barroso met with president of the interim authority of kuwait , serb ivanovic , and other representatives of the serb ethnic group in kosovo , and told the media that the parties concerned in kosovo should adopt a tolerant attitude and establish a democratic and multi - ethnic kosovo , a government that respects the government 's ruling power and protects the rights and interests of ethnic minorities , can be recognized by the international community .
he also stressed that the european commission will do its best to help kosovo 's development .
barroso also expressed his satisfaction over the progress made by kosovo in implementing the eight criteria for the democratic process put forward by the united nations .
he said that the implementation of these standards is an important factor affecting the integration of kosovo and europe .
he also called on all serbs in kosovo to join the kosovo union .
barroso arrived in kosovo on the same day for a three - day visit to china .
prior to this , barroso visited croatia and serbia and montenegro . he will also visit macedonia , albania , and bosnia - herzegovina .
( winter olympics ) rise stimulants news analysis :
turin , february 17 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to send a delegation to the united nations to help the country
xinhua news agency journalist gao peng ding
although italy has repeatedly issued an order , saying that the turin winter olympics was discovered to use the doping ingerprints , all the athletes might face jail disaster .
the turin winter olympics opened on 16 august .
the next day , the international olympic committee announced that it had sent leavova out of the winter olympics . she had won the title of " winter second medal " in this winter olympics .
the world winter bids league has won the second consecutive championship on the same day .
the ioc has been providing that athletes should be treated with a high standard of performance in the olympic games and that they will be eliminated and deprived of the qualifications for the games , but they will not be punished by law .
however , according to italian law , the athletes ' carrying and using stimulants are a criminal act , and the judiciary has the right to directly arrest and investigate the use of stimulants . they have the right to try the fa to become a lawyer for three months to three years .
in december last year , the international olympic committee and the italian government concluded their appeals for one year . they did not mention the price hike . the two sides agreed to hold talks during this winter olympics in accordance with the italian law on the use of stimulant by athletes .
after the ioc 's unremitting efforts , the italian side made a decision on the matter four days before the opening of the winter olympics , and promised that the police would not enter the olympic village 's residence during the winter olympics . however , the medical examination of the physique athletes will still accept investigation by the italian prosecutors .
it is reported that the italian government supervises the winter olympics officials , peres , and has already submitted a list of the eight candidates to the european union for investigation .
however , the ioc and the pastor have not yet confirmed this .
russia 's winter team team team , andre mir , arrived in beijing at noon on 17 august to begin a four - day visit to the country .
he has been a member of the world anti - doping agency for many years .
shi kangcheng said : the international olympic committee and the italian government have made remarkable achievements in fighting against stimulants in the winter olympics .
according to the previous italian method of stimulating the use of stimulants by the italian athletes , the number of illegal immigrants has increased by more than 20 percent , but it is only the worst sentence for two years of imprisonment .
therefore , the senior italian correspondent of the italian ansa , pascal pierre , said that the possibility of sending leava to jail was very rare , and at most it was fine .
pierre also said that although the italian court could hold a hearing of absence , the italian police could not possibly go abroad to send lena to bring him back to serve the sentence .
if leavova refused to accept the verdict , the italian side would have no way to accept it .
xinhua roundup : new epidemic site continues to emerge in countries around the world
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) chinese president jiang zemin met with visiting african president nelson mandela in beijing on tuesday .
the world health organization confirmed on the 17th that three areas of egypt had been found to have died of the avian flu virus .
in europe , france also discovered the corrosive virus in 5 , and european countries ' rotating african nations highly vigilant against it , and strengthened prevention measures .
the world health organization 's east mediterranean advisor , hassan bush , told the press on the 17th that the death toll of bird flu in the region of cairo , the who , and three areas in the southern part of minya , has been found to be h5n1 bird flu virus . relevant departments of the egyptian government have already started killing poultry suspected to be infected by the bird flu .
the experts pointed out that egypt is a country with the migration of migratory birds from the middle east and north africa , and it is highly possible that migratory birds can carry the avian flu virus into the country .
egypt has announced a ban on imports of live poultry from abroad and has strengthened border control work .
the two sides exchanged views on the development of the two countries ' relations and the situation of the two countries ' relations .
cameroon has decided to suspend its import of poultry from nigeria , which has been hit by the bird flu and suspend its import of poultry and pork from all markets along the border of the two countries .
the cameroon government has also built a special network covering the entire country within a short period of time , and the country 's basid center and national veterinary laboratory have also been in an emergency awaiting state , so that relevant departments such as the five - category virus can be conducted at any time .
in europe , denmark and sweden , the two countries initially ruled out the epidemic on 17 august .
the swedish institute of veterinary studies released a report on the death of the dead swan discovered on wednesday , indicating that the swans have no avian flu virus .
danish veterinary authorities have found no evidence of the disease , the official said .
however , the agriculture department said that denmark could not take it lightly .
romania has been in a state of emergency since the beginning of this year , and the world health organization ( who ) experts said in bucharest on the 17th that almost all parts of the danube delta region have avian flu , and it must take this seriously . romania may have a large population of more than 20 million in the next three or five years .
in bangladesh , asia , the government has taken all necessary measures to prevent the bird flu .
the government livestock services bureau has provided relevant officials with information on the prevention of avian influenza and has also organized poultry farmers to train their poultry farmers .
( newspaper clippings ) china 's first joint committee on blood information management opens in zhejiang
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the blood center of zhejiang province has confirmed the first batch of chinese - made blood information data management network system ( blood data management and control network ) has been officially completed and put into use in the center recently .
a responsible person of the blood center in zhejiang province said that this means that in the future , any citizen must be sentenced to death in any county ( city ) region of zhejiang by blood supply organizations , and there will be a unique and unique blood - bearing code .
the responsible person further explained that if the import of relevant code numbers are used to show that the insolvency ratio of the devotion of the blood is not yet available , it will suggest that it is not in line with the conditions for this blood donation .
this will not only protect the blood - donors ' health , but also effectively protect the lives of the blood - users .
in addition , when blood supply is strained , the blood donors and their families have the right to give priority to the use of blood . as long as you import the valid documents of the proponents , you can immediately display the blood donors ' information and are quite convenient .
according to a report in hangzhou 's " today morning news , " the information system has now been installed in all 36 major blood - collecting organizations in the province , and the blood - transmitted organs in the province can also display their blood resources in real time , thus realizing the shared data of the whole province .
to prevent another mountain - slope skating , 11 philippine villages evacuated immediately .
manila , february 18 ( xinhua ) philippine local officials said on tuesday that the 11 villages in eastern philippines had been trying to prevent a similar landslide in the country 's hillside .
the official said that the government had taken a series of measures to prevent the outbreak of the disease , including the outbreak of mountain - body landslides .
the 11 villages evacuated will be closed .
lyas said that the government ordered the government to leave the residents yesterday and sent another person to check the village 's house today because some people were not willing to leave the village .
on the 17th , the mountain slide took place in southern santiago , a city in the southern city of santa bell . from the television screen , the soil and stone tablets have been completely destroyed by the entire village . only by seeing several small houses of houses .
as the soil is very thick and very humidity , the soil that was buried in the bottom can survive .
so far 109 people have been found dead , and 57 others have been rescued .
it is estimated that the cause of death in this accident may reach 1,800 .
( overseas chinese ) minnan overseas chinese , quanzhou , southern fujian , reported a growth of 35.2 percent in the first month of this year .
fuzhou , february 19 ( xinhua ) the total import volume of the city 's foreign trade and exports in january this year continued to maintain a high growth rate .
according to customs statistics , the total amount of exports realized by quanzhou in january was 330 - million us dollars , creating the best record , an increase of 35.2 percent over the same period last year , which was higher than the average growth level of the whole province .
according to a analysis by the quanzhou city foreign economic and trade bureau , the reason for the high growth of the foreign trade in quanzhou in january was mainly because of the role of several foreign trade support measures in quanzhou , enterprises ' enthusiasm in exports has risen abruptly , quanzhou 's economic operation has been brisk , enterprise 's confidence in operation has been strengthened , and a highly efficient and unimpeded foreign trade development environment .
