the number of two tv sets that were sent into the filipino concubine was stolen .
london , april 6 , 2007
the london daily express said two diamonds that recorded the death of princess diana in 1997 in paris , were shot dead from the former metropolitan police chief 's office .
the report said that the theft case has triggered speculation that the computer may have a computer that is controlled by the former metropolitan police chief , sir cyril smith .
however , a cosmopolitan police spokesman said that there was no sensitive information or information to the investigating officers .
sir cyril is the chief inspector of the police northwestern police station in the united kingdom , and his office is located in the area of the tamil valley .
the report said that the office of the police of novosibirsk has been searching for two theft cases in the past 10 days .
a case of suspected fraudulent activities in computer and cash was reported to the police during the weekend holidays from january 28 to 29 , and the second case occurred last week , without any loss .
the northwestern police said there was no evidence to show that the two robberies were not connected with the work of sir stevens .
steven vincent has been tracing the cause of death of princess wales since the car accident was not direct .
the royal autopsy officer , bergis , ordered in 2004 to continue the investigation of the evidence .
princess diana was killed in a paris tunnel accident on august 31 , 1997 when she was in a car accident in paris . her love and family members , fayyad , and the driver were killed together with her .
after two years of investigation , the french police found that the cause of the accident was caused by the driver 's drink driving and the cart driving , which led to the loss of control of the vehicle and caused the tragedy .
the belgian warring parties agree to hold talks in geneva later this month
agence france - presse , lyon , 7th .
norway , which mediates the peace process in the habitat , said that the sri lankan belgian belgian belgian belgian belgian belgian belligerent group agreed on the 22nd to resolve the deadlock of talks which had been stalling for decades until now .
norwegian peace envoy solheim held talks with the tiger of the tamil liberation tiger in london after his meeting with barzinkhan .
the norwegian embassy here said in a statement that the clashes between sri lanka and the sri lankan government were the same as the tigers of the tamil liberation tigers , and demanded that the norwegian government assist in the two days of negotiations in geneva on february 22 nd .
the two - day talks will focus on how to strengthen the cease - fire agreement that came into effect on 23 february 2002 , and this agreement has never been fully observed by both sides .
the norwegian embassy said that both parties will discuss how to improve the implementation of the cease - fire agreement , which is also the first time in three years that the two sides have held face - to - face negotiations on a higher level .
somham said that he would lead a norwegian team to the negotiations , and that the four representatives of the tamil eelam liberation tiger group , led by baradei khan , while the sri lankan government was led by health minister .
he said : this is a small step that links the road to peace , but an important step . the process of negotiations is expected to be arduous .
the first face - to - face negotiations to resolve the ethnic conflicts in sri lanka was held in japan in march 2003 , but the liberation tiger of tamil eelam cancelled the original plan to hold a meeting in thailand in april 2003 .
east korea 's delegation ends in winter olympics
italian ( afp ) , daley , the 10th .
the 20th winter olympic games opened today in du lin , where the cold war era was rival south korea and north korea , and the two sides ' representatives presented their teams to join hands in the intake ceremony .
south korean women 's speed skating player lee bowla has a long history of contact with the korean men 's skating champion han kuen - jen , who is leading a team from both countries , leading a south korean team to enter the winter olympic games hall .
this is the olympic representative team from south korea and north korea , and for the first time they joined hands in the winter olympics .
to reflect the efforts of both sides to cultivate a good and reconciliatory spirit in recent years , the summer olympics in sydney and the summer olympics in athens in 2004 , the delegations from south korea and north korea both entered together .
north korea did not participate in the 19 th meeting of the winter olympics in salt lake city , the united states .
the korean peninsula was split into two independent countries in 1948 , which were a capitalist south korea and communism . the two sides held a joint military exercise during the korean war period from 1950 to 1953 .
the leader of the south tuu north korean leader held a peace summit in 2000 , and bilateral relations turned better .
according to the tradition , the greek team is the first country to enter the competition , with the south korea being the 22 nd unearn of the 22 nd north korea , the 23 rd country .
the landlord 's national yi team is the last country to enter , and when the uefa team entered the stadium , the sport immediately sounded a warm cheers and applause .
hefman had been a drug addict and lucky to wake up to the idea of creating a future for his performing career .
new york , april 16 , 2007
the most commonly recognized as the best hope to win the oscar emperor this year , the movie the waves : the white male leader , the star of the white emperor , the hero of the cold blood , and the disclosure of his own young man , who had been indulged in drugs and wine , luckily succeeded in being able to break the ground for his own performance .
in an interview with cbs news magazine , hollman , a loud sigh during his visit at 60 minutes , that time , in order to get drugs and wine , was indeed unscrupulous .
he was only 20 out of his head at that time , and just graduated from the drama department of new york university , and entered a society of five light and colorful colors . everyday life was rotating quickly , finally turning his head into a coma and swollen , and lost control .
he entered the lerketing center at the age of 22 and cut off alcohol and drug - taking habits there , which was the most panic of his life .
the upcoming oscar awards ceremony to be held next month will illustrate the role of american writer koo bodi .
before that , his superb performance skills had been affirmed and he had won many awards , including a special gold bowl award .
the 38 - year - old actor said during the interview that if he did not make up his mind to mend his bad habit before becoming famous , he might not have been nominated by oscar .
he said he admires those young people who were suddenly famous but famous .
bird flu traces four of europe 's nose and liberia are in a state of anxiety
brussels , april 16 , 2007
bird flu virus has been found in europe , causing anxiety .
eu executive committee has set up a series of control zones to remove regional control of countries where viruses are found , and to prohibit all poultry and birds from transporting them .
the region 's 5n1 virus has been found in nile and nigeria , where the virus has been continuously expanded to more farms . signs show that it has crossed the northern border and entered niger .
egyptian officials are investigating a sudden outbreak of a chicken farm in the south . they are worried that the virus may continue to spread .
the european chicken market was affected by the virus , which was dropping by a big margin . the eu executive committee stressed that there is no reason to panic .
the executive committee , the executive committee for health and food safety , said that people are concerned about this issue and they do not need to react too much .
following the previous rules for three kilometers of protection zones and 10 km of alert areas for the virus detected , the european commission 's executive committee has presented new rules to treat all european regions where the virus was found , as the tour zone , as the discovery of all the virus .
a eu official , who declined to be named , pointed out that everyone is nervous and has been quiet all day to night dealing with the " falungong " infections from all european countries , suspected that the epidemic had already broken out .
so far , there are a total of new records in german records of the erxon of germany , the romanian church , the stannes of russia and the russian territory in europe .
romania found the 31 st case on the 16 th , when slovenia 's lugensi island was discovered new cases .
in the south of italy , the virus was found on two ducks , the first wild geese in europe , and the 571 infection was unconfirmed by the virus .
what eu officials are most concerned about now is the migratory birds that will fly back from africa .
the nigerian government is stepping up its efforts to stop the spread of the virus to humans on the african continent .
the nigerian government announced that all the five - kilometer - long - range bird species in the infected farm area will be infected with hiv , and will be destroyed , no matter whether they are threatened by the virus .
the niger government of neighboring countries announced that the whole country had entered the state of alert and allocated 4 million us dollars for emergency plans to monitor and control the border of nigeria .
the newly established state emergency committee said that they received a report that , under the guidance of the border of the two countries ' songeasthma vagya , nearly 400 birds died .
china 's new regulations on management of e - banking business to be implemented on 1 march
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to issue a new regulation on the banking industry , according to a report issued recently by the china banking regulatory commission ( cbrc ) , and a guide to the safety assessment of e - banking , the ministry of banking and industry ( cbrc ) .
a cbrc spokesman said that according to the provisions of the management measures , the methods of examination and approval for foreign financial institutions have basically not changed , that is , after foreign banks have been allowed to operate online banking business , if the business of online banking is to be added , the bank should report the new types of business to the main reporting and examination branch within china .
to standardize commercial banks ' business on the internet , in june 2001 , the people 's bank of china promulgated the " interim measures on managing the business of internet banking . "
a cbrc spokesman said that with the continuous development of the electronic banking business of commercial banks , the interim procedures can no longer meet the requirements of monitoring the risks of electronic banks . for this reason , the cbrc has formulated two new regulations .
according to a cbrc spokesman , the cbrc has made a decision on the quality of safety assessment organizations , which is different from the nature of administrative licensing which is accessible to industrial or enterprise entry , and is not the necessary condition for an assessment institution to develop the e - banking safety assessment business , but is used as a reference for selecting an assessment institution by a financial institution .
as long as the safety assessment organization meets the relevant requirements and requirements , even if it has not been determined by the credentials of the cbrc , the financial institution can also hire it to carry out an electronic banking safety assessment , but it should manage it in accordance with the relevant regulations .
the " procedures for managing the business of electronic banks " have a total of nine chapters , which are divided into eight chapters : application and change risk management , exchange data and transfer management , foreign contractual business operations , cross - border business activities management activities , etc , nine parts , such as supervision legal liability and supplementary rules , etc.
the " guidelines on e - banking safety appraisal " consists of five chapters and 57 articles , which are divided into three stages : implementation of security assessment by organizations under evaluation , management and supplementary provisions of security assessment activities .
" mao zedong , zhou enlai liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , chen yun on investigation and research " published and distributed
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the publication of the book " mao zedong , zhou enlai , zhu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , chen yun , " compiled by the central party literature research center , was published and distributed recently by the central party literature publishing house .
conduct in - depth investigations and studies in reality , and persist in integrating theory with practice , so that we can formulate and implement correct lines , principles , and policies ; and it is the basic experience and basic work method of building revolution under the leadership of the cpc .
mao zedong , li yun , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xingyun , and other revolutionaries of the older generation had made important speeches on the investigation and study of the issue ,
the practice and results of their investigations and studies are of great significance to guiding the cause of the party and the people in developing along the correct road .
" mao zedong , zhou enlai liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , and chen yun on investigation and research " are divided into three parts : the first part is the speech made by mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation on investigation and study , and the second part is the collection of the articles written by mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation on investigation and study , and the third part is the three investigation groups and the special investigation team dispatched by mao zedong
most of these reports were published in public for the first time .
in addition , two articles on the " three represents " were written on the situation of investigation and study conducted by the central leaders in the 1950 s and 1960 s .
russia reiterates adherence to one - china policy
moscow , february 6 ( xinhua ) russian deputy foreign minister alexander alexeyev said here today that russia will stick to the one - china policy .
alekseyev said that the russian side has noticed chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence .
the russian government has consistently adhered to the one - china principle and firmly supported china 's efforts to realize the great cause of national reunification .
last year , the chinese npc adopted the " anti - secession law , " and russia took the lead in publicly expressing support .
alexeyev said that the russian foreign ministry will issue a statement as soon as possible , reiterate opposition to taiwan independence .
china 's top legislator calls for more cooperation with south africa
johannesburg , february 6 ( xinhua ) a fire broke out in a residential area in fuqing , fujian province , early friday morning , when he was operating a bar , local armed elements robbed him of the car .
according to feng yang , president of the free state provincial chinese federation , the incident occurred over 130 kilometers northwest of burundi , and a small explosion occurred at a bar in welkom city .
at that time , the owner of the store , lin yixing , picked up the items inside the bar and prepared to close the business for one day .
at this time , three customers were still in the shop , one of whom was pulled out of the hand and the other was rushed into the bar and robbed .
lin yixing , over 40 , struggled with the criminals . the scoundrel fired a shot at lin yixing , but fled afterwards .
local people who heard of the news rushed to the scene to send lin yixing to the hospital for treatment . lin yixing 's body was filled with thick blood seepage in the thick blood tubes , and started to stream out of the blood . at around 3 : 30 am on 6 february , lin yixing died .
on 6 february , the chinese consulate general in yogyakovich , the consular affairs of the chinese consulate general , and lin changming , vice chairman of the fujian association of south africa 's chinese fellow countrymen , drove to burundian by car to help the family of the deceased deal with the aftermath of the incident .
lin yixing became the chief culprit who was shot dead by the robbers in 36 hours and also the first chinese woman who was killed in south africa since the beginning of this year .
shanghai : part - time personnel and college graduates become hollywood workers
beijing , february 7 ( xinhua ) the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau issued the annual new hourly wages guide for workers in 2006 , with the number of job counters reaching 120 , an increase of 11 from the previous time , with the number of jobs under the guidance of the previous term increased by 11 .
according to an estimate by a relevant expert from the shanghai labor and social security bureau , currently more than 1 million employees in shanghai have been employed in the hours industry .
according to zhongguo qingnian bao , college graduates and part - time workers are the main component of the hourly workers .
through the direct investigation of nearly 8,000 hits , over half of the workers are part - time workers , with 51.1 percent of them .
the level of part - time workers ' education is generally higher , and they mainly engage in relatively strong technical work , such as translation jobs , part - time staff proportions , as high as 81.77 percent , and fitness level as 61.6 percent .
high income is the main reason why many people work in part - time jobs .
it is learned that the monthly income of a few positions can reach tens of thousands of yuan , and it will be difficult to do so as if it is transmitted by sound . the monthly income of an hour job may mostly reach more than 2,000 yuan , such as the part - time financial martial arts , and so on .
they are satisfied with their own interests and expanding their knowledge is also something that has been favored by part - time workers .
for example , when gu , who is the manager of the human resources department of a company , he would spend several hours a week to handle the financial accounts of a foreign merchant representative office .
mr koo considers that the greatest benefits of the part - time job are to continuously update his knowledge and to have opportunities to involve another field , of course , the income of $ 2,000 per month also has a certain attraction .
as the employment threshold for some hours of work is low , the working form is flexible and free , and is gradually favored by many graduates currently seeking jobs , 140 % of them are senior secondary and tertiary students in the past three years .
i did not want to work in an hour at the beginning , but after several months i did it , i felt that i was better than the 5 th working in the dprk , and the 5 th working in the dprk .
after graduating from university student huang , she found a job that was not as good as she was . finally , she hung up a name at a hotel and used a piano to play background music .
i am quite satisfied with my work now , and i have a 100 yuan per hour , the environment is good , what i want to do now is to find a few hours of work , and it is quite like that .
it is learned that the work hours has become a accumulation of work experience and training skills of some graduates currently working at job seeking , and the communication skills are higher and higher in society .
the graduates work hours mainly in knowledge and technology .
some of the hours ' job - related requirements are not high , such as food promotion and sales liverer , and unemployed personnel , who are unemployed can be put to work through simple training .
the data show that the number of employees who used to work in the industry was 39,000 , of which the proportion of unemployed personnel in the retail industry was 68.4 percent , and the proportion of the catering industry was 58.7 percent , with the number of hours work becoming an important channel for unemployed personnel to find jobs .
prc 's wu bangguo inspects anhui ,
beijing , february 8 ( xinhua ) the communist party of china central committee political bureau standing committee member wu bangguo , chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress , stressed during his recent inspection of anhui province that it is necessary to grasp the three major deputies ' important thinking as guidance , persist in using the scientific development concept to command the overall situation of economic and social development , conscientiously implement the central principles and policies , further emancipate the mind and carry out work creatively , implement the scientific development concept
from 6 to 8 february , wu bangguo inspected wuhu 's wuhu hefei and other places at ma anshan , deep down enterprises ' rural research institutes and institutes , as well as colleges and universities .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui has the experience of link feng nan , which links up the western region and links the south , and is an important agricultural region in china with rich natural resources and a relatively good industrial foundation . it has a fairly strong scientific and educational strength , a rich cultural and tourist resources , and a tremendous potential for development .
anhui should firmly seize the important opportunity of promoting the rise of central china , unswervingly adhere to the central task of economic construction , conscientiously implement the central guidelines and policies in close connection with anhui 's reality , carry out work in a creative manner , implement the scientific development concept in concrete measures , and implement it in practical work .
we should sum up our experience in practice in a timely manner , fully rely on the masses of the people , vigorously support reform and innovation , and continuously create a new situation in anhui 's work .
we should actively promote the construction of a harmonious society , persistently regard realizing well the fundamental interests of the overwhelming majority of the people as the starting point and end result of all our work , actively create conditions , and gradually solve practical problems of the masses in difficulty , gradually adjust the distribution relationships , gradually change the urban - rural dual structure , and gradually narrow the gap between the urban and rural areas , and safeguard the people 's fairness and justice and the achievements of reform .
wu bangguo stressed : china has reached the crucial stage of relying more on strengthening the ability to make independent innovations and improving the quality of laborers to promote economic and social development . only by making great efforts to promote scientific and technological progress and innovation can we achieve a leap in the quality of productive forces and push economic and social development onto the track of scientific development .
we should establish and perfect as soon as possible a system and mechanism that is conducive to innovation , increase scientific and technological input , encourage patents and brands , speed up the conversion of scientific and technological achievements into practical productive forces , strengthen enterprises ' status as the mainstay in independent innovation , and constantly raise the contribution rate of scientific and technological progress to economic growth .
we should support and encourage the participation of key technological elements in distribution and establish and improve a statistical index system that embodies the ability of independent innovation , study and formulate a series of systems for financial distribution and government purchases that support independent innovation , and form a policy system that encourages independent innovation .
we should cultivate a sense of innovation in the whole society , vigorously advocate the spirit of daring to innovate and compete , and focus on creating a good atmosphere in which talented people come forth in large numbers .
wu bangguo pointed out : in the course of building a socialist country ruled by law , the people 's congress is playing an increasingly important role in the course of administering the country according to law .
to do a good job in the work of the people 's congresses in the new situation , first , we should uphold the correct political direction , unswervingly follow the road of socialist development , and organically unite upholding the party 's leadership as the masters of the country and administering the country according to law .
second , we should closely center our work around the overall situation of the work of the party and the state , closely center our work around major issues in reform , development , and stability , and carry out our work closely around hot and difficult issues of common concern to the people and the masses , and constantly enhance the actual results of the work of the npc .
third , it is necessary to give play to the characteristics and advantages of the work of the people 's congress , uphold democratic centralism , act according to procedures , and decide problems collectively .
we should adhere to the mass line , take man as the foundation , exercise power on behalf of the people , be concerned about the people , and work for the interests of the people .
china proposes major scientific research plans for the next 15 years
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to raise the international competitiveness of the country , vigorously promote sustainable development and achieve a leap forward in key areas , the state council 's " medium @ - and long - term scientific and technological development program ( 2006 - 2020 ) " published on the 9th , and has made four major scientific research plans .
these four major scientific plans are the study of the study of the theories of quantum regulation and control of the research of rice and breeder and reproductive research .
the program points out that protein science is the life science commanding height in which developed countries are fiercely contented for .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on studying the structural reform of important biological systems , the study of the theory of the baidu group , the study of metabolics of the metabolic structure , and the interaction of the marxist biology and its interactive study of the biotics and system biology , protein research , and protein research .
the outline also holds that quantum regulation and control research is of a clear perspective and may be carried out in the economic development of mankind in 20-30 .
china should focus on studying the carrier of quantum communications and the principles and methods of regulation and control , calculate from quantum , and the new quantum effect of the limited quantum system , the new principles and new technological foundation of quantum regulation and control , and so on .
in addition , the outline points out that nanotechnology has become a strategic choice of many countries to enhance core competitiveness , and is also one of the fields that china is expected to achieve leapfrog development .
in the next 15 years , china will focus its research on the development of nanotechnology , including the manufacture of nanotechnology , and its installation and function , and the study of the nanomeiths and nanometer medicine , the analogy and the measurement of the nanometer , as well as the study of nanometer materials and nanotechnology , and the research in such areas as energy , information , etc.
china 's population growth is large , its birth defects are great , the country is seriously short of transplant organs , and the aging peak is imminent . therefore , it is urgently necessary to make breakthroughs in the theory of reproductive and development and to make technological innovations .
according to the outline , china will focus its research on the question of multiplying and regulating the breeding of stem cells from 2006 to 2020 , and the probability of mature and mature and repatriated human reproductive functions , to assist the breeding and dry cells to develop the technology , and to promote the safety and ethics of the genome of the genome .
housing prices drop nearly 7 percentage points in shanghai last year
shanghai , february 9 ( xinhua ) the state will tighten control over real estate sector in 2005 , with a total investment of 34.8 billion yuan ( about 34.6 billion us dollars ) , according to the national bureau of statistics ( nbs ) .
according to the latest data , the housing industry in shanghai saw marked improvements in various indicators or slackening of growth in last year .
the price of residential housing dropped 6.6 percentage points from the previous year , while the value added of the real estate industry decreased 4.1 percent from the previous year .
pan jianxin , director of the shanghai municipal statistics bureau , said at a news conference a few days ago that the average selling price of shanghai 's commercial housing was 6698 yuan / square meter in 2005 , an increase of 313 yuan over 2004 .
the price of residential housing rose 9.2 percent in the year , down 6.6 percentage points from the year before .
the added value of the real estate industry for the year was 670.23 billion yuan , down 4.1 percent from the previous year .
of the outstanding loans of financial institutions , the balance of individual housing mortgage loans was 264.494 - billion yuan , which was only a newly added figure of 994 - million yuan in the year . however , the newly added amount of loans in 2004 reached 72.09 - billion yuan .
pan jianxin said that from the year - on - year sales price of shanghai 's real estate , the sales prices of commercial housing were stable and down .
the statistics also show that according to the latest data , the real estate price increase in shanghai will drop somewhat in 2005 , the average selling price of residential housing will be 6698 yuan / square meter , an increase of 313 yuan over 2004 .
the level of housing sales price in 2005 was 9.77 percent higher than that of the previous year , and the increase rate was 6.2 percentage points lower than that of the previous year .
according to him , last year , the shanghai municipality completed a total investment of 124.686 - billion yuan in real estate development , increasing 6.1 percent over the previous year .
the sales area was 315.887 million square meters , a drop of 9.5 percent .
sales of commercial housing totaled 21.13 billion yuan , down 4.5 percent from the previous year .
two light airplanes collided with two light planes in new zealand
wellington , february 9 ( xinhua ) two new zealand light planes collided with a new zealand - made light plane on the air over the heung agricultural region about 100 kilometers north of wellington on the 9th , killing two students from the flying school on the plane .
according to relevant officials of the local civil aviation department , the pilots on both planes are the pilots of the flight school of the university of marseille . they are still undergoing training and have not obtained their flying license .
at the time of the incident , the two planes were in a non - air control zone . according to regulations , when flying in such a region , the pilots should be responsible for the navigation and safety of the plane .
a witness at the scene of the incident told the new zealand media that he heard a huge explosion when the plane collided and saw the crash of the plane .
another witness also confirmed that the plane had heard a huge explosion before the crash .
the cause of the plane collision is not clear at present , and the local civil aviation authorities will carry out an investigation on this .
chinese , argentine overseas chinese condemn chen shui - bian 's pro - independence remarks
xinhua news agency , buenos aires , february 8 ( reporter cao yu ) - a delegation of overseas chinese and chinese nationals residing in argentina issued a solemn statement on the 8th , strongly condemning chen shui - bian 's recent advocacy of taiwan independence and opposition to any attempt to split taiwan from china .
the statement said : chen shui - bian announced in his speech on 29 january that he would abolish the nationalist unification and the nationanreunification program , and would take a stride toward taiwan independence .
the hopes of the compatriots on both sides of the strait for peace and the desire of taiwan compatriots for peace and stability will face severe challenges .
the statement pointed out that resolutely opposing and curbing the separatist activities of taiwan independence , and safeguarding peace and stability in the taiwan strait region remains the most pressing task for compatriots on both sides of the strait and the chinese society in the whole world at present .
the statement stressed that the argentine council for promoting peaceful reunification is willing to hold talks with all the chinese in argentina who uphold the one - china principle , and resolutely oppose the " taiwan independence " in any form and actively promote china 's peaceful reunification .
prc expert on us ' threat to china ' is groundless
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to build a national defense university in the united states , the pentagon said here today
experts believe that this is an unreasonable accusation against china 's normal national defense construction , and exaggerating the china military threat theory is interference in china 's internal affairs .
the " four - year defense assessment report " is a new national defense guidance document of the pentagon .
the 92 - page report used three paragraphs to expound china 's military power and the countermeasures that the united states should take , and the 15 reports directly mentioned china 's reaction to its military strength or its parallel with china 's 92 terms , saying : as a major and newly emerging big country , china 's most possessed advanced weapons of military competition with the united states , and if the united states did not have any anti - system measures , it would very likely develop a bad military
professor yao yunzhu , a research fellow at the world military research department of the chinese academy of military sciences , said that although senior us officials have repeatedly expressed similar views , this is the first time that the strategic report on national defense proposed that china is the most likely new , big country that poses us military challenges .
the ju report clearly describes russia 's move of china as a newly emerging strategic opponent , especially the so - called chinese military threat theory .
major general peng guangqian , research fellow of the chinese academy of military sciences , said :
what merits attention is that in the " four - year defense assessment report " formally submitted , us president bush also submitted a report to congress on the fiscal year 2007 . the us government budget for the national defense budget reached 439.3 - billion us dollars .
if the situation plus the military action in iraq and afghanistan added to the budget , the us budget for defense budget for 2007 will exceed $ 500 billion .
peng guangqian maintained that the us fabrication of the theory of the threat of other countries has reflected the persistent style of the pentagon that created enemies , and its real purpose is to strive for more defense funds to create a pretext for the us munitions industry group .
experts say that compared with the huge military spending of the united states , china 's national defense spending is quite limited .
he has participated in the compilation of china 's national defense white papers on many occasions , and said : since the 1990 s , china 's defense spending has increased somewhat as the economy developed , but the proportion of the national defense expenditures in the same period has shown a trend of decline .
official statistics show that compared with 1979 , china 's defense spending accounted for more than half of the national financial expenditure in the same period .
china 's defense spending in 2005 was 244.656 - billion yuan , only about one - fourth of the us national defense spending , and the per capita national defense spending was only about one - sixtieth that of the united states , and the per capita military spending was about one - thirds that of the us military .
the area of the us territory is roughly the same as that of china , but the difference in military spending is so huge . who exactly is the military power that exceeds proper defense needs is not to mention that .
peng guangqian said :
wang guangya , director of the research department of the china arms control and disarmament association , said that the us side should objectively assess china 's military construction situation , and that china 's peaceful development does not mean that china and the united states will become military adversaries in the future .
the " 2004 china 's national defense " white paper says that china firmly follows the path of peaceful development and practices a defensive national defense policy .
china did not have any future experience , nor would it threaten any country .
so far , china has not established any military bases in any other country , nor has it sent a single soldier to other countries , while the united states has over 100 military bases abroad , and it has only deployed more than 100 military bases in asia .
professor zhu feng of the institute of international relations at beijing university said : china and the united states should increase communication and exchanges through the established channels , enhance mutual understanding and mutual trust , and comprehensively advance the constructive and cooperative relations between china and the united states in the new century so as to jointly promote the maintenance of world peace and development .
( winter olympics ) opening ceremony of turin winter games will be a passion
duilin , february 9 ( xinhua ) the second session of the 20 th winter olympic games will be held on the evening of the 10th in dushin olympic stadium at 8 p.m . local time , officially unveiling the mysterious veil .
on 9 july , the preparatory committee of the turin winter olympic games disclosed to the reporters the splendid arrangements for the opening ceremony ahead of schedule .
on the opening ceremony , chairman of the organizing committee , castro taitani , was full of confidence . he said at the press conference that the opening ceremony had cost up to 10 - million euros , and it had gathered top italian talent in various fields .
he said : the night of 10 july will be an unforgettable day . at that time , 35,000 viewers at the venue and 2 - billion viewers of tv will see the success of the march opening ceremony full of passion .
the lame blazing waves are ferrous and the five great peace tubes along the auspicious loud and the white snow and milk of alps will appear at the opening ceremony , and the directors and introduction the directors said that the affection and the italian style of talent will become the theme of the opening ceremony and the laughing stock of the laughter as the laughter of the olympic games , as the biggest challenge of history .
italian designer amani specially designed a dress for the opening ceremony , with the famous italian fashion brand mostino to present a guide for the athletes ' attendance .
however , the famous italian soprano pavarotti will sing a song at the opening ceremony , and the organizing committee will leave this suspense in the end .
eight journalists who were able to jet flames were flying on the flames , and they would use a three - meter - long flame to show the passion of burning . they would repeatedly cross the scene at a speed of 70 km .
officials of the organizing committee said that this was the most satisfactory creations in the opening ceremony .
and regarding how to lit the main torch , the organizing committee did not reveal in advance , but the main torch tower , as high as 57 meters , will light the turin and the residents of the nearby alps hill .
white house announces bush 's visit to pakistan , india in march
washington , february 9 ( xinhua ) the white house spokesman , mcclellan , said today that the united states is " not willing to accept the islamic world 's freedom and democracy , " despite a cartoon which desecrates the islamic predecessor .
mcclellan said that bush is looking forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he also said that he is making arrangements for this visit .
mcclellan made the above remarks when he held various demonstrations in some areas of pakistan to protest against the situation of blasphemy against islamic predecessor mohammed .
in january this year , when bush met with pakistani prime minister aziz at the white house , the two sides expressed the need to strengthen friendly cooperation and jointly crack down on terrorism that endangers the security of the two countries .
bush also said that at the invitation of the pakistan and indian governments , he would pay a visit to pakistan and india in march .
( international observation ) hamas seeks breakthrough in cabinet formation
ramallah , february 9 ( xinhua ) the hamas government has decided to form a cabinet to seek a breakthrough
xinhua news agency reporter hao huang
the palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) has won the legislative council election , how to draw a blueprint for the new government has become the focus of international attention at present .
what kind of new policy will hamas adopt will directly affect the relevant policies of the peace process in the next step .
at the same time , the resistance attitude of the united states and israel has added variables to the future of the hamas government .
at present , all parties in palestine are stepping up their consultations on the formation of the cabinet , and the difficulties and sensitive points in the future development of the situation are being actively sought for breakthroughs .
the premier 's position has to be left with which family it takes
after hamas won the cabinet , some people are worried that hamas prime minister , perhaps , will have a difference with the current top leader abbas .
in addition , hamas leader mahal , who is visiting egypt , stressed that the new palestinian government , which was formed by hamas , will not recognize israel , and this hard - line signal has also aggravated international worries .
the united states and israel have explicitly expressed that they do not accept a hamas government that holds real power and used this to threaten to suspend economic aid to palestine and to transfer tax to the palestinians .
however , this does not prevent hamas from making flexible strategic adjustments , and the election of an independent is a compromise strategy .
according to reports , in order to obtain the greatest international approval , the leaders of hamas , both at home and abroad , who recently gathered in egypt , decided to elect an independent person , and the chairman of the board of directors of the school of islamic jihad , alexandria , was elected as the new prime minister .
this move has not received any response from the relevant departments .
palestinian analysts hossein said that no matter which premier 's position is spent , the most crucial thing is that the prime minister should try his best to play down the tough mentioning of hamas , and only in this way can he guarantee the success of forming the cabinet .
how should power be distributed ?
internally , the biggest challenge for hamas to form a cabinet is the lack of sufficient governing experience .
an analysis in the palestinian paper , the daily , said that hamas has rallied its popularity through social welfare projects , but lacks experience in governance and is closely linked with the palestinian national liberation movement ( fatah ) , which has the experience of governing .
after the election , hamas proposed establishing a relationship with fatah , and jointly forming a national coalition government , but fatah has not yet given a positive response .
whether or not fatah has become a cabinet member is different at present , and the one - sided faction advocates participating in the new government and doing something in turn , while the other faction is willing to actively engage in the opposition parties in the legislature .
the informed source pointed out that , persuaded by abbas , fatah gradually tends to join the new government .
even so , hamas and fatah will also hold talks on the distribution of cabinet positions .
in addition , another way is to set up a legislative framework outside the party - style cabinet .
it is reported that hamas has also designed a plate expert - type government , but the specific list is not known .
in view of the attitude of the united states and israel , the technology expert - type government is also invariably a kind of cabinet - forming method to reduce external pressure .
according to the provisions of the palestinian " basic law , " after the new legislative yuan was sworn in on 16 february , the work of nominating the premier and forming a cabinet will be completed within three to five weeks .
what course armed forces should follow ?
the weapons in hamas are another thorny issue facing the establishment of a new government .
the united states and israel have adopted a very tough attitude and resolutely demanded that hamas give up violence and refuse to take part in government and political affairs by holding a gun .
hamas leader mahal stressed on 9 november that armed resistance is a strategic choice made by the organization .
the armed question actually includes the legitimacy of weapons and the ownership of the armed forces .
the president said that the new government will be the first party to be elected as the legislature through democracy and freedom , and that the armed forces of hamas have been recognized by the international community , and the same way for the legalization of its subordinate groups is to unify them into the government 's security organs .
hamas once proposed to unify all factions and the establishment of the palestinian national authority on the people 's army , but it did not receive an extensive response and was also strongly opposed by the palestinian islamic jihad organization ( jahad ) .
palestine has more than 60,000 security personnel , and the overwhelming majority of them come from the fatah camp .
in addition , fatah has some subordinate armed factions , which have loose organizational relations , for example , the martyr aer brigade , and the ying of fatah .
the hamas , which is responsible for forming the cabinet , must hold talks with abbas on how to manage these armed forces that are independent of politics and rationally distribute security management powers .
according to local media reports , abbas was deliberately in charge of security and intelligence forces , police and civil defense organizations , and the interior ministry of the new government was in charge of the operation .
however , the parties are still holding consultations on this sensitive issue , and so far there is no further report .
china issues report on polar exploration
beijing , february 10 ( xinhua ) china 's state oceanic administration ( soa ) published a report on china 's polar exploration 2005 , which is the first time china has conducted a polar scientific research in more than 20 years , the state oceanic administration ( soa ) said here today .
the " report " fully reflects the results of the 2005 extreme survey of china 's polar science activities and the extreme logistical support scientific research results and other achievements .
according to the " report , " the number of people killed in the explosion occurred at 2215 on 9 january 2005 ( beijing time ) . the chinese antarctic expedition team successfully climbed to the antarctic inland icecap , the highest inland icecap in the antarctic , and successfully completed its beneficial journey to china at 315 ( beijing time ) on 18 january .
tibet has been an area in which competition is becoming fiercer and fiercer in the international arena , and the chinese people are firmly - spirited and fearless and are bold in exploring new fields . first of all , they have started the impact and achieved success in the start of the tests of the extreme high tide of the antarctic .
sun zhihui , director of the state oceanic administration , said :
the " report " shows that on 24 march 2005 , china 's 21st antarctic expedition team successfully completed its mission and returned to shanghai . the 151 - day inspection tour , which lasted 1,500 nautical miles , lasted 26,500 nautical miles .
on 18 november the same year , the 22nd antarctic expedition team of china left shanghai for the zhongshan station of the antarctic to conduct scientific research activities and will leave zhongshan station before the end of february 2006 to return to shanghai via australia .
since it was the first time that china issued the polar research report , the 2005 china polar observation report also put forward the " china polar survey " report for the first time in the 1980s , which reviewed and summed up china 's polar exploration undertaking that started in the early 1980 s .
according to the " report , " china formally joined the " antarctic treaty " in 1983 and became a member of the antarctic treaty organization . it has become one after another the academic committee for the study of antarctic science under the extremely important jurisdiction of the antarctic council and other members of the international antarctic affairs organization .
in 1997 , china became a member of the arctic science committee and won a say in international polar affairs and decision - making right .
the " report " points out that over the past 20 - odd years , china 's extreme observation has proceeded from nothing and continued to develop . its initial scale has formed three stations . the number three stations has formed the beipan polar scientific research system , namely , the yacheng institute established in february 1985 , the longevity research system established in february 1989 , the antarctic ocean , and the antarctic ocean engineering institute established in july 2004 , and the huanghe engineering institute in
according to the " report " , by the end of 2005 , china had organized 22 inspection tour of antarctic science twice , with the number snow dragon boat for 2005 as the beiji science station on the platform , and two batches of observation of the beipole yellow river station . up to now , over 3,000 people nationwide have personally gone to the beibu company to conduct an on - site investigation .
huixi , we are currently working on establishing the third antarctic observation station , and is also china 's first inland observation station to conduct feasibility study . the huanqiu station is now carrying out feasibility study .
sun zhihui said :
through more than 20 years of effort , china 's polar research has made great achievements in the world 's polar observation . however , china 's experience in conducting research with other major polar countries is still quite different from that of other countries . we must try our best to catch up with others and lay down a well - conceived theory .
he said .
sun zhihui disclosed that china would publish an annual report on its observation work .
castro meets chinese president , says china - cuba friendly cooperation
havana , february 10 ( xinhua ) cuba 's president of the council of state fidel castro met with visiting chinese state councilor chen zhili on the 10th , and both sides expressed their desire to strengthen cooperation in education , science and technology and other fields .
president castro warmly welcomed state councilor chen zhili on his visit to cuba .
he said : cuba - china relations are very friendly . there have been frequent high - level visits between the two countries , which have effectively promoted and strengthened friendship and mutual understanding between the two sides . he expressed the hope that the two countries will continue to deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in various fields , including education and science and technology .
chen zhili said : cuba is an important country with important influence in latin america and the caribbean region .
the friendly exchanges between the chinese and cuban peoples go back to ancient times .
cuba was the first latin american country to establish diplomatic relations with new china .
after entering the new century , with the concern and promotion of the leaders of the two countries , the political mutual trust between the two countries has become increasingly deepened , the scope of cooperation has expanded , and mutual support and cooperation in international affairs have been promoted between the two countries , and the friendly relations between china and cuba have entered a new period of all - round development .
she believed that with the joint efforts of both sides , sino - cuban friendly cooperation will yield more fruitful results .
chen zhili also pointed out that the chinese government has always attached importance to exchanges and cooperation with cuba in the field of education .
in recent years , the two countries have conducted close exchanges of education and frequent personnel exchanges .
china actively supports the international conference held by cuba and has sent a delegation to attend all previous world higher education meetings and the 2005 blind - eliminating meeting .
cuba 's level of basic education is very high , and it is hoped that relevant experience exchanges will be further strengthened in the future .
chen zhili said : china and cuba have their respective advantages in scientific and technological research and development , and can achieve mutual benefit and win - win results through cooperation in various fields .
the chinese side 's aid to cuba for some scientific research equipment this time is hoped to play a positive role in cuba 's scientific research and production .
she also briefed castro on china 's strategy of relying on science and education and the national science and technology conference .
chen zhili arrived in cuba on 9 february local time at the invitation of the cuban government to begin his visit to cuba .
during this period , chen zhili met with cuban minister of the high education department viveno and inspected the academic records of havana university of science on technology university .
explosion of oil leakage on beijing - kazakhstan highway closed
harbin , february 11 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to lift the road of the country 's capital to a traffic accident at about 23:00 hours on february 10 , said a local official at the ministry of finance .
according to the people 's police of the traffic police brigade of the shuangcheng city public security bureau , three trucks collided with one passenger car at the 58 km of the jinghe road , one lugou vehicle and one oil tank car collided , and the oil tank fissures had leaked out . the discarded oil flowed onto the road .
it is learned that the oil tanker is equipped with discarded oil that is produced after the coke .
it is a thick and thin piece because of wastes and is also afraid that the vehicle in the past may cause a fire hazard , and the departments concerned have closed the road to the scene .
the highway from harbin to shuangcheng was closed , and many vehicles bypassed .
at present , relevant departments are screening the scene and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
hk paper on hk - macao - taiwan joint venture project the three italian enterprises involved in the listing
hong kong , february 11 ( xinhua ) the hutchison whampoa company announced on the 11th that the company of 3 rd company under the yanchi company was listed on the market .
huo jianning , general manager of the huanggang group , said that although the listing of all relevant supervisory and regulatory bodies has been approved , the stock - issuing process must be completed within the next few weeks , and time is really too hasty .
at the same time , the current market situation of european telecom stocks is weak , and the market may not necessarily grant italy a suitable list valuation at this moment .
in view of the maximum interest considerations for shareholders , it is decided to postpone the listing of the company .
as to when to be listed again , fok said that it would depend on the future performance of the european telecommunications market .
he said : from now until now , three italian enterprises need to launch extensive business operations in the field of investors , so that global investment markets can become clearer about the quality of italian enterprises , which are currently on the list , and are favorable to them .
according to media reports , the three groups of italian investment banks , goldman hedge , agreed to invest 420 million euros in the form of personal distribution to hold 109 percent of italian stock ownership , 3 percent of italian stock ownership , and the deal is expected to be completed by the end of march this year .
china , myanmar to further economic , trade ties
yangon , february 12 ( xinhua ) the chinese ambassador to myanmar , guan mu and the counselor of economic and trade affairs , tang hai , visited china on the eve of myanmar prime minister soe win 's visit to china on the 14th , during which they said that the economic and trade relations between china and burma are currently developing along with the development of both sides in a variety of forms and mutually beneficial manner .
ambassador guan mu said : in recent years , the friendly cooperative relations between china and burma , which have been established on the basis of the five principles of peaceful coexistence , have been consolidated and developed , and exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been expanded and deepened with each passing day .
counselor tang hai said : the exchange of high - level visits between the two countries has effectively promoted the development of economic and trade cooperation between the two countries .
during the 2004 high - level exchange visits , the two sides signed 33 documents on economic and trade cooperation , most of which are being implemented and implemented .
he said : in 2004 , it was $ 1.14 - billion , and in 2005 it reached $ 12.09 - billion , including $ 935 - billion in chinese exports and $ 274 - billion in imports .
in bilateral trade last year , trade between china 's yunnan and burma ( including border trade ) totaled $ 630 million , an increase of 14.6 percent over the previous year .
tang hai said : burma has become an important market for chinese enterprises to carry out the contract - engineering business , and the main projects undertaken by burma include the construction of the beibu bridge , docks , and factories ( such as sugar plants , textile mill , and maimill ) .
chinese enterprises have been developing engineering businesses in myanmar , which have brought along the export of all kinds of machinery and electronic products in china , and myanmar has become an important market for the export of complete sets of equipment and machinery and electrical products in china .
according to chinese customs statistics , in the past five to six years , the export volume of machinery and electronic products has accounted for about 45.0 percent of china 's total exports to burma .
counselor tang also said : burma is rich in resources , and china companies have already started investing in the development of resources such as the copper ore and other resources development projects of burma 's oil and gas fields , and there is great potential for the development of sino - burmese economic and trade cooperation relations .
he hoped that chinese enterprises will have a long - term perspective , learn how to avoid risks , and make prudent policy decisions , establish a good image for enterprises , and ensure that they can meet the requirements of quality and quantity and complete the work on time , so as to win glory for the country .
ambassador liu and counselor tang hai both held that prime minister soe win 's upcoming official visit to china is the first in this year 's bilateral relations , and is of great significance to enhancing political mutual trust , promoting bilateral cooperation , and promoting the further development of good - neighborly and friendly relations between china and burma .
it is expected that during the visit , the two sides will sign several documents on economic and trade cooperation .
world bank to reduce debt to poor countries
moscow , february 11 ( xinhua ) world bank president wolfowitz said in moscow on the 11th that the world bank will completely remove the debt of the poorest countries by the middle of this year .
wolfowitz held talks with the foreign ministers of the g8 finance ministers who came to moscow on the same day .
he said in a statement issued after the meeting that the world bank will implement the debt relief program before july 1 this year , and that the world bank is now completing all technical work .
last year , the world bank donor countries completely exempted debts owed by 28 countries and pledged to provide financial assistance to the relevant trust funds .
the amount of creditor 's rights in the imf is relatively small , and the imf has reduced or exempted debts since the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz 's decision to remove debts from 16 african countries was welcomed .
the tvb 's digital television programme is becoming the mainstream in the united states .
new york , february 12 ( xinhua ) the new york city government today decided to re - register the number of digital television sets ( with the exception of fan xiaozheng ) , with the price decline and the market expanding .
the curtain of the curtain of the american style of the american curtain has become the main channel for the american industry to welcome the tall era .
according to a report by the financial times , the us congress recently passed a bill requiring american broadcasting operators to pay the " national defense tax " on 17 february 2009 , and to stop broadcasting the existing analects of the signal .
this means that the full digitization of the american tv program has already had a clear timetable .
the popularization of high resolution digital television on the one hand depends on consumers to buy tv sets , and on the other it depends on the production organization to provide high - definition digital programs .
although digital television has been repeatedly mentioned in the past few years , it has never become a reality .
this problem has taken a turn for the better this year .
according to the us consumer electronics association 's forecast , the sales of digital televisions in the united states will exceed that of traditional tv sets for the first time this year , while the number of digital television sets will exceed 85 percent of them are high - resolution products .
japanese researchers develop new highly efficient human kidney
tokyo , february 13 ( xinhua ) the japanese government has decided to launch a new research project on a biological man 's kidney , which is not only comparable to the kidney of humans , but also has the capacity to preserve the functions of suppliers , which are also of small size and easy to transplant .
according to a report by the nikkei industrial news a few days ago , the newly developed biomedical kidney is mainly composed of two parts , and part is the incidence of the filtering and water division of the late , and the other part is the selection of the kidney crane from the original hydrogen diagnostic acid and other blood transmitted .
the others have built kidney tubes and the tubes of the myths of the middle and the tubes have been made of the myths of the inner tubes of the urynxia tube .
this kind of petal cell can make many trips of diseases , and so on .
the previous human kidney interrupted the filtering of the filter waste by relying on the difference of permeation , and it did not have the ability to make iranic acid and other components return to the blood .
researchers used the mountain sheep to carry out a kidney transplant experiment , and the mid - air silk wire of human - made kidney used the pig 's upper - skin cells .
two weeks later , researchers confirmed that the human - made kidney was able to function .
at present , they are developing biological kidneys that use human kidney cells and will be tested and clinical research will be carried out .
china 's power industry still faces severe challenges
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the state power supervision and management commission ( ndrc ) said here today that although power safety in 2005 remained stable overall , the safety of production in electricity was still facing a severe challenge .
shi yubo , vice chairman of the state power supervision and inspection commission , said at the fifth meeting of the national electric power safety production committee ( enlargement ) held here that in 2005 , china 's power safety production safety work was stable overall , and the task of meeting the summer heights in power was successfully completed , and electricity supply was ensured , while the power system basically ensured safe and stable operation in response to natural disasters , and the power production equipment safety and general electric power accidents reduced substantially and
however , he pointed out that with the changes in the power supply and demand situation and the successive operation of large numbers of newly built power generating units , electricity safety production will face new challenges .
these challenges include : regional seasonal phenomena of power shortage will still exist , and the supply and demand situation in some areas will remain too tight , and the price mechanism for coal has not been formed , leading to the relatively serious shortage of coal .
shi yubo said : as the reform of the power system deepens , many deep - seated contradictions will continue to be exposed . how to maintain the stability of the staff and workers and ensure normal production order will become new problems facing us .
in view of the 2006 work of electricity safety production , shi yubo said that it is necessary to further consolidate the basic work of power safety management and speed up the establishment and improvement of the mechanism for emergency management of power safety , enhance the capacity to deal with emergency accidents , strengthen coordination and cooperation in power network , and jointly safeguard the safety of the power system , and continue to do a good job in supervising and managing the safety of the major hydropower station and in informationization , and strengthen the
it is learned that in light of the new situation in power safety management , the power monitoring commission will carry out an investigation of the " interim provisions on electric power production accidents " that have been promulgated this year . meanwhile , the work of investigating and dealing with the safety of the major hydropower stations and the safety of the second power system will be carried out in succession this year .
in 2005 , electricity consumption in china 's entire society reached 2468.9 billion kw - hours , up 13.45 percent over the same period last year .
in the face of the situation of power supply and demand still being tight and the contradiction between coal , electricity , oil , and transportation is conspicuous , all power enterprises have earnestly taken effective measures to strengthen equipment management . last year , there was no extraordinarily serious equipment accidents in the power industry nationwide .
74 power grids were reported , 127 less than the same period last year , 427 accidents involving equipment were reported , 132 fewer than the same period last year .
south african envoy to china said that there exist some organizations that are not aimed at the criminal activities of chinese citizens
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the south african government has decided to set up a temporary embassy in china in beijing on the 13th to provide a visa to chinese citizens , said the chinese ambassador , fu konin , who is a acting chinese citizen , during an exclusive interview .
he also said that the south african government will do all it can to crack down on all forms of criminal activities .
vincent sihanen said the south african government hopes to lump the rate of crime to zero , and hopes that every foreigner who works in south africa will be given full support by local laws and citizens .
since 2006 , four chinese citizens have been killed in one after another in south africa , and the world of chinese has shown extensive concern for this .
the chinese foreign ministry has already made representations to south africa and reminded chinese citizens in south africa to further enhance their awareness of security and prevention , strengthen unity and love among overseas chinese , and cooperate with the police in cracking down on criminal activities .
let us express the most sincere sympathy and condolences to the victims ' families .
fu kangning said : we are sorry about this and we also ask the chinese people to believe that the south african government is seriously investigating every case involving china .
according to the chinese embassy in south africa , the south african police have successfully cracked a case of chinese fujian woman chen jianqing 's murder in south africa on 5 february , and one suspect has been arrested .
police are now hunting for another suspect .
in addition , the south african embassy in china revealed that the criminal suspect who was suspected of shooting and killing hong kong businessman in january this year has been arrested by south africa police , and the victim 's property has been recovered .
on the possible impact of the murder of chinese citizens , fu kangning said that these incidents indeed occurred in the depth of mutual understanding and trust between the two countries on trade and tourism and exchanges in other fields . however , judging from a long - term point of view , however , the impact should not be extensive .
the tourism commissioner of the south african embassy , nanna shunxi , said the embassy had provided more than 2,000 chinese visitors to south africa in the first 15 days of this year .
according to official statistics of china , south africa will continue to maintain its largest trade partner in africa in 2005 .
the bilateral trade volume reached $ 7.27 billion , up 23.0 percent over the same period last year .
however , people in the tourism industry believe that the number of chinese citizens ' casualties in 2004 has increased significantly in the number of chinese tourists traveling to south africa .
according to statistics from the south african tourism bureau , the number of chinese tourists to south africa in the first half of 2005 was 20,331 , a decrease of 14.9 percent over the same period last year .
at present , about 200,000 chinese people living in south africa are living in urban and rural areas in south africa .
analysts here believe that the gap between the rich and the poor in south africa is wide , the unemployment rate is high , and guns are rampant , and there is no deterrent to death penalty , so the crime rate remains high .
since many chinese do not understand english , have cash in their bodies , they are more prone to become targets of criminals seeking money .
hk to promote english learning and training in hong kong
hong kong , february 13 ( xinhua ) the hong kong special administrative region government unveiled a new career english campaign on the 13th , with the aim of raising the english standard of more working people .
this lyrics , with good english , and the theme of life , including the establishment of a new style of english through a series of publicity activities , and the further understanding of how employers can help enhance employees ' english standards .
so far , the project has sponsored nearly 25,000 people to complete workplace english training courses , enabling them to meet the relevant english benchmarks of the workplace english benchmarks in hong kong .
hong kong 's workplace english campaign is launched by the hksar government in 2000 .
an important project of the workplace english campaign is the funding scheme for workplace english training .
the scheme aims to help employees who need to use english at work to receive training and to participate in the designated international english examinations for business purposes , and to meet the required english standards in their respective workplace classes .
the hebei aids examination and examination system was conducted on a voluntary basis .
shijiazhuang , february 14 ( xinhua ) the provincial health department of hebei province recently formulated and issued a " hebei province health consultation on aids voluntary consultation " ( trial ) , which clearly stipulates the quality and efficiency of hiv testing and implementation of free and voluntary engagement in the monitoring of aids , and hopes that the discovery of hiv carriers and patients will be further implemented in order to further implement preventive and intervention measures and to guard against the emergence of the relentless policy .
the " program " has defined the principles for the voluntary consultation and examination of aids in hebei province : aids resistance testing and consultation are free of charge , aids antibody testing and consultation and voluntary consultation and consent to the information , aids antibody testing and consultation and secrecy , and not assessing related behaviors of the consuls , and hiv carriers and aids patients ' legitimate rights and interests are protected , providing them with the necessary follow - up services .
the program requires that the aids consulting and testing center should be set at a place for the consulting , and that the consultation should be conducted in a room single to protect the privacy of the consulting , and that it is possible to provide one - on - one consultation .
the choice of counselors should fully consider the personal quality and the academic level and the ability to exchange .
to protect the privacy of the consulting , the testing leaflet can be registered with the code or number .
the " plan " also requires that the health - care administrative departments at and above the county level should publicize the local major media the details of the list of medical and health - care institutions and consulting telephone numbers for the voluntary inspection and test - service for aids in their own localities so as to help the masses understand the relevant information .
the ministry of public security still has the focus of its work on extorting confessions by torture .
beijing , february 14 ( xinhua ) the government of the people 's republic of china ( prc ) has decided to issue a report on the implementation of the law on prevention and control of narcotics ( mps ) , said zheng baigang , deputy director of the ministry of public security , at a press conference here today .
the work of the supervisory departments is also focused on preventing the occurrence of these problems .
he also pointed out that some international organizations have a clear understanding of the law enforcement situation of the chinese police , and they are not entirely correct .
the latest information provided by the ministry of public security on 14 february shows that the ministry of public security has issued in 2000 the " regulations on implementing detention measures and putting on record " -- the " provisions on application of continuing interrogations by public security organs " -- a circular about the issuance of the " regulations on application of continuing interrogations by public security organs " -- a fairly good method for guaranteeing that public security organs at the grass - roots level will apply interrogations in accordance with the
since 1997 , enterprises engaged in the three campaigns ( to run the trial of the cases ) have been ordered to tackle the indiscriminate use of firearms and the indiscriminate use of mandatory measures ) by police departments across the country , and police organs have persisted in going deep into the police corps and the police corps , and persisted in conducting law enforcement at the grassroots level , such as the police , and the police , in enforcing the law enforcement of the law enforcement of the law at the grassroots level .
to prevent the occurrence of law enforcement problems at the source , the police and inspectors further extended the detection point of law enforcement inspectors , intensified interinquiries about application measures , and the number of cases involving the police 's " 110 " supervision and inspectors on the case were handled by the police in connection with the cases , and the insertion of information on theft of motor vehicles and other law enforcement links .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) sun yun - hsuan dies of illness in taipei
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the taiwan straits exchange foundation ( sef ) has been reshuffled due to acute infections , according to a report from taipei on february 15 , the former honorary chairman of the taiwan straits exchange foundation ( sef ) , sun yun - suan , died of illness in taipei early on the morning of the 15th .
sun yun - suan was born on november 11 , 1913 , in penglai , shandong , and in the department of electrical machinery of harbin university of industry .
he is a member of the 10 th and 13 th central committees of the kuomintang , a member of the 11 th central standing committee , and a member of the 14 th central committee evaluation committee , and a member of the 15 th central advisory committee .
he was director of the taiwan authorities ' affairs bureau and ministerial level , and he chu - yu , executive director .
heilongjiang promotes the evaluation of the songhua river 's water pollution and ecological environment
harbin , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to implement the project of " sealing the songhua river " in order to ensure a good follow - up monitoring and pollution control work for the dry period and the melting of the ice layer , said a spokesman for the ministry of water resources here today .
this reporter learned from the heilongjiang provincial environmental protection bureau that the huanju river water resources company , led by the state environmental protection administration , was organized to form the bureau 's environmental impact assessment and countermeasures for the major pollution incidents in the songhua river , which are divided into 15 special topics , including the emergency ecological assessment and environmental protection assessment , and the comprehensive assessment of the pollution control project of the human body , and the schedule for the specific time is arranged for the completion of three stages .
currently , there are a total of more than 60 people in 10 scientific research institutes and schools in heilongjiang province , and they have undertaken 14 technical research projects .
according to presentations , environmental protection departments and relevant scientific research institutions will conduct research on five special topics , namely , the emergency environmental evaluation and countermeasures for the incident , and strive to first solve environmental problems of urgent concern to the masses .
the major pollutant concentration levels in the control of the sizes of the main fault and the entire projection of pollutants along the river are evaluating the safety impact of the songhua river water quality .
heilongjiang province 's environmental protection department will also intensify environmental monitoring along the songhua river , and severely investigate and deal with environmental pollution and illegal construction that have caused serious pollution .
heilongjiang will send environmental law enforcement personnel to supervise and guide various localities in carrying out comprehensive environmental improvement in small river valley , perfecting the ' operation ' of the langhe river and other sections .
beijing university establishes mourning hall to offer condolences to academician wang
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a new beijing university in the new century , a senior student at the centennial memorial hall of beijing university , after a few days of tight arrangements , and by 0900 hours on the morning of the 15th , as of noon that day , hundreds of people have come to offer condolences .
at 0800 , the curtain had not yet arrived , and several hours outside the gate had already lined up in a long line .
this reporter interviewed a reporter at the hall to mark the centennial anniversary of beijing university . a black horizontal wall was hanging on the wall : mourn wang xuan 's fellow academicians with deep grief .
the lower side of the horizontal scroll is a huge portrait of wang xuan . he wore a glasses , laughed with a smile on his face , and was refined and refined .
the statue was placed on the two sides of the ruins with several trees and dozens of floral wreaths .
one of the wreaths was : sun qin ,
the mourning in the mourning hall was bleak and the mood was heavy .
among those who mourn the memorial were leaders and teachers of beijing university , friends of selected academicians , and others , young students , who are not familiar with him , and especially young students who have always been in the army .
some of them held flowers in their hands , some carried flower baskets , and each of them was wearing small white flowers in their chest , slowly walking to the remains of academician wang xuan , bowing their heartedness .
many people could not help but shed tears .
zhang wenbin , who was director of the state cultural relics bureau , was an old alumnus of beijing university . he told the reporter that more than 10 years ago , he was still working in henan province , and he invited professor wang xuan to give a report on scientific and technological innovation to provincial party committee cadres .
academician wang xuan 's scholarly work is a model for us to learn . he has served as a major contribution to the country and society and the people will never forget him , and the people will never forget him , and the people have something like him .
jin ruilin of the law school of beijing university is a close friend of wang 's old friend who has been elected for more than 40 years .
he was discharged a few days ago . today he insisted on farewell to old friends .
mr. jin 's remarks on the rostrum could not restrain his own grief , and he repeatedly polished his eyes with paper .
he told the reporter that professor wang was very frugal and he had lived in the garden of tong fu . he had already been a professor , and had already achieved very high results , but he was still very small and was living in a house of flat for many years .
later he moved to the chengzeyuan , where he lived in a place of 70 to 80 square meters for more than 10 years .
beijing university has given him an academician 's building at the blue - chip camp , a big house of more than 140 square meters , a high - level housing provided by him in the middle building , and he does not want to run the silan .
mr. jin recalled with deep feeling that during his overseas visit , wang xuan provided very high treatment for foreign countries , but he was determined to thank him .
when he started , he insisted that he would not apply for an academician , and he was only selected after many mobilization sessions by mr. zhou peiyuan .
mr. jin , who is deeply touched , is wang xuan 's personal experience in cultivating young people . he has repeatedly stressed that i have any achievements now , not to see myself , but to rely on cultivating young people .
mr. jin said : at the age of 50 , wang xuan began to pay attention to cultivating young people . he has always stressed that he wants to pave the way , and wants to be willing to be a human ladder and give way to young people .
ju is a very successful scientist , and it is very difficult to get involved .
the reporter learned from the beijing university news center that from 09:00 on 15 february to 1200 hours on 19 february , the weather of wang xuan 's coffin was opened to the public from 09:00 a. m . to 1100 hours a day , and people from all walks of life were paying their respects .
he was famous for his career as vice chairman of the chinese academy of sciences , and he lun , a professor at the third institute of engineering of china , professor wang xuan of the world academy of sciences , who was on no way out of illness , was admitted to the beijing hiking college at 11:33 on 13 february at the beijing hiking hospital . he died at the age of 70 .
npc holds talks with chilean parliament beijing , march 21
wu bangguo attended the signing ceremony and signed the agreement .
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) li peng , chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) , attended a meeting of the chinese national people 's congress ( npc ) and the chilean parliament on the signing of the agreement on the establishment of political dialogue , which was held at the great hall of the people on the afternoon of the 15th .
the chinese npc and the chilean parliament officially set up a mechanism for exchanges .
it is reported that senate president romero and chamber of deputies speaker asencio have held a meeting in santiago , the capital of chile , to sign the agreement .
according to the agreement , the two sides will , in accordance with the principles laid down in the communique on the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and chile , establish political dialogue between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament , set up a dialogue committee , and take turns to hold regular meetings between the two countries to jointly promote the comprehensive development of bilateral relations .
chilean ambassador to china kalrah attended the signing ceremony .
china to promulgate regulations on protection of information network dissemination
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has set up a large number of websites to reprint newspapers and magazines , according to a report released by the newspaper and magazine , but many have not been authorized and have not paid the expenses , and so on , and the state copyright bureau 's copyright bureau 's copyright bureau , wang ziqiang , has been interviewed by reporters at a press conference held on the 15th .
wang ziqiang said : according to the stipulations of the current law , the works published in the newspapers and periodicals can not be used without any official statements . papers and periodicals can be sold without the consent of the author , and at the same time pay for the work . the state copyright bureau has specially set the standards for the reprinted payment of papers and periodicals in accordance with the law .
however , according to the existing law , the newspaper and periodical publishing houses are entitled to this legal license . at present , the internet does not enjoy such a legal license .
according to the relevant judicial interpretations of the supreme people 's court , the method of using the statutory license for newspapers and periodicals can be applied to the internet , that is , the articles published on the internet , and the author did not make any short statement that the internet could not be used without permission , and at the same time pay .
however , as judicial interpretations do not have a requirement on remuneration standards , in actual use of these works by the internet , there is no payment .
regarding the use of these short works published by the internet , is it applicable to the legal permission , and needs to be determined by the level of law ?
wang ziqiang said : whether or not the reform has been incorporated into the scope of law and whether or not the regulations on protecting the right to disseminate information networks have been promulgated this year .
russian military says no resolution on georgian parliament 's peace - keeping operation
moscow , february 15 ( xinhua ) the russian defense ministry said today that the russian military will continue to maintain the military ties with the chinese people , and that the georgian parliament will not allow any military action in the near future
the russian state duma ( lower house ) and the cis affairs committee chairman , konzin , said on the same day that the georgian parliament 's resolution on the russian peacekeeping force will undermine the stability of the region and pose a serious threat to russian - georgian relations .
he stressed that the resolution of the georgian parliament has further deteriorated russian - georgian relations .
he said : the us side 's accusations against russia are absurd .
the georgian parliament passed a resolution on the same day , calling on russian peacekeeping forces to stop their peacekeeping operations in the south ossetia , but it has not set a specific deadline for the withdrawal of russian peacekeeping troops .
georgia 's parliament accuses russian peacekeepers of not fulfilling their obligations and of taking actions taken by russia in the conflict area as an attempt to go along with the georgian territory .
the parliament urged the government to take active action to consider the possibility of entering the area of south ossetia conflict to replace the current peacekeeping operations carried out by russia in the region .
the parliament also instructed the government to revise the decision on the entry of russian peacekeeping personnel into the conflict area .
the south ossetia is an autonomous state of georgia , and is bordering the republic of north ossetia , russia .
after the disintegration of the former soviet union , the united states declared independence on its own and was in a state of confrontation with the georgian central government for a long time .
at present , russia has a 500 - member peacekeeping battalion in the region .
the military was established in 1992 in the northern turkestan islands of russia 's sherngau , erez , and ossetia .
the four responsible persons of the liaoyuan hospital will be prosecuted for suspected major accident and
changchun , february 16 ( xinhua ) a total of 1,650 patients have been killed and more than 1,200 injured in a fire at a hospital in central liaoyuan , jilin province , said the accident investigation group , which has decided to investigate the cause of the fire
on 15 december 2005 , the lufeng hospital , the largest hospital in liaoyuan city , was hit by a fire , and 39 people were killed in the end .
in this fire , the fire area exceeded 5,000 square meters .
it is learned that this is the first time that the medical and health system has been in a fires since the founding of new china .
according to investigations , at about 16:30 on the day of the incident , the central hospital of liaoyuan suddenly stopped the power supply . according to the hospital 's circuit design , if the power was suspended , the power gates of the power box will automatically jump to the deputy gate , and continue to maintain normal power supply in the hospital . however , the electrical engineering squad leader zhang diankun was not automatically jumped .
the underground cable line that ran smoke at that time was in trouble , and more than 10 cable tracks were unsealed and were like this , and the cable should be well placed and put up , and fire - prevention layers should be set up .
therefore , the 57 - year - old leader of the electrical installation team of liaoyuan company , zhao yongchun , was a retired cadre of the liaoning provincial power bureau ( senior engineer ) sun fenglin , after retired staff of the liaoyuan city center hospital , and three others were also arrested for suspected major responsibility .
china 's rural tourism industry opens first tour in tin lung
guiyang , february 16 ( xinhua ) the guiyang oil field in the county of pingba county of guizhou province on the morning of the 16th was wearing a festive mask , with a smile of joy .
at 10:30 , after the five - year greetings event ended , the young lady , who was in a young and long - decorated shirt , sounded the first tour of guizhou for chinese rural tourism .
tin lung tuen po village is a typical representative of guizhou village tourism development and a national rural tourism demonstration point .
as the yukos descendants of the ming dynasty , the xingdushi of the 600 - year - old yu dynasty , has a history of more than a year .
here , one can see how blue loud long loud is wearing a long blue gowns , the ancient han culture and costumes are preserved in the villages of tuen mun .
it is learned that tianlong village relies on this cultural and traditional advantage and has started to develop rural cultural tourism since 2002 . in 2005 , ticket revenue alone reached 38 - million yuan . there are 477 percent of peasant households in the village ; they sold such commodities through cuisine and transportation , and the per capita income of farmers has increased from 1,300 to over 200 yuan in 2002 to 1,500 yuan in 2005 .
yang shengming , director of the guizhou provincial tourism bureau , explained that following the first tour of tianlong , there was a new upsurge in rural areas around the new tour of the new tour , and new experience the new wind was the theme . this year all localities in guizhou will launch various rural tourism activities of 35 .
so far , guizhou has carried out over 130 village tourism projects in various villages . by 2005 , over 60 million peasant households in the province had freed themselves from poverty through developing tourism .
housing prices in 70 cities rose 5.5 percent in january , while housing prices in shanghai continued to fall
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the country 's economy grew by 8.4 percent in january , the largest increase in more than 10 years , according to the national bureau of statistics ( nbs ) .
shanghai housing prices continued to slide .
the state development and reform commission , the state statistics bureau , released the statistics on 16 june , shows that most of the 70 large and medium cities , the housing sales prices rose slightly in january compared with the same period last year , and the rate of increase in shanghai housing sales continues to drop by a small margin , which was 0.4 percent lower than the same period last year .
the same - way statistics show that in the first quarter of last year , the housing sales prices in shanghai also rose by 19.1 percent over the same period last year . after that , there was a turning point , showing a slight decline in the second half of last year .
in january this year , the prices of newly built commercial housing in 70 large and medium cities rose 6.9 percent over the same period last year , and the increase rate was 0.2 percentage points lower than that of last month .
new commercial housing , which is higher than the same period of increase , include dalian , 18.9 percent , hohhot , and haote 7percent , shenzhen 10.09 percent , chengdu no. 1 9 percent , beijing 8.4 percent , and shanghai , which was 3.1 percent lower than the same period of the previous year .
the central organization department has demanded that supervision over the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres be further strengthened .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the central organization department recently issued a document on strengthening supervision over cadres .
the " opinions " urged organization departments at all levels to proceed from strict management and care for cadres , to make supervision run through the entire process of cadre education examination , and to select and appoint cadres in all the links of daily management , and establish and improve a supervisory work mechanism that has been established and perfected in time for prevention and that is necessary to rectify in a timely manner , and earnestly strengthen supervision over the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing leading cadres .
the " opinions " pointed out : the main tasks of supervision over cadres by organization departments are , first , supervision over leading bodies and leading cadres . the stress is on strengthening supervision over the principal responsible persons of leading bodies ; second , supervision over the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres in party and government organizations should be focused on the implementation of the " regulations on the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres in party and government organizations . "
in supervision of leading bodies and leading cadres , the opinions put forward that we should unswervingly do a good job in education in ideals and convictions and in the work of fighting corruption and advocating ethical governance , and should guide and supervise leading cadres in strengthening their party spirit and in building the party for the public and exercising state power for the people , and build an ideological and moral defense line against corruption and degeneration .
when conducting the newly promoted cadres ' work in their posts , it is necessary to set clear requirements on honesty and self - discipline .
we should supervise leading bodies at all levels to uphold democratic centralism , establish and improve rules and procedures for discussing matters , conscientiously implement the system of combining collective leadership with individual division of work .
we should give prominence to supervision over the principal responsible persons of leading bodies , and the responsible persons of organization ( personnel ) departments should often talk to the principal leaders of the lower level , understand their thinking and work style , and other situations .
establish and improve the system of routine management and supervision of leading cadres , and regularly analyze the ideological and work style of the leading cadres , so as to put forward views and measures for resolving problems .
leading cadres should be admonished , talk , and letter - to - demand systems and should be inscribed to warn or inquire about any symptoms of any symptoms .
we should pay attention to the conspicuous problems reported by the masses , and should see to it that problems found in the case are criticized and educated by the party organization or the corresponding organizations , and those that constitute violation of discipline and law are turned over to the discipline and law enforcement organs ; we should clarify in appropriate ways those who have really had no problems through the investigation .
at the same time , it has integrated strengthening supervision with encouraging cadres to explore new ways and blaze new trails , and paid attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the " opinions " called on organization ( personnel ) departments at all levels to earnestly strengthen supervision over the work of selecting and appointing party and government leading cadres .
further improve the mechanism of recommendation and recommendation of cadres , and the discussion of the relevant issues , and strictly implement the system of selecting and appointing cadres in order to ensure that they are politically reliable and competent in their work .
we should strengthen the inspection of the implementation of the regulations on appointing cadres , and severely investigate and deal with acts that violate the regulations on appointing cadres , and resolutely check unhealthy trends and corrupt phenomena in selecting and appointing cadres .
the practice of a system of supervising and inspecting the problem of serious violations of rules and regulations has intensified supervision , handling , and handling .
establish and improve a system to affix responsibility for the work of selecting and appointing cadres , and scientifically define the responsibilities and responsibilities of all links in the work of selecting and appointing cadres in accordance with the principle of unanimity in power and responsibility , clarify the method of investigating and affixing responsibility , and intensify the investigation and affixing of those involved .
we should give full play to the role of supervision by the masses and establish and improve a mechanism for easy and highly efficient reporting .
we should give play to the role of supervision by public opinion , and report to the news media on the relevant situation of the work of selecting and appointing cadres at an appropriate time and accept supervision by public opinion .
the " opinions " pointed out : it is necessary to further improve the mechanism of coordination and cooperation in cadre supervision work .
organization ( personnel ) departments should strengthen their cooperation with discipline inspection organs , establish a work mechanism with discipline inspection organs in the work of improving party style and building a clean and honest administration among cadres , and establish a system of liaison responsibility and system with the departments concerned , so as to strengthen their joint force of supervision .
and work with discipline inspection organs to conscientiously do a good job in inspecting work , improve inspection methods , improve inspection systems , and improve inspection quality .
in coordination with auditing organs , they have conscientiously implemented the system of auditing leading cadres ' economic responsibilities .
improve the internal supervision mechanism for the work of selecting and appointing cadres in organization departments .
taiwan authorities reject taiwan 's investment in mainland china
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the taiwan authorities ' economic affairs department decided on the 15th to punish taiwan 's chiu shiu pei - hsiung , one of the two major cities ( short for short ) , and to relegate the chiu - yu company in violation of regulations to assist in setting up business operations in the mainland and in establishing chain companies .
taiwan 's " chung - kuo shih - pao " said that chen shui - bian 's active management and the effective opening of cross - strait economic and trade policies have been initiated by the taiwan authorities , and the first instance is the punishment imposed on taiwan businessmen investing on the mainland .
according to reports , the lounge of the ministry of economy , the people involved in the joint power company , were sentenced to imprisonment because of the regulations governing cross - strait relations between the people and the procedures for licensing investment or technical cooperation in the mainland area .
in the future , the drill will examine the situation and discuss the situation with former chairman cao xingcheng and others .
the joint electric case started in february 2005 . at that time , taiwan 's prosecutors mobilized as many as 100 people to jointly call on high - level officials ' homes and offices .
cao xingcheng , then chairman of the board of directors of the united microelectronics company , openly stated that united microelectronics did not violate any provisions of the taiwan authorities . the united microelectronics has provided assistance to the suzhou warship science and technology company in order to gain long - term benefits from united microelectronics . if united microelectronics fails to enter the mainland market as soon as possible , it will lose business opportunities .
after that , the taiwan authorities ' lan supervision and management committee has violated the regulations on commercial information disclosure by imposing fines on lianhe electric company for 3 - million yuan .
on january 9 , 2006 , the board of directors of the united microelectronics corporation accepted the resignation of cao xingcheng . after several hours , cao xingcheng was formally indicted for suspected investment in the mainland .
the joint venture with taiwan 's kansai company ( called chiu taiwan ) , called shijing shixiong [ taiwan ] , is a leading enterprise of high technology on the island .
over the past year , the taiwan authorities have been under the close attention of people of all circles on the island in their investigation and handling of the joint power company .
second time i have learned about macao 's affairs : macao 's ruins race has opened a new chapter in the history of chinese worldwide .
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the second time i have experienced the branches of macao 's essay race on the 17th ,
the pageant was jointly organized by the macao foundation and the perpetual arts and cultural publishing house , " the overseas edition of the plate " . chen jiangong , vice chairman of the chinese writers association , and others were appointed as the director of the appraisal committee .
in 2004 , on the fifth anniversary of macao 's return to the motherland , macao 's penniless cultural race was held in my heart , and literary lovers at home and abroad responded positively to the call . the organizing committee received more than 8,000 entries , and more than 10 winners at home and abroad were invited to the macao sar to receive the award .
wu chih - liang , executive member of the macao foundation , gave a briefing on the 17th . last year , the historical city of macao was listed as a world cultural heritage list . this means that the lifestyle and community management model of the people of macao have been affirmed for a long time , and this also implies that the chinese nation and the different cultural traditions of the macao special administrative region have been inherited and developed by different stages of the chinese nation and the different stages
wu said it was precisely under such a good cultural atmosphere that the mtf and the perpetual literature and art publishing house decided to cooperate again . the second annual conference of the mood of macao will be held in macao 's hearts , hoping that the participants will learn from the art works to display the patriotic sentiments of loving macao and display the elegant and unique cultural features of macao and the peaceful and auspicious vitality of the special administrative region .
according to the briefing , the competition , which was concluded on 1 september this year , will open a special column to select and publish the entries .
after the results of the selection are announced , the macao sar will hold a prize presentation ceremony in early 2007 .
shandong takes measures to transplant infants
jinan , february 17 ( xinhua ) the capital city of jinan has been hit by a severe heart disease in the past few days , according to a report released by the jinan military region 's center for cardiovascular disease control and heart transplant .
on the 17th , reporters saw in the weighing room that the baby 's face was red - runk for 51 days after the operation , and all monitoring and inspection indicators were normal . after the dangerous period of the operation , he was playing with great interest the baby he bought by medical and health personnel .
according to the medical doctor who received the diagnosis that day , the child from taian rural area in shandong was taken to the hospital by his parents , and was in a purple and difficult respiratory conditions . after examination and diagnosis , cyancyanosis was diagnosed , and was required to carry out heart transplant .
heart transplant operations are the most difficult and most difficult of the heart surgery .
in particular , patients under the age of one are suffering from heart transplant operations in their country .
the institute of cardiovascular disease under the jinan military region organized experts to repeatedly demonstrate and carefully design a surgery and post - operation care plan , innovating on the method of keeping blood vessels in line with the required standards , and conducting animal experiments .
at 08:00 on 28 december 2005 , the operation officially started .
the body was born of a patient who died of an anthropyric lung failure .
the surgery was a combination of six blood vessels , more than 510 needles , and less than 3 mm each needle .
after 295 minutes , the operation was completely successful .
china 's state administration of supervision and control ( sat ) : coal mine safety supervision bureau
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) four cases of bird flu have been reported in beijing , according to the ministry of agriculture .
on the 17th , this reporter learned from the state administration of supervision and management of production safety that to truly check the frequent occurrence of coal mine and other major accidents , it is also the most important among all the major coal mines .
this year , the state administration of supervision and administration of state safety will tackle the following three things well :
lingering on to do a good job in vas management .
the vas management will take the experience first and put it in a prominent position this year .
if the gaovales mine does not implement the method of pulling out first , it should be ordered to immediately stop production according to law .
the practice of studying the theory has continued to tackle the problem of overhauling and closing the army .
we should turn the 5243 projects that have been made public to society and the 700 - plus coal mines that have been recently reported by various localities into one , which have been closed to death .
we should regard closure as our regular work and continuously close down those places that damage resources and environmental pollution do not have safety conditions .
xi jianwu strengthen basic management of coal mines .
it is necessary to immediately correct the practices of clamoring about the slipping of large state - owned mines and guiding and managing disorderly small mines to establish a standardized safety management system .
in particular , we must pay attention to key state - owned coal mines , and absolutely not allow superintensity and overintensity production of personnel .
this year 's production safety control index demands that the number of deaths of all kinds in the country decreased by 3 percent compared with last year , among which the coal mine dropped by 3.5 percent .
the first serious accident that killed more than 10 people was a drop of 5 percent , of which the coal mine dropped by 7percent .
these control indices have been assigned to the people 's governments at all levels , and every locality is implementing them at the grassroots level and in the enterprise .
the total number of coal mine accidents in the country was 5986 , down 0.77 percent year - on - year .
however , the accident of more than 10 people killed in a fire has raised its head , and the number of victims has increased by 66.6 percent over the same period last year .
barroso urges all parties to reach agreement on kosovo 's future status
belgrade , february 17 ( xinhua ) the president of the pleshkia , the european commission ( ec ) , announced here today that the european union ( eu ) will continue to strengthen its cooperation with the european union ( eu ) in the process of the future status of kosovo .
barroso met separately with sergio , president of the provisional authority of kosovo , serbian national representative , and other representatives . he said to the media that the parties concerned in kosovo should adopt a tolerant attitude and establish a democratic and multi - ethnic kosovo , and that a kosovo which respects the government 's ruling power and protects the rights and interests of ethnic minorities should be recognized by the international community .
he also stressed that the european commission would do its best to help kosovo develop .
barroso also expressed his appreciation for kosovo 's efforts in implementing the eight standards set by the united nations for the democratic process in kosovo .
he said that the implementation of these standards is the key factor affecting kosovo 's integration with europe .
he also called on all serbs in kosovo to join the various organizations in kosovo , and to make their own contribution to the realization of democracy and the integration of various nationalities .
barroso arrived in pristina on the same day for a one - day visit .
barroso visited croatia and serbia and montenegro earlier , and will visit albania and bosnia .
( winter olympic games , doping ) news analysis : there may be no end to the dispatch of leava .
duilin , february 17 ( xinhua ) the central government has decided to send a special envoy to the country , the central government said here today
xinhua news agency reporter gao ying
although italy has repeatedly issued orders and said that the number of people who used the stimulant during the turin winter olympic games may be faced with the mysterious operation of the prison , judging from various situations , such a situation is not likely to happen in this winter olympics .
the turin winter olympic games opened on the 16th , its first stimulant scandal since its opening . the o'lev was discovered and used in the illegal drug card .
the international olympic committee announced the next day that leava had been expelled from the winter olympics , and the winter medals she had won at this winter olympics were 15 km in the women 's 15 km individual games .
the two - day international winter season alliance made a decision on the same day on the paraguay bowls ' ban for two years .
the international olympic committee has all along stipulated that athletes are found to be using stimulants at the olympic games and will be eliminated and their qualifications for the games are deprived of the right to participate , but they are not subject to legal sanctions .
however , according to italian laws , the athletes ' carrying and using stimulants is a criminal act , and the judicial organs have the right to directly arrest and investigate the athletes using stimulants and to defy the law for three months to three years .
last december , the international olympic committee and the italian government , through one year 's effort , finally reached an agreement after a year of bargaining . both sides agreed to set prices on the basis of italian laws during the current winter olympic games .
with the unremitting efforts of the international olympic committee , italy made concessions four days before the opening of the winter olympic games , promising that the police would not enter the olympic village to search the athlete 's residence , but the drug - tested athletes will still accept the investigation by italian procuratorial organs .
according to reports , the italian government monitors the officials of the turin winter olympics , perceivan , who have already handed over the doping incident to the duin procuratorate .
however , the ioc and peter kant have not confirmed the case .
russian team medical team leader hamid mmittov revealed at noon on the 17th that lev had already left duin and returned to his country .
he has been a member of the chinese sports officials , shi kangcheng , who has been in the world anti - doping agency for many years , believes that the matter will eventually be settled without the conclusion .
shi guangsheng said : the ioc and the italian government have carried out a series of cooperation on the anti - doping of the winter , and even the italian procuratorial organs have really intervened in this affair , and it is hard to say that the result was very difficult .
according to the previous incidents of stimulant use by italian athletes , the number of illegal immigrants received by the banned is only the most severe punishment since the two years ' imprisonment was suspended for two years .
therefore , italian andrea 's senior reporter pierre said that the possibility of sending leopa to jail is hardly as good as it is , at most , a fine .
pierre also said that although the italian court can conduct a biddle , it is impossible for the italian police to go abroad to capture and serve the execution by sending lenovo .
if a leava refuses to accept the verdict , the italian side will not be able to take her .
the new epidemic spot continues to appear in countries around the world , with the number of people being severely protected by the disease
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the bird flu epidemic has spread further in the african continent , according to a xinhua report .
the world health organization confirmed on the 17th that three areas in egypt had been found to have been infected with bird flu virus .
in europe , france discovered for the first time that the 5 type of bird flu virus was discovered in africa , and stressed epidemic prevention measures were heightened in africa .
the world health organization 's east mediterranean region advisor hassan bush told the press in egypt on the 17th that the current situation in the middle of egypt 's cities of jasa and the southern areas of minaa in the south of muja has discovered 5 - 1 bird flu virus infection , and the relevant departments of the egyptian government have already started slaughtering suspected poultry .
the experts pointed out that egypt is the major source of migratory birds in the middle east and north africa , and that migratory birds are likely to bring the avian flu virus into the country .
egypt has already announced that it has banned the import of live birds from abroad and has also strengthened quarantine work at border ports .
the two - day meeting , which opened here today , was attended by more than 800 people .
cameroon has decided to suspend imports from nigeria from bird flu , where all poultry and pork have been imported and temporarily suspended from the markets of all the poultry and related products in the two countries ' border .
the government of cameroon has also built a nationwide epidemic monitoring network within a short period of time , and the country 's basque center and national veterinary laboratory are in an emergency state of order , to facilitate the start of the all - embankment testing of the country 's anchorage .
in europe , denmark and sweden , the epidemic was initially ruled out on the 17th .
the swedish veterinary institute released a report on the results of the tests on the dead swans found on wednesday , indicating that sweden 's swans had no bird flu virus .
the results of the preliminary tests by the danish state veterinary administration also showed that 30 dead swans were found in denmark recently .
however , the agriculture department said denmark could not lower its guard .
romania has been hit by nine bird flu - hit areas in eastern europe this year , and who experts said in bucharest on the 17th that almost every place in the danube delta region has bird flu and must take this situation seriously , and romania may be infected by bird flu in the next three or five years .
in bangladesh , the government has taken all necessary measures to prevent bird flu .
the government livestock service bureau ( gpa ) has provided relevant officials with books on bird flu prevention and has also organized poultry keeping personnel to train them .
china 's first blood information sharing system opens in zhejiang
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the blood center of zhejiang province said here today that china 's first blood data management and control network system to share blood data has been officially established and put into use in the center .
a relevant responsible person of the zhejiang provincial blood center said that this means that any citizen will be involved in the extraction of a county ( the ju district ) in zhejiang in the future in the form of non - gratis donation by blood organizations , and there will be a unique code record . when he gives blood again , as long as he input the stem , he will record the blood donation by individual as a blood donation , and the blood donation , etc , will
the responsible person further explained that if the relevant code records are entered , the system shows that the blood donors are not able to pay for the blood donors even after a break , then the authorities will remind them that they do not meet the blood donation conditions .
this will not only protect the health of the donors themselves , but also effectively protect the health and safety of the blood users .
in addition , when the blood supply is tight , donors and their families have the right to give priority to blood use . as long as you input the valid documents of the donors , you can immediately display the blood donor information , which is quite convenient .
according to a report in hangzhou 's " morning post " , the information system has now been installed in all 36 blood collecting and supporting organizations throughout the province , and the blood resources of various blood collection and supply organizations in the province can also be displayed in real time , and data sharing throughout the province can be realized .
to prevent another landslide , 11 villages in the philippines evacuated from emergency
manila , february 18 ( xinhua ) the philippine government has decided to remove the village from the eastern philippines from the southern philippines , the philippine local official said on monday .
the official of the south lesotho province , rosiez , said on the same day that these villages had a direct link with the village which was hit by a landslide on the 17th .
the residents of 11 villages that were evacuated will be resettled in seven evacuated centers .
larias said : the government yesterday ordered residents to evacuate , and today it sent people to inspect these villages , because some people do not want to leave their homes .
the mountain slide incident occurred on the 17th in the saint - sodium town in the south of south lynthk province , a village relying on mountains . looking from the television , the soil and stone have been buried in the entire village , and can only be seen several roofs .
since the soil is very thick and thick and the humidity is very high , the hope that those buried below can survive is extremely insignificant .
at present , 109 people have been found dead and 57 others have been rescued .
according to estimates , the death toll of the accident may reach as high as 1,800 .
( overseas chinese community in fujian 's southern area ) quanzhou , january exports grew 35.2 percent year - on - year in first month of this year
fuzhou , february 19 ( xinhua ) the city 's foreign trade exports continued to grow at a high speed in january this year , according to a report released by the provincial bureau of statistics ( nbs ) .
according to customs statistics , quanzhou realized exports of 330 million us dollars in january , setting the best record , an increase of 35.2 percent over the same period last year , which was higher than the average growth level of the province .
according to the analysis of the quanzhou city foreign trade bureau , the main reason for the high growth in quanzhou 's foreign trade in january was due to the role of many measures of foreign trade support service measures in quanzhou , enterprise export enthusiasm was running high , quanzhou was operating actively , enterprise confidence was strengthened , and the environment for the development of foreign trade was smooth and unimpeded .
