the dead concubine carrying the information of the diarrhea was stolen .
london , june 6 , 2007
the daily express in london pointed out that the two diana princess diana 's car accident in paris in 1997 was reported to have been reported to have been reported to the police chief of the former metropolitan police chief .
the theft case caused a series of speculations , including the use of computer software , which was previously used by the former cosmopolitan police chief sir steve steven jackson .
however , a metropolitan police spokeswoman said that the computer was not in any sensitive position and that the computer was not connected with the investigation .
sir steve steven is a member of the nothia police station in britain , and his office is in the stewart center in the west bank of the tamil river .
the report said that the norsam police station 's cadre had been working for 10 days and had been investigating two theft cases .
a traffic accident occurred between january 28 and 29 .
the ethiopian police also said that there was no evidence that the two theft cases were related to sir stavo vincent .
steven vincent stoiber has been tracing the cause of death of crown prince williams , not directly leading the cause of the accident .
the royal autopsy , bruges , ordered in 2004 to continue to investigate the evidence .
the princess diana died in a hospital in paris on august 31 , 1997 when she died in a traffic accident . she died with her at that time and her wife , fayed and her driver .
after two years of investigation , the french police believed that the driver was drunk and took drugs and that the driver was driving a speedboat out of control and caused a tragedy .
sri lanka 's warring parties agree to hold talks in geneva late this month
afp , lome , 7 th .
the united states , the european union , the european union , the united states , the european union , the united states , russia , japan , russia , and japan on tuesday agreed to start talks in geneva on the 22 nd of this month in geneva , but the talks have been stalled for three years .
the norwegian peace envoy , somalam , met with the liberation tigers of tamil eelam in london , and signed the peace agreement after meeting barzer khan .
the norwegian embassy in beijing said in a statement that the clashes between sri lanka and sri lanka are caused by the conflict between the sri lankan government and the tamil eilan liberation tiger , asking the norwegian government to assist in holding talks on sri lanka on february 23 , two days after the norwegian government statement on february 22 .
the two - day talks will focus on how to strengthen the negotiations on the delimitation of the cease - fire agreement that will come into effect on 23 february 2002 , and the agreement has never been fully observed by both sides .
the norwegian embassy said that the two sides will discuss ways to improve the implementation of the cease - fire agreement , which is also the first time that the two sides have held face - to - face talks on such a high level in the past three years .
serheim said that he would lead the norwegian team to participate in the negotiations , and the team of four members of the tamil eelam liberation tiger led by barbarshhan , while the sri lankan government was led by health minister .
he said : this is the path leading to peace .
the former government of sri lanka has been holding face - to - face talks on resolving the ethnic conflict in japan in march 2003 , but the two sides of the strait have been canceled by the tamil eelam liberation tiger organization ( pap ) , which originally scheduled to hold its seventh round of talks in april 2003 in thailand .
the opening of the winter olympics in duilin , the south and north korean team joining hands to enter the olympics
afp , daley , 10 th .
the 20th winter olympics held a grand opening ceremony in dushin today . during the cold war period , the south and north korea , which were enemies of each other , played a part in the joint team 's arrival .
south korean women 's skating competitor lee bowra and north korean men 's flower - type skating competitor han zhengjen were respectively the masters of their respective national flags and led south china athlete shanku to enter the winter olympic games stadium .
this was the first time south korea and north korea had a successful olympic team in winter olympics .
to reflect the recent improvement of the two sides ' spirit of unity , the year 2001 sydney olympics and the 2004 olympics in athens will be held . the south korean and north korean sides will sign a peace agreement .
north korea has not participated in the us salt lake city 's 19 th winter olympics .
the korean peninsula was divided into a capitalist republic of korea and a communist north korea in 1948 , and both sides had a summit meeting in the korean peninsula from 1950 to 1953 .
south korean leaders visited china in 2000
according to tradition , the greek delegation is the first country to enter the competition , and the team has won the championship in 80 countries .
the founder of the monument , mr justice kohler , is the last country to enter the exhibition .
holland has been addicted to drugs and has come to a close at once .
new york , 16 th ( afp )
it is recognized that it is the most hopeful candidate to win the title of the oscar movie this year , the movie " the emperor " : the hot blood wine , the white male archer , flowerman , in paipukovman , revealed that he was once indulged in drugs and wine with little rabbit of a year , and fortunately , he succeeded in the end , and then he could create a peak of his own performing career .
in an interview with cbs news magazine , holland scored 60 minutes of visit to china , but the time was not far off when he had received drugs and wine .
at that time , he had only 20 fights and just graduated from the new york university drama department , entered the bright and beautiful society , and every day he was rapidly rotating , finally he became a coma , swollen , and lost control .
he was in the age of 22 and became a member of the buffer center .
the upcoming apec meeting to be held next month will be a major event for both countries .
before this , his superb performance had long been affirmed and had received many awards .
the 38 - year - old actor said during the interview that if he did not painfully express his determination to correct his bad habit before becoming famous , he might not be able to get the nomination of oscar .
he said he envied many young people who were in their 19 s and suddenly became rich in name .
trace of avian flu in europe , liya people feel panic
brussels , april 16 , 2007
bird flu virus traces continually in europe , causing panic .
eu executive committee approves another measure to reestablish a buffer zone to control the entire area of infected countries , prohibiting all birds from being infected with biological trade .
africa 's nigeria is also the first country in the world to discover its deadly h5n1 virus after it was discovered in africa .
egyptian officials are investigating a chicken farm in the south of the country which suddenly killed a group of chickens , fearing that the virus may continue to spread .
the european chicken market is affected by the virus , and the big decline is a big one . the european commission stresses that there is no reason to panic .
the executive committee is responsible for the health and food safety executive committee , the executive committee , said that the public is concerned about this matter , but it does not need to react too much .
the virus is further isolated from the three - kilometer area of a virus spot and 10 - kilometer - long alert zone , the european commission has also proposed new regulations to include the entire european area where the virus is discovered in the reserve area , and it is hot to the region .
a us military official , who declined to be named , pointed out that everyone is nervous and very nervous . they are handling matters of the security of the " no - confidence " virus that has been broken out from various parts of europe every day .
the european region has so far found a total of austria 's national reconstruction project , its western cape , its southern country , its southern country , its southern province , the country of romania , and its neighboring country , including slovakia , south africa , and south africa .
romania discovered the 31 st case on the 16 th , and slovenia , the republic of greece and the ruugen island of germany , also found new cases .
the southern part of italy was found on two ducks .
the most worrying thing now is that the european union officials will soon fly back from africa .
the nigerian government is working to prevent the spread of viruses in the african continent to humans .
the nigerian government announced that all poultry in the affected farms within five kilometers of the border area of fowl , no matter whether they are infected by the virus , will be destroyed .
the government of neighboring countries of niger announced that the country was on alert and allocated $ 4 million in emergency plans to monitor and monitor the situation along the borders of nigeria .
the newly established state emergency committee said that they had received notification that after the two countries had become more isolated in the loose border , the gala , with nearly 400 birds and birds , died .
the new management regulations of the china electronics bank will take effect on 1 march .
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a special committee to deal with the problem of the " overheating " in the electronic banking industry , according to the china banking regulatory commission ( cbrc )
" the banking regulatory commission has decided to set up a system for the management of foreign - funded financial institutions , and the system for foreign banks to approve the opening of internet banking business will be considered in the event of additional internet banking business , " said a spokesman for the banking regulatory commission of china .
to standardize the practice of commercial banks using the internet to develop banking business , in june 2001 , the people 's bank of china promulgated and promulgated the " provisional measures for the management of internet banking business . "
" the banking sector is now in a period of time , and the banking sector is now in a period of time , " said a spokesman for the banking regulatory commission ( cbrc ) .
according to a cbrc spokesman , the cbrc has a positive evaluation of the quality of safety evaluation institutions , and is different from the nature of administrative licensing in terms of trade access or enterprise access . it is not an evaluation institution 's procedures for conducting the electronic banking safety evaluation business . it is only a matter of reference for financial institutions when they choose to assess their institutions .
as long as the safety evaluation organization meets the relevant conditions and requirements , even without the approval of the cbrc , the financial institution may also engage its personnel to carry out an electronic banking safety evaluation , but it should conduct management according to the relevant regulations .
the " procedures on management of electronic banking business " have nine chapters and 99 sections , which are divided into seven major categories , application for change and management of risk management , and transfer of management services from abroad , management of cross - border business activities , management of laws , responsibility , and supplementary rules .
the edi guidelines are issued in five chapters and 57 articles , which include security assessments in 57 institutions .
" mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , chen yun on investigation and study " published
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the " mao zedong week , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , deng xiaoping , and deng xiaoping on investigation and study " edited by the central party literature research center was published recently by the central party literature publishing house .
and conduct investigations and studies in depth and in real life , and persist in integrating theory with practice , so as to formulate and implement correct lines , principles , and policies and to build the basic experience of the cpc in leading the revolution and the basic work method .
mao zedong enjie and zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , deng xiaoping , deng xiaoping , and other revolutionaries of the older generation , once made important speeches on the investigation and study of issues and made many brilliant expositions . they also frequently went to the grass - roots level to personally conduct social surveys and writings on many investigation reports .
the practice and results of their investigation and study are of great and far - reaching significance to guiding the cause of the party and the people to develop along the correct road .
" mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , chen yun on investigation and study " is divided into three parts : the first part is the older generation of revolutionaries such as mao zedong and others on investigation and study , and the second part is the older generation of revolutionaries such as mao zedong and other revolutionaries on investigation and study , and the third part was the first part of the three major revolutionaries of the older generation of mao zedong 's faction
most of these surveys were published in public for the first time .
in addition , there are two articles on the background of the central leaders ' investigation and study in the 1950s and 60s of the last century .
russia reiterates adherence to one - china policy
moscow , february 6 ( xinhua ) russia will continue to support the european union ( eu ) in its efforts to promote the development of its relations with china , deputy foreign minister alexander alexeyev said here today
alekseyev said that russia has noticed that chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence .
the russian government has consistently adhered to the one - china principle and firmly supported china 's efforts to achieve the great cause of national reunification .
last year , the chinese national people 's congress passed the anti - secession law , russia took the lead in openly expressing its support .
alekseyev said that the russian foreign ministry will issue a statement as soon as possible to reiterate the one - china stand and oppose taiwan independence .
china , us to hold third meeting on taiwan issue beijing , feb. 25
xinhua news agency , johannesburg , february 6 ( reporter chen ming ) - - the chinese people 's association of overseas chinese in fuqing , fujian province , in the early morning of the 5th local time , was robbed by local militants and injured in a bar in south africa . on the morning of the 6th , the burundi hospital in south africa 's capital of burundi was rescued and died instantly .
according to the president of the federation of chinese people in liberia , the incident occurred in the 130 - odd kilometers northwest of burundi , vikkkamov , a restaurant in the city of wellington .
at that time , the owner , lin yixing , picked up the goods inside the bar and prepared to end the business for one day .
at this time , three customers were still in the shop , one of whom was knocked out with a pistol to enter the bar and robbed .
lin yixing , who is more than 40 years old , struggled with the robbers , and the gang fired a shot at lin yixing , and then fled .
the local people who heard the news rushed to the scene brought lin yixing to the hospital for treatment . due to the emergence of lin yixing 's body , the bloody hematopoieache disease , blood monies were not stopped in the small hours of 6 february , and died at about 3 : 30 on the morning of 6 february .
on 6 february , the chinese consulate general in jordan xu defu and wu jiawu , the chinese consulate general in south africa , and lin changming , vice president of the association of chinese fujian in south africa , rushed to burundi , where they assisted the family of the deceased .
lin yixing became the first person who was shot and killed by the culprits within 36 hours , and was also the third chinese who was killed in south africa since the beginning of this year .
( newspaper clippings ) shanghai : part - time personnel and graduates of institutions of higher learning become the main force for hours of work
beijing , february 7 ( xinhua ) the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau released the latest figure for the year 2006 , the prime price for labor and labor guidance , and the number of jobs in beijing reached 120 , 11 more than the previous year , and the salary of the original 11 places have increased , while the salary of the original positions has dropped .
according to the statistics of the labor and social security bureau of shanghai , the average wage rate for hours in shanghai has exceeded 1 million people .
according to a report in zhongguo qingnian bao , college graduates and part - time staff are the main component part of the small workforce .
through the examination of nearly 8,000 hours of work , over half of the people are part - time personnel , and the percentage is 51.1 percent .
the cultural level of part - time workers is generally higher , and they mainly engage in work on relatively technical issues such as translation , part - time personnel ratio is as high as 81.7 percent , and health - care personnel are 61.6 percent .
high income is the result of many people working concurrently for hours .
it is understood that the monthly income of individual posts can reach tens of thousands of yuan , and it will be difficult to get it , just as the sound of transcript , and the monthly income of the job of an hour can reach more than 2,000 yuan , such as the revenue of part - time financial service , ceremonies , etc.
to satisfy their own interests and expand their knowledge is also an hour - long job .
for example , when a company was the manager of the human resources department , he would spend several hours a week to handle the problem of a foreign - invested representative office .
mr koo considered that the greatest benefit for part - time work was to keep up our knowledge and to have opportunities to involve in another area , of course , the $ 2,000 per month income also had a certain amount of enticement .
as some hours of job placement is low , the form of employment is flexible and free , and many job - seekers are gradually favoring job opportunities , and 14,000 jobs are being created in the hours .
i did not want to do an hour job at the beginning , but i did a few months later , i felt that it was more than 90-5 hours , and it was like a little like that .
after graduating from college student huang , he found a job that was not satisfactory , and finally found a photo with a guesthouse . he played a piano to play a background music .
the current work is very satisfied . i am very satisfied with the environment .
it is understood that the hours of work have become a number of graduates who are seeking jobs , accumulating work experience , improving their skills , and enhancing communication skills , and developing social experience .
graduates engage in hours - time work mainly in knowledge and technical skills , such as the job of the graduates with a relatively strong professional ability and a relatively strong professional ability in interpreting , the art of performing arts , and the proportion of such positions is 22.1 % and 26.8 % respectively .
the job skills of some jobs in hours are not high , such as food promotion , food promotion employees , and jewellery dealers , and the unemployed are able to get a simple training .
the number of hours employed by the government was about 30.6 percent , the highest since the beginning of the year .
wu bangguo inspects anhui work , stresses importance of work in anhui
beijing , february 8 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will continue to implement the policy of " supporting the poor and healthy development of the western region " and the policy of " supporting the poor " with the three represents , namely , the thinking of the three represents , and the concept of scientific development , in guiding the overall situation of economic and social development , and in light of local realities , so as to further emancipate the mind and creatively unfold work and implement the scientific development concept in a concrete way
from 6 to 8 february , wu bangguo inspected the hongwuhu lake , wuxi , and other places in malian , and deeply - hi - tech institutes and institutes in rural areas .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui has advantages such as the southernmost area linking the west with the north , which is an important agricultural region in china , rich in natural resources , and fairly good industrial foundation . it has a strong scientific and educational strength , and enjoys abundant cultural and tourist resources . it has a tremendous potential for development .
anhui should firmly grasp the major opportunity of promoting the rise of central china , always adhere to the central task of economic construction , and seriously implement the central authorities ' principles and policies in close connection with anhui 's actual conditions , creatively carry out work , and implement the scientific development concept in concrete measures and in practical work .
we should sum up practical experience in a timely manner , fully rely on the masses , vigorously support reform and innovation , and constantly create a new situation in anhui work .
we should actively promote the building of a harmonious society , and properly safeguard the good situation of the overwhelming majority of the people in our country .
wu bangguo stressed : china has reached a stage where it is necessary to rely more on enhancing its ability to independently innovate and improving the quality of workers to promote economic and social development . only by vigorously promoting scientific and technological progress and innovation can we achieve a leap in the quality of productive forces and effectively turn economic and social development into the track of scientific development .
we should establish and improve as soon as possible a system and mechanism that are conducive to innovation , increase investment in science and technology , encourage patents to invent and develop famous brands , speed up the conversion of scientific and technological achievements into real productive forces , strengthen the status of enterprises as the main body in independent innovation , and constantly raise the contribution rate of scientific and technological progress to economic growth .
we should support and encourage the participation of key technological elements in distribution , establish and improve statistical indicators that reflect the ability to independently innovate , study and formulate financial and taxation policies and government procurement policies to support independent innovation , and form a mechanism that encourages independent innovation .
we should cultivate an innovative awareness in the whole society , vigorously advocate the spirit of daring to innovate and compete , and strive to create a good atmosphere for large numbers of talented people .
wu bangguo pointed out : the people 's congress has played an important role in building a socialist country ruled by law .
to do a good job in the work of people 's congresses in the new situation , first , we must uphold the correct political direction , unswervingly follow the road of socialist development , and integrate the upholding of the party 's leadership and the rule of law in governing the country .
second , we should closely center our work around the overall situation of the party and the state , closely center our work around major issues in reform , development , and stability , and closely focus on hot and difficult issues of common concern to the masses of the people , and constantly enhance the practical results of the work of the people 's congress .
third , it is necessary to give play to the characteristics and advantages of the work of the people 's congress , uphold democratic centralism , handle affairs strictly according to the procedures , and decide on the issue collectively .
we should persistently follow the mass line , take people as the foundation , exercise power for the people , have deep feelings for the people , and seek benefits for the people .
china has proposed that in the next 15 years , major scientific research plans should be implemented .
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will provide more than 100 million chinese workers with a total investment of $ 300,000 in the first half of this year , a report released by the state council on the 9 th said here today
these four major scientific projects are protein research and measuring and controlling research projects undertaken by the navel research and development research .
the outline points out that protein science is the product of the fierce contention of life science by developed countries at present .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on studying the remodeling of important biological systems , studying the protein group , the protein group , and the college of the mechanics , the basic genetic protein function and the mutually supporting function of the bio - biological technology based in the genetic and biological technology , protein research , and the research of related application .
the outline also holds that the study of measurement and control has obvious farsightedness and is likely to be able to produce a major impact on human social and economic development from 20-30 .
china should focus on studying the carrier and regulation and control principles and methods of gm communications , calculating the gps , and limited - capacity building .
in addition , the outline points out that nanometer technology has become a strategic choice for many countries to enhance their core competitiveness , and is also a field that china is hopeful to achieve leapfrog development .
in the next 15 years , china will focus its research on this area on the development of nanotechnology , which is capable of controlling the assembly of nanometer materials , functional , and the national health research center of the nagano biological biology and nanometer medicine , nanometric physiology , and nanometer material and nanometric technology .
china has a large population growth and a large number of births , and a serious shortage of transplanted organs , and the peak of aging is approaching . therefore , it is urgently necessary to make breakthroughs in the theory of reproductive and development and make technological innovations .
according to the outline , the total amount of investment in the research of stem cells will be increased by the year 2006 - 2020 , and the mature and well - trained cells will be developed with the physiological functions of the human body , and the mechanism for reversing the mortality , the security and ethics of the supplementary reproduction and stem cells .
shanghai 's real estate price increase dropped by nearly 7 percentage points last year
shanghai , february 9 ( xinhua ) shanghai 's industrial output value in 2005 reached 3-7 - billion yuan , up 3-4 percent over the previous year , according to the bureau of statistics .
according to the latest data released , last year the real estate industry in shanghai had more obvious decreases in indices or slowed down in growth .
the price of commercial residential housing dropped 6.6 percent from the previous year , while the value of the real estate industry dropped 4.1 percent from the previous year .
pan jianxin , director of the shanghai municipal bureau of statistics , said at a press conference that in 2005 , the average selling price of shanghai 's urban residential housing was 6,698 yuan / square meters , an increase of 313 yuan over 2004 .
the price of residential housing in the whole year increased by 9.2 percent over the previous year , and the rate of increase was 6.6 percentage points lower than the corresponding period of last year .
the added value of the real estate industry for the year was 670.23 billion yuan , down 4.1 percent from the previous year .
of the total loans of financial institutions , the outstanding amount of personal housing mortgage loans was 264.44 billion yuan , with the total added value of the loans increased by only 0.94 billion yuan in the year , and the new loan amount in 2004 reached 72.09 billion yuan .
pan jianxin said : from the annual sales of shanghai real estate , the prices of commercial housing are stable and fall somewhat .
the report also showed that according to the latest data , in 2005 , shanghai real estate price increases have somewhat dropped , and housing prices have dropped by an average of 6698 yuan / square meters , an increase of 60.8 percent over 2004 .
in 2005 , the price of housing sales in the whole year of 2005 rose by 9.7 percent over the previous year , and the rate of increase was 6.2 percentage points lower than that of the previous year .
according to him , last year shanghai municipality completed a total of 124.68 billion yuan in real estate development investment , an increase of 6.1 percent over the previous year .
the sales area was 315.87 million square meters , a drop of 9.55 percent .
the total sales volume of commercial housing was 21.63 billion yuan , down 4.55 percent from the previous year .
two light planes crashed in new zealand
wellington , february 9 ( xinhua ) two new zealand light planes crashed into the sea off wellington , the capital of east china 's taiwan province , about 100 kilometers north of wellington , killing two pilots on board the plane , the local media reported today .
according to a relevant responsible person of the local civil aviation department , the pilot of the two planes was ma xi university 's flight school .
at the time of the incident , the two planes were in the non - air control zone . according to regulations , when the pilots flew in such a region , they should cope with the aircraft 's navigation and security situation .
a man who was on the scene of the incident told new zealand media that when the plane collided , he heard a huge sound of explosions and saw the rapid development of the aircraft .
another witness also confirmed that in the plane , the two men who heard a huge explosion sound and were injured by a plane .
the cause of the collision is still not clear , and local civil aviation departments will investigate this .
china : argentine overseas chinese strongly condemn chen shui - bian 's visit to china
xinhua news agency , buenos aires , february 8 ( reporter cao yu ) the chinese delegation headed by overseas chinese in argentina , which is a chinese delegation to argentina , issued a solemn statement on the 8th , strongly condemning chen shui - bian 's recent pro - independence remarks , opposing any attempt to split taiwan from china .
the statement said : chen shui - bian 's " inaugural speech " on 29 january declared that he would abolish the national unification council and the national unification program , and he expressed his hope to establish a new type of armed forces after taiwan independence .
compatriots on both sides of the strait have long hoped for peace and the desire of the taiwan compatriots for peace and stability and development will face severe challenges .
the statement pointed out that it is resolutely opposed to and suppress the splittist activities of taiwan independence forces , and it is still the common aspiration of compatriots on both sides of the strait and the chinese society of the whole world to safeguard peace and stability in the taiwan strait .
the statement stressed that the argentine china council for promoting peaceful reunification is willing to hold talks with all the overseas chinese and chinese nationals in argentina , who are from both sides of the strait , resolutely oppose the unity of all forms of taiwan independence , and actively promote china 's peaceful reunification .
china experts : us military threat to china is not a great country .
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a special committee to deal with the taiwan issue , according to a report on the " four - year defense review report " submitted by the us congress
experts believe that this is a new development of china 's normal national defense construction , exaggerating the military threat of china , and a challenge to china 's internal affairs .
the " four - year defense review report " is the new guiding document of the pentagon for national defense .
the 92 - page report uses three paragraphs on the issue of china 's military strength and the us approach to deal with it , with 15 direct mentioned issues .
the institute of world military studies under the chinese academy of military sciences , yao yunzhu , said that although senior us officials had repeatedly expressed similar views before , this was the first time that the us national defense strategy research fellow put forward that china is the most likely country to pose a military challenge to the united states .
the report explicitly for the first time that the indian ocean , china , is a new strategic opponent , especially the so - called china military threat theory , has given a greater recognition to the so - called chinese military threat .
peng guangqian , a researcher at the chinese academy of military sciences , said :
what merits attention is that in the " four - year defense review report , " the same day it was officially submitted , us president bush also submitted a draft budget for fiscal 2007 .
if the army is added to the military operation in iraq and afghanistan ,
peng guangqian maintained that the united states has fabricated the theory of other countries ' theory of aggression , reflecting the consistent style of the enemy in the pentagon , and its true purpose is to strive for more national defense funds and to provide a vast us arms industrial group with more profits .
experts said that compared with the huge military spending of the united states , china 's national defense spending is quite limited .
he has participated in many military experts ' discussions on the chinese national defense white paper , deng hongzhou , said : since the 1990 s , with economic development , china 's national defense spending has increased , but the proportion of the national defense expenditures in the same period has generally shown a downward trend .
official statistics show that in 2004 , compared with 1979 , china 's national defense spending accounts for more than 10 percent of the state 's fiscal expenditure for the same period .
china 's defense spending in 2005 was 244.656 billion yuan , only equivalent to 5.6 percent of the united states ' national defense spending , and its per capita military expenditure is only about one - sixth of the united states ' , with the per capita military expenditure of the military personnel being about one - thirds of the us military .
the land area of the united states is roughly the same as that of china 's territory , but the military expenditure is so huge . who exactly is the military force going beyond the legitimate defense needs ? this is an undeniable self - evident " operation " .
peng guangqian said :
the research department of the china arms control and disarmament association , teng jianqun , said that the us side should objectively assess china 's military construction situation , and that china 's peaceful development does not mean that china and the united states will become their military rivals in the future .
the 2004 national defense white paper says that china firmly follows the road of peaceful development and practices a defensive national defense policy .
china has not been able to catch up with the world in the past and will not pose a threat to any country in the future .
so far , china has not established any military bases in any other country , nor has it sent any military aircraft to other countries .
professor zhu feng of the international relations college of beijing university said : china and the united states should strengthen cooperation through established channels , strengthen mutual understanding and friendship , and comprehensively promote the new century - oriented sino - us constructive and cooperative relations , and jointly promote the maintenance of world peace and development .
( winter olympics ) turin winter olympics opening ceremony will be exciting
turin , february 9 ( xinhua ) the world economy is expected to grow at a rate of about 1 percent this year , the world 's largest number of countries , the world 's largest in the world , the world 's largest in the world , the world 's largest in the world , the world 's largest in the world
on 9 november , the organizing committee of the turin winter olympic games disclosed to reporters in advance the wonderful arrangements of the opening ceremony .
as for the opening ceremony , the chairman of the organizing committee , carstini , was full of confidence . he said at a press conference that the opening ceremony of the conference was costing up to 10 million euros , which attracted top talent from all sectors in italy .
he said : the night of 10 april will be unforgettable , and the 35,000 - strong crowd at the meeting venue and about 2 - billion television viewers the whole world will see the scene full of intense feelings and successful operation .
the flames of enthusiasm and the warm heart of red and splendid five chinese rings of peace and the great belt of alpes .
famous italian designer armni specially pointed out the opening ceremony of the exhibition , and famous italian fashion brand morisino will provide a good opportunity for the athletes to enter the ceremony .
however , the famous italian boy 's louis pavarotti will be singing a song at the opening ceremony , and the organizing committee will leave this suspense in the end .
eight people who could spray flame flame - type ball , and the athletes used three - meter - long flame - flames to express their excitement . they will use 70 km to the stadium many times to travel .
the official of the organizing committee held that this was the most satisfactory result of their performance at the opening ceremony .
regarding the question of how to ignite the torch of the host , the organizing committee did not release it earlier , but the 57 - meter main torch will be shine as well as the nearby alps ' residents .
white house announces bush 's plan to visit pakistan and india in march
washington , february 9 ( xinhua ) the united states has decided to lift the arms embargo on china , the white house spokesman said here today that the u.s. government is not prepared to take any action against the islamic world , despite the comic horse of the islamic prophet mohammed mohammed .
mcclellan said that bush is looking forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he also said that he is now making arrangements for this visit .
mcclellan made the above remarks when he was holding various demonstrations in some areas of pakistan to protest against the emasculation of islam 's predecessor mohammed .
in january this year , bush met with pakistani prime minister shaukat aziz at the white house , and both sides expressed the intention to strengthen friendly cooperation to jointly crack down on terrorism that jeopardizes the security of the two countries .
bush also said that at the invitation of the pakistani and indian governments , he will pay a state visit to pakistan and india in march .
hamas to form cabinet to seek breakthrough in talks
xinhua news agency , ramallah , february 9 ( international observation ) the hamas cabinet seeking a breakthrough
xinhua news agency , beijing , april 8 ,
the palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) won a victory in the legislative council election , how to draw up a blueprint for the new government has become a focus of international attention at present .
what kind of new policy hamas will pursue will directly affect the next step of the relevant parties in the peace process .
at the same time , the united states and israel have a stronger desire for the hamas government .
at present , all sides in palestine are stepping up consultations on the issue of the cabinet , on the issues of difficulties and sensitive points concerning future development .
premier 's post has flowed down , and no one has left .
hamas has won the power to form a cabinet , and some people worry that the prime minister of hamas may have a difference with abbas , the current top leader .
moreover , visiting hamas president abdel - rahman al-mahmud stressed that the new palestinian government , which is formed by hamas , will not recognize israel . this tough signal has also aggravated international concerns .
the united states and israel clearly indicated that they would not accept a hamas government with real power and threatened to suspend its economic aid and aid to palestine and to hand over the taxes to palestine .
however , this does not prevent hamas from making flexible strategic adjustments and selecting the independent , thereby making the palestinians the center of trouble .
according to reports , in order to obtain the greatest international recognition , the united states has recently decided to support the independence party from both the egyptian and chinese sides , and the chairman of the board of directors of the islamic university of gaza , jamali , chissanali , to become the new prime minister .
this move has not yet been responded by the parties concerned .
palestinian analyst hossein said that no matter how high the prime minister 's position is , the most crucial thing is that the prime minister should try his best to weaken the strong color of hamas , and only in this way can the success of the cabinet be guaranteed .
power is being distributed in a timely manner .
from an internal point of view , the biggest challenge facing hamas 's cabinet is the lack of sufficient experience in governance .
the palestinian " yinhap " carried an analysis saying that hamas 's purpose of gathering people to achieve social welfare items is , however , to lack experience in governing and to have a good relationship with the palestinian national liberation movement ( fatah ) , which has a ruling experience .
hamas 's proposal on holding talks with fatah and establishing political partnership after the election has created a national coalition government , but fatah has not given support to this day .
at present , whether fatah has any opinion in the cabinet is different , and a group of people advocate participation in the new government , thus doing something better than it , while the other faction refuses to invite hamas to do positive feelings with the legislative council , actively pursuing the opposition , as it wants .
the source pointed out that under the instigation of abbas , fatah gradually tends to join the new government .
even so , hamas and fatah will also have a heated debate on the distribution of their cabinet posts .
another way is to establish a legislative committee framework , break away from the partisan cabinet .
it is reported that hamas also designed a clean and uniform government , but it has no choice but to make a specific list .
in view of the us and israel 's attitude and the technical expert - type government , it is also necessary to form a cabinet to reduce external pressure .
according to the palestinian " basic law , " the new legislative council will be elected on 16 june after the new term of the legislative council takes office . the work of nominating the premier and forming the cabinet will be completed within three to five weeks .
armed forces go further
the weapons in hamas are the weapons to be used to create a new government .
the us and israel have taken a very tough stance , and they resolutely demand that hamas give up violence and refuse to participate in politics with arms .
hamas leader mahmud al-assad stressed on 9 november that resistance was a strategic choice of the organization .
the armed problem actually includes the legality of weapons and the state of the armed forces ' management .
hamas 's political and economic reforms are a major component of the international community 's political system , and its political system is not linked with the qassam armed forces .
hamas once proposed to unify all factions with the palestinian national authority .
at present , palestine has over 60,000 security personnel and an overwhelming majority of them are from the fatah camp .
moreover , fatah also has some organizational relations with loose subordinate armed factions , such as the branch davidian martyrs brigade , the army of the red army of the pan dynasty , etc.
hamas , responsible for the cabinet , must hold talks with abbas on how to manage these armed forces that operate their own business , and rationally distribute security management rights .
according to local media reports , abbas intends to be in charge of security and intelligence troops , police and civil defense organizations , and other organizations are under the control of the new government 's interior ministry .
however , all parties are still holding consultations on this sensitive issue , and so far there is still no news .
china issues new polar investigation report
beijing , february 10 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will continue to provide more than 100 million tons of marine fish for the country 's marine resources , according to a report released by the state oceanic administration ( soa ) here today
the " report " comprehensively reflects the chinese polar scientific research activities , such as the polar region of china , the great area of logistical support scientific research , and the results of scientific research .
according to the " report , " on 9 january 2005 , at 22:15 beijing time , the chinese southern polar expedition team , which inspected the inland ice - covered ice - covered team , successfully landed on the antarctic inland icecap site with the highest altitude , and successfully completed its first large - scale demonstration demonstration of the " ice - covered area " at 3:15 on 18 january ( beijing time ) . the high altitude of the " ice - covered area " was 40@@
the army has won the gold medal on the stage of the increasingly intense international competition , and the chinese people 's strong will and dauntless spirit have been bold in opening up new fields . first , the research and development of the highest pinnacle of the south pacific ice , and the first successful achievement of mankind 's great achievements in the antarctic .
sun zhihui , director of the state oceanic administration , said :
the " report " shows that on 24 march 2005 , china 's 21 st antarctic expedition team successfully completed its mission and returned to shanghai . the current inspection tour lasted 151 days , with a total voyage of 26,500 nautical miles .
on 18 november of the same year , china 's 22 nd expedition team left shanghai for the antarctic zhongshan station to conduct scientific expedition activities and to begin the first scientific expedition in the middle mountain station before the end of february 2006 .
since it was the first time china issued an extremely important investigation report , the " 2005 china polar observation report " also made some suggestions on the research and development of the chinese polar land , which began in the 1980 s , and also summed up the results .
according to the " report , " in 1983 china officially joined the " antarctic treaty , " becoming a member of the antarctic treaty organization , and successively becoming a hot hot topic for scientific research committee for the south china scientific research council of the national science research council of the south pole council , etc.
in 1997 , china became a member of the north pole science committee , and won the right to speak and decision - making in international polar affairs .
the " report " points out that in the past 20 - odd years , china 's polar exploration has never been done , has continued to develop , and has initially formed a large scale , and has developed three vessels -- the south china sea science research center , the south china sea university of china , the first south china sea research center established in february 1985 , the long chang cheng station in february 1985 , the south pole station in july 2004 , and the north pole station in july 1994
according to the " report , " by the end of 2005 , china had organized 22 antarctic scientific expeditions and scored great achievements in its second time , with the xichang [ name as transliterated ] ship as the roof north polyscience research center , the second batch of huanghe station inspection station on the north pole station , and so far , more than 3,000 people visited the site of the national expedition , and the north pole has been inspected .
now we are making preparations for the establishment of the third antarctic station , and are also china 's first inland inspection station in the antarctic .
sun zhihui said :
after more than 20 years of hard work , china 's polar exploration undertaking has become a major breakthrough in the world 's polar exploration .
he said .
sun zhihui disclosed that china will publish an annual report on polar exploration .
china to promote friendly relations with castro , says castro
havana , february 10 ( xinhua ) the cuban government has decided to set up a special committee to discuss the relations between the two countries , said chinese state councilor chen zhili here today
president castro warmly welcomed state councilor chen zhili on his visit to cuba .
he said that cuba - china relations are very friendly , with frequent high - level exchange of visits , which have effectively promoted and strengthened friendship and mutual understanding between the two sides , and he hopes that the two countries will continually deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in various fields , including education and science and technology .
chen said that cuba is an important country in latin america and the caribbean region .
the friendship between the chinese and cuban peoples goes back to ancient times .
cuba is the first country to establish diplomatic relations with new china .
after entering the new century , with the concern and promotion of the leaders of the two countries , the political mutual trust between the two countries has been increasingly deepened , the scope of cooperation has been constantly expanded , mutual support and cooperation in international affairs has been constantly expanded , and sino - cuban friendly relations have entered a new period of comprehensive development .
she believed that with the joint efforts of both sides , the friendly cooperation between china and cuba will surely yield even more fruitful results .
chen also pointed out that the chinese government has always attached importance to its cooperation with cuba in the educational field .
in recent years , the educational exchanges between the two countries have become closer and the number of people has increased .
china actively supports the international conference held by the cuban side and has sent delegations to attend all previous world higher education conferences and the 2005 world illiteracy elimination conference .
cuba 's level of basic education is very high , and we hope to further strengthen relevant experience exchanges in the future .
chen said that china and cuba have cooperated well in scientific research and development , and that china can promote cooperation in various fields with cuba to achieve mutual benefit and win - win results .
the chinese side has assisted some cuban scientific research equipment in the hope of playing a positive role in cuba 's scientific research and production .
she also briefed castro on china 's strategy of rejuvenating the country through science and education and the national conference on science and technology .
chen arrived in cuba on the evening of 2 february for a four - day visit at the invitation of the cuban government .
during this period , chen zhili met with cuban senior education minister vincent vincent , and inspected the havana university information center , the university of information science , the university of china , and the university of maria , a primary school .
accident on beijing highway , oil leakage sealed off
harbin , february 11 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to open a new airport in the central harbin , a coastal city in northeast china 's liaoning province , to the east of the country , said a local official here today .
according to the traffic police of the shuangcheng city public security bureau 's traffic police unit , at around 23:00 on the 10th , three cars collided in a 58 - km - long expressway , one passenger sedan and one oil tanker crashed together , and the oil tanker crashed . the oil tank was leaking . the waste oil in the vehicle flowed to the road surface .
it is understood that the oil tanker truck carrying a large quantity of fuel oil behind the coke was loaded with the fuel tank .
because of the high degree of seepage of waste oil and seedlings , it is feared that the flame of fire from past vehicles will be hazardous , and the departments concerned have closed the roads at the scene .
harbin to shuangcheng road was closed , and many vehicles bypassed .
at present , relevant departments are screening the scene , and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
hk , macau , taiwan to promote flag - raising activities beijing , march 3 , italy 's prime minister days
hong kong , february 11 ( xinhua ) the hutchison whampoa limited announced on the 11th that it postponed its 30000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000@@
and huo jianning , general manager of the huang group , said that although the three italian farms have been approved by all relevant regulatory agencies , the initial application procedures must be completed in the next few weeks , time is too short to be done .
at the same time , the current european telecommunications market is weak , and the market may not be able to provide support for italy at this moment .
in view of the need for shareholders to gain maximum interests , the decision to postpone the listing was decided .
as for when to issue another share in the stock market , huo jianning said that it would depend on the future operation of the european telecommunications market .
he maintained that from now on to the time of another round of voting , the three great countries need to carry out extensive investor education activities , so as to make the global telecommunications investment market more distinct , understand the strong performance and favorable prospects of italy 's current situation .
according to media reports , the three - man world - wide coordination bank of investment , goldman sachs , agreed to use 420 - million euros to provide loans for 10 % of the stock market in italy , 3 - percent of the sales in march this year .
china , myanmar sign agreement on economic , trade ties
yangon , february 12 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will provide aid to myanmar , including the myanmar government , the chinese ambassador to myanmar , and the economic and business counselor tang hai , on the eve of the state visit to china by myanmar prime minister soe win on the eve of the visit to china on the 14th .
ambassador guan mu said : in recent years , the friendly relations between china and mozambique , which were established on the basis of the five principles of peaceful coexistence , have been consolidated and developed , exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been increasingly expanded and deepened , and economic and trade relations between the two countries have been constantly expanded and strengthened .
counselor tang haizai said : the two countries have maintained high - level exchange of visits , which has effectively promoted the development of bilateral economic and trade cooperation .
in 2004 , during the exchange of high - level visits between the two countries , the two sides signed 33 agreements on economic and trade cooperation , most of which are being implemented and implemented .
he said : 2004 is the first year in the history of china 's economic development , with $ 1.14 billion in 2004 , $ 1.209 billion in 2005 , $ 935 billion in china 's exports , and $ 274 billion in china 's imports .
last year , china 's yunnan and myanmar 's trade ( including border trade ) amounted to $ 650 million , up 33.4 percent from the previous year .
tang said that myanmar has become a major partner in china 's contracted construction industry .
chinese enterprises start engineering business in myanmar , bringing along the development of various complete sets of mechanical and electrical products in china , and myanmar has become china 's largest export market for complete sets of equipment and electrical machinery products .
according to chinese customs statistics , in the past five years , the export volume of mechanical and electrical products has accounted for 45.5 percent of china 's total exports to myanmar .
counselor tang also said that myanmar is rich in resources and that chinese companies have started investing in burma 's oil and natural gas fields , including copper mine , and other resources development projects , and there is great potential for the development of sino - burmese economic and trade cooperation .
he hoped that chinese enterprises would have a long - term view , learn how to avoid risks and make prudent decisions , establish a good image of enterprises , and ensure that projects are properly guaranteed and are completed on schedule , so as to win honor for the country .
ambassador guan mengmu and counselor tang hai both held that premier soe win 's will pay an official visit to china this year , and that this is a major event in bilateral relations , which is of great significance to enhancing political trust , promoting bilateral cooperation , and promoting the further development of good - neighborly and friendly relations between china and burma .
during the visit , the two sides are expected to sign several agreements on economic and trade cooperation .
world bank to reduce poverty in debt
moscow , february 11 ( xinhua ) world bank president wolfowitz said on the 11th in moscow that the world bank will completely exempt the poor countries ' debts before the middle of this year .
wolfowitz held talks with chinese foreign minister li zhaoxing , who came to attend the g8 finance ministers meeting in moscow on the same day .
in a statement issued after the meeting , he said that the world bank will implement the debt reduction and exemption plan before 1 july this year , and that the world bank is now finalizing all technical work .
last year , the world bank 's donor countries completely exempted from the debts owed by 28 countries , and pledged to provide financial assistance to the relevant trust funds .
the imf 's debt amount is relatively small , which is based on the annual report of the imf at the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz 's decision to exempt russia from debts owed by 16 african countries .
the high - qing digital television gradually became the mainstream in the united states .
new york , february 12 ( xinhua ) the number of new cases of the highly - resolution digital television sets ( the name of the country ) has been declining continuously , with the number of television sets being increased by more than 20 percent
the united states ' super bowl , the united states ' olive - style soccer , has become the largest favorite of the american broadcasting industry to welcome the television high - qing era .
according to a recent report in the financial times , the us congress recently passed a bill requiring the us broadcasting industry to provide a certain amount of broadcasting services on 17 february 2009 .
this means that the comprehensive digitization shown by us television programs has already had a clear timetable .
high resolution digital television popularization should rely on the consumers to buy television sets , and on the one hand , it must rely on the production organizations to provide high - qing digital programs .
although digital television has been repeatedly mentioned in the past few years , it has never become a reality .
this problem has taken a turn for the better this year .
according to the forecast of the american consumer electronics association , the number of digital television sets sold in the united states will exceed the traditional television sets for the first time this year , and the number of digital television sets is 85.5 percent of high - resolution products .
japanese researchers develop new , highly efficient human - to - human kidney system
tokyo , february 13 ( xinhua ) japan 's east china sea university research institute has developed a biological technology , which can help improve the kidney quality of human beings , and is also capable of dissolving the needle of humans , and at the same time it has the function of retaining the material composition , and is also easy to transplant , with the in - depth research , it is expected to bring the sound of kidney disease patients .
according to the nihon keizai shimbun , the newly developed biomedical kidney is mainly composed of two parts , and the part is transmitted from blood to filter waste and water cuisine . the people of the screened - in families are living in the choppy water and the ammonia , etc. have rereturned blood with blood ingredients and urine tubes .
the people 's republic of china and the people 's republic of china are separated by the mid - air , the silk wire , and the people are overlooked by the small side of the gymnast .
this kind of asphalt cells can cause diseases caused by multiple blood , and the virtual chick of the rice chick , which is vastly different from the vantage type of food , is substituted in the material and returns to the blood , and can also enable the body 's vucin powder , which is essential to enter the blood cells and mineral products .
the previous human kidney was built on the vastness of seepage , and the treatment of filtered waste cannot be completely removed , and it is not in the condition of making the genetic acid and other components return to the blood .
researchers used the sheep to produce biomedical kidney transplantation experiments , and the middle - to - the - wire pig using pig stem in the middle - of - the - earth silk line .
two weeks later , researchers confirmed that the man - made kidney could be functioned .
at present , they are developing and using human nephysiological nephysiological cells , and will , after testing their safety , start clinical research .
china 's power production safety still faces severe challenges
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the state power regulatory commission ( sdrc ) said today that despite the fact that the country 's electric power production safety situation in 2005 remained stable , the country still faces severe challenges .
the vice - chairman of the state power regulatory commission , shi yubo , said at the fifth national meeting of the power safety production commission held here that in 2005 , china 's electric power production safety was generally stable and satisfactorily fulfilled the task of meeting the peak and summer in the year of electric power , thus ensuring the safe power supply , actively dealing with the attack of natural disasters , and basically ensuring the safe and stable operation of the power system , safety of production equipment , and the large - scale reduction
however , he pointed out that with the change in power supply and demand and the large number of newly built power generating units that have been put into operation , the power industry will face new challenges .
these challenges include : the regional sea level of electricity shortage still has a long history of development , and the supply of electricity in some regions is still on the high side , and the demand for power is still on the low side , and the supply of electricity is still quite serious due to the benign mechanism for electricity prices , and the problem of coal production is not effectively controlled .
shi yubo said : with the deepening of the reform of the power system , many deep - seated contradictions will continue to be exposed . how to maintain the stability of the ranks of workers and staff members and how to ensure normal production order will become a new issue facing us .
in view of the 2006 work of safe production of electric power , shi yubo said that it is necessary to further consolidate the basic work of management of safe production of electric power , speed up the establishment and improvement of the mechanism for emergency management of electric power safety , enhance the ability to deal with sudden incidents , strengthen coordination and cooperation between power plants and power networks , jointly safeguard the safety of the power system , continue to do a good job of supervising and managing the work of building the dam of power
it is reported that in light of the new situation in power safety management , the state power regulatory commission will review and revise the " provisional regulations on investigating the power production accident " that have already been promulgated this year . meanwhile , relevant regulations on the safety of the dam of the hydropower station and the safety of the second power system will be promulgated one after another this year .
the total electricity consumption in china will reach 246.89 billion kilowatt hours in 2005 , an increase of 13.45 percent over the same period last year .
in the face of the still tightening situation in power supply and demand , the contradiction between coal , electricity , oil , and transportation is becoming more conspicuous , all power enterprises have earnestly adopted effective measures to strengthen equipment management , and last year , the entire country had not seen any extraordinarily serious equipment accident in power production .
74 accidents occurred in the power grid , 127 times less than the same period last year , and 427 accidents occurred in the equipment industry , a decrease of 132 times compared with the same period last year .
the south african envoy to china said that south africa has no special right to organize crimes against chinese citizens .
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will continue to work with the south african government to promote the development of the south african country 's friendly relations with china , said envoy of the south african government , general fu yining , chinese ambassador to south africa , here today
he also said that the south african government would spare no efforts in cracking down on all forms of crime .
he said that the south african government hopes to extend the crime rate to zero , and will not stop every country in south africa .
since 2006 , four chinese citizens have been arrested in south africa , including two chinese nationals and one chinese world .
the chinese foreign ministry has made representations to south africa over this and has reminded chinese citizens in south africa to further enhance their awareness of security and prevention , strengthen unity , friendship , and cooperation with the police in cracking down on criminal activities .
the rewards we express our sincere sympathy and sincere condolences to the victims ' families , and the remembrance .
fu koning said : we feel very sorry for this and also ask the chinese people to believe that the south african government is now seriously investigating every case related to china .
according to the chinese embassy in south africa , south african police have successfully cracked the case of a case of chinese fujian woman chen jianqing killed on february 5 in south africa . a suspect has been arrested .
the police are now hunting for another suspect .
according to the south african embassy in china , the number of people suspected of shooting hong kong businessmen in january this year has been arrested by south african police , and the money of the victims has been recovered .
on the incident of chinese citizens being killed , jiang said that the chinese government has always attached great importance to the affairs of the country and people of the country .
the south african embassy tourism commissioner , nelson bakhi , said the embassy had provided a total of 2,000 chinese tourists with a total of over 2,000 visa in the first 15 days of this year .
according to chinese official statistics , south africa has invested $ 300,000 in china in the largest trade partner in africa in 2005 , and the number of such enterprises has increased by over 20 percent .
the bilateral trade volume reached $ 7.27 billion , up 23.3 percent over the same period last year .
however , people in the tourism sector believe that the continuous occurrence of chinese citizens ' murder in 2004 has a great impact on the number of chinese tourists going to south africa .
south africa 's tourism industry has a total of 300,000 chinese tourists in the first half of 2005 , up 31.4 percent from the same period last year .
the chinese living in south africa now have about 200,000 people , and the number of urban villages in south africa is around 200,000 .
analysts here believe that the widening gap between the rich and the poor in south africa , the high unemployment rate , and the rampant firearms are not a deterrent effect , and the crime rate is high .
many chinese do not know english , have a good relationship with their families , and are more prone to become the target of criminal activities to seek money .
hk to promote working - level english learning and training hong kong , april 25
hong kong , february 13 ( xinhua ) the red tide opened in the capital city of south china 's guangdong province today , a new plan launched by the hong kong special administrative region government to raise english standards .
this large university with good english and rich life , which is a theme of life , includes a series of promotional activities to promote english and putonghua learning .
up to now , the scheme has provided nearly 25,000 workplace english training courses to enable them to reach the relevant job categories .
hong kong 's workenglish campaign is another major initiative launched by the sar government in 2000 .
the great english campaign is a major project for providing workplace english training .
the scheme aims to help those who need to use english in their work , through participating in training and participating in designated international english tests , to reach their respective objectives .
free medical treatment is provided for the aids patients in hebei .
shijiazhuang , february 14 ( xinhua ) the hebei provincial health department announced today that the province has issued a " hebei province voluntary consultation and testing work for aids " to help the victims of aids through the implementation of the plan ( for trial implementation ) , and has explicitly stipulated the principle of free and voluntary keeping of aids tests , hoping that the number of hiv carriers and patients will be further implemented to prevent aids under further intervention measures and the policy of providing assistance for aids patients with a p@@
the " plan " has clearly defined the tasks of the province 's voluntary consultation and testing of aids : the testing and consultation of aids resistance forces will be free , the testing and consultation of aids antibody , and the notification of the informed approval , and the examination and consultation of aids antibody resistance and secrecy will not be evaluated and the relevant behavior of the consulting participants , and the legal rights and interests of aids patients will be protected , providing corresponding follow - up services .
the " program " requires that the aids consultation and testing points should be set at a convenient place for consultation , and provide a platform for protection consulting agents to perform their duties in protecting privacy .
the choice of the advisers should give full consideration to personal quality , the sense of responsibility and the ability of exchange .
to protect the privacy of the consulting agents , the testing can be conducted by a code or a code .
the " plan " also requires that health administrative departments at and above the county level should publicize the situation of aids voluntary free and free tests in their own localities in the major local media . the number of medical and health organizations and telephone numbers should be made public so that the masses can understand the relevant information .
the ministry of public security still adopts a major task in extorting confessions by torture .
beijing , february 14 ( xinhua ) the police of the ministry of public security , deputy chief of the police inspector bureau , zheng baigang , answered questions from foreign reporters at a press conference held by the ministry of public security on the 14th , pointing out that the alleged crime suspect was a " great menace " in china without appropriate means .
the focus of supervision and inspection departments ' work is to prevent the occurrence of these problems .
he also pointed out that some international organizations have not yet understood the chinese police 's law enforcement situation and are not correct in all .
the latest information provided by the ministry of public security on 14 june shows that the ministry of public security has issued the " regulations on the implementation of leave - keeping measures for public security organs " in 2004 , " the regulations on the application of continuing interrogations by public security organs at the grass - roots level have better guaranteed the measures for the use of retained funds by public security organs in accordance with the law .
since 1997 , the university has carried out three major projects of management , namely , the management of compulsory education , the use of firearms and the use of force for rectification , and the use of compulsory measures for rectification of firearms ) . police inspectors from the public security organs have conducted in - depth patrol teams from the police patrol , the police patrol team , and the first - line police law enforcement agencies from grassroots public security units , and other key law enforcement agencies , such as the supervision and
to prevent law enforcement at its source , police inspectors have further extended their enforcement inspectors to meet the challenges and stepped up enforcement actions against those summoned measures , asking questions from police officers , and conducting screening on their belongings as well as their stolen robbed airplanes and trucks .
hk to open up business in taipei
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has always attached great importance to the taiwan issue , and has made great efforts to improve relations with taiwan , sun yun - hsuan , honorary chairman of the taiwan straits exchange foundation , said here today
sun yun - hsuan was born on 11 november 1913 . penglai , a native of penglai , shandong province , and the electrical engineering department of harbin university of industry graduated .
it was the first time that the kmt 's tenth - 13 th central committee member and the 11th central standing committee members and the 14th central committee members of the central committee of judges and members of the presidium of the 15th central committee of the central committee of judges were elected members of the 15th central committee .
he was formerly minister of transportation and minister of economy , traveled in the great hall of the people , and worked in the army .
heilongjiang promotes ecological environment of songhua river water pollution
harbin , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will implement a series of measures to prevent the spread of ice and ice in the songhua river , including the monitoring and pollution control work , to ensure the smooth completion of the songhua river water pollution and ecological environment
this reporter has learned from heilongjiang 's environmental protection bureau that the first group of environmental protection enterprises , including the pine river , which was organized by the state environmental protection administration , and the policy measures , have decided 15 special topics , including emergency environmental evaluation and countermeasures , the ecological impact assessment and the impact assessment of the human body 's ecological effect and health pollution control project , the comprehensive engineering project for controlling health pollution , and the five specific time for implementing the specific plan for three stages .
currently , there are 10 scientific research institutes in heilongjiang province with a total of over 60 people undertaking 14 research topics .
according to the introduction , environmental protection departments and relevant scientific research institutions will conduct research and study on five topics , namely , the emergency environmental evaluation and countermeasures for incidents , and strive to solve environmental problems that the masses are urgently concerned about .
these include the main control of the concentration of surface pollutants and the forecast of total discharge volume contamination of the pollutant discharge incident , the impact of the consumption safety of the songhua river products on the consumption of water on the two sides of the river , and the safety of the surface water supply in the cities safe plan for the use of the water in the water , and the project of the preservation of the pollutant in the process of the song@@
heilongjiang province 's environmental protection department will also increase the environmental monitoring efforts along the songhua river , strictly investigate and deal with illegal pollution discharge and illegal construction , and deal with environmental pollution incidents that cause serious pollution .
heilongjiang will send environmental law enforcement personnel to urge the localities to carry out comprehensive environmental improvement in small river basins , improve the water conservancy facilities in the " shashi river " and other sub - rivers , such as the " agila river " .
beijing university opens mourning to express condolences to academician wang xuan
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to lift the ban on the import of chinese - made medicines and chemical products , after several days of intensive preparation , at the memorial hall of the centennial anniversary of beijing university , which was opened at 9 : 00 am on the morning of 15 february , and as of noon on that day , several hundred people had come to offer condolences .
at 0800 hours , the mourning hall was still open , and the room was already several dozen people queuing up outside the door .
this reporter has learned from the beijing university 's memorial hall at the centennial memorial hall that the great hall is hanging on the walls of the hall : a black horizon , mourning the academician wang xuan .
the horizontal picture is a picture of more than ten square meters of wang xuan 's statue , he wore a glass , smiled , and was of great integrity and elegance .
on both sides of the body of the remains were several dragons , dozens of wreaths , two - side wreaths .
one of the sweepers wrote this way : " i am a little girl born in the qin dynasty . "
the mourning hall was in a sad and mourning mood and the atmosphere was heavy .
among those who attended the memorial were leaders and teachers and students from beijing university , friends from academicians wang chaixuan , and many friends from other countries who have always been unfamiliar with him .
some of them held fresh flowers in their hands , some carried flowers in their hands , and all of them were wearing small white flowers in their chests , slowly walking to the front of academician wang xuan 's remains , bowing and sorrowing a tribute .
many people could not help but shed tears .
he was once director of the state administration of cultural relics , and was an old alumni of beijing university . he told the reporter that more than 10 years ago , he was still working in henan province and asked professor wang xuan to give an explanation to the provincial party committee cadres on scientific and technological innovation .
the xianwang [ name as transliterated ] academician is a college student that we learn . he has played an important role in the country and society and the people will never forget him .
the jin ruilin of the beijing university law school , who is more than 40 years old old old friend , is a neighbor .
a few days ago , he was just discharged , and today he insisted on doing a good job with his old friend .
in his message book , mr. jin said that the pressure on his own family was not restrained , and he repeatedly polished his words with his paper .
he told this reporter that professor wang xuan 's life was very frugal and that tong fu garden , he was already a professor . moreover , he had already had a very high success .
later he moved to chengzai garden , where he stayed for a long time in the area of 70 to 80 square meters .
beijing university gave him a special award on the blue camp 's 140 - square - meter building , and he did not want it , and fangzheng building provided high - level housing , he also did not want the house , but he also wanted to not want the house .
mr. jin recalled with deep feeling that wang xuan had been visiting abroad and provided a very high amount of treatment .
after the beginning , he insisted on not applying for an academician , and was a member of the university after several mobilization by mr. zhou yuan . after the university , he went to fill in a table .
mr jean chin has deep feelings , and mr wang xuan has also taken an attitude of training young people , stressing on many occasions that now i still have any accomplishments , not on my own but on the cultivation of young people .
mr. jin said : when he was fifty years old , wang xuan began to pay attention to cultivating young people . he always stressed that he would pave the way and would be willing to make a way for young people .
it is a great achievement for a scientist here . it is very difficult . it is not easy .
this reporter has learned from the beijing university news center that from 09:00 on 15 february to 12:00 on 19 february , the daily average daily number of academicians wang xuan was from 9:00 am to 16:00 hours , for the public to express condolences .
the chinese army , which is praised as the modern army 's vice chairman , the chinese academy of sciences , the chinese academy of engineering , the third academician of the chinese academy of sciences , the university professor wang xianzhi , who was ineffective on 13 february , died of illness at 11:30 in beijing and died of illness at the age of 70 .
china 's npc holds friendly exchanges with chilean parliament beijing , march 25
wu bangguo attended the signing ceremony and signed the agreement .
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will continue to support the efforts made by the chinese government to promote the development of the western region , said wu bangguo , chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) , here today
the chinese npc and the chilean parliament have officially established their exchange mechanism .
it is reported that senate president romano and chamber speaker arsenisiopoulos , respectively , met with the chinese delegation to the santiago convention in the chilean capital of santiago a few days ago .
according to the agreement , the two sides will , in accordance with the principles laid down in the communiqu on the establishment of diplomatic relations between china 's npc and the chilean parliament , establish a dialogue committee between the two sides , and take turns to hold irregular meetings between the two countries to jointly promote the comprehensive development of bilateral relations .
chilean ambassador to china kafarov and others attended the signing ceremony .
china will introduce a system for protecting the rights of information network dissemination rights
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a new website to provide a large number of service providers , including newspapers and magazines , to increase their turnaround rates , but many of them have not been authorized and have not paid any expenses , such as the " strike " on the internet by the state copyright bureau director , wang ziqiang , at the press conference held by the state council information office on the 15th .
wang ziqiang said : according to the current law , newspapers and periodicals have published works that can be found without being used in the chick of a declaration . newspapers and periodicals can use their works without the consent of the author . meanwhile , they should pay compensation . the state copyright bureau has formulated a special plan for the reprinting of newspapers and periodicals according to law .
however , according to the current law , the newspaper and periodical publishing houses enjoy this legal permission . at present , the internet does not enjoy this statutory licensing right .
according to the relevant judicial interpretation of the supreme people 's court , the reprinted method of using statutory permission for newspapers and periodicals can be applied to the internet , that is , the small articles published on the internet , the author did not have short articles that can use the internet without permission , and at the same time pay for remuneration .
however , as the judicial interpretation does not require the remuneration standard , the actual use of these works by the internet is not paid .
the regulations on the use of these short works published by the internet are applicable to the legal system and need to be refined from the legal level .
" the united states has not yet included such a principle in the scope of law , and is still waiting to introduce this year 's information network dissemination rights protection regulations to confirm that it is not allowed to operate in the same country .
russian military says georgia 's parliament will not affect russian peacekeeping operations
moscow , february 15 ( xinhua ) the russian government has decided to send a military delegation to moscow to discuss the issue of the missile defense system , a russian defense ministry press official said today
the russian state duma ( lower house ) commonwealth affairs committee chairman kkokokokokosuo issued a statement on the georgian parliament 's resolution on the russian peacekeeping force , pointing out that this resolution by georgia would undermine the stability of the situation in the region and would have an adverse impact on russian - georgian relations .
he stressed that the resolution of the georgian parliament has further worsened the relations between russia and georgia .
he held that georgia 's criticism of russia is ridiculous .
the georgian parliament passed a resolution on the same day , demanding that russian peacekeeping forces stop their peacekeeping operations in the south ossetia , but it did not set the specific deadline for russian peacekeeping troops to withdraw .
georgia 's parliament accuses russian peacekeeping personnel of not fulfilling their obligations and describing russia 's actions in the conflict area as attempting to annul georgia 's territory .
the georgian parliament has called on the government to take active actions to consider sending troops to the region where the south ossetia clash is involved to replace the current russian peacekeeping operations in the region .
the georgian parliament also instructed the government to revise the regulations on the entry of russian peacekeeping personnel into the conflict area .
the south ossetia is an autonomous state in georgia , and has close ties with the republic of north ossetia in russia .
after the disintegration of the former soviet union , it declared independence on its own and was in a state of confrontation with the central government of georgia for a long time .
at present , russia is stationed in a 500 - member peacekeeping battalion in the region .
this unit was formed in accordance with the 1992 plan of russia , the northern syaires of georgia , the southern sydney , and the southern part of the south .
the fire broke out in the liaoyuan hospital , where four people were suspected of causing serious accidents .
changchun , february 16 ( xinhua ) the jilin provincial government has decided to set up a special emergency medical team to deal with the fire after the big fire in liaoyuan city hospital , the hospital 's electric power squad leader zhang diankun and four others will be arrested on suspicion of major responsibility accidents .
on 15 december 2005 , the largest fire prevention center in liaoyuan city 's largest hospital , a fire broke out , leaving 39 people dead .
in this fire , the fire area was over 5,000 square meters .
it is understood that this is the largest medical insurance case in the country since the founding of new china .
according to investigations , at 1630 on the day of the incident , the hospital in liaoyuan city suddenly stopped power . according to the hospital 's circuit design , if the power was suspended , the power switch would automatically jump to the deputy gates , and continue to maintain the normal power supply at the hospital . however , the electric lock was not automatically switched , and the head of the electrical work squad zhang diankun forun was found out of the power station
and at that time , the underground cable , which had smoked cigarettes , more than ten cables were entangled with ruthless stories , and such cables should be very tied in paving and put in place , and fire - control layers should be set up .
therefore , 57 - year - old liu yongzhi , a leader of the power equipment team of liaoyuan city textile company , retired cadres of the power industry bureau ( senior engineer ) sun fenglin , chief of liaoyuan city center hospital , returned to the hirer of jin chengtai , and three of them were also arrested for being suspected of the responsibility for the major accident .
china 's village tourism in guizhou 's first tour is held in tianlong , tuen mun
guiyang , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to open a new branch of the dongfeng town of tianlong township , pingdu county , guizhou province , to the holiday in the morning of february 16 , and the children are filled with a joyous smile on their face .
at 10 : 30 am , the five - valley chinese new year celebrations , dressed in a long - sleeved mat , zheng peqin , an old man in his colour , sounded the first - round knocking of the chinese village tourism tour in guizhou .
tin lung castle village is a typical example of the development of village tourism in guizhou and a national demonstration point for village tourism .
as the first flood - fighting brigade of the tuen mun military in the ming dynasty , the people of the country are now more than 600 years old .
here , the soldiers in the ancient civilization of china , the blue long - slew man , the ancient han culture and the costumes are all seen everywhere in the village of tuen mun .
it is understood that tianlong village is relying on this cultural and traditional advantage , and starting 2002 , it will develop village culture tourism . in 2005 , the income of the ticket alone will reach 380 - million yuan . the entire village has over 470 percent of the income from traveling through food , transportation , and traveling commodities by peasant households . the per capita income of peasants has increased from over 1,300 yuan in 2002 to 2,240 yuan in 2005 .
the yang shengming of the guizhou provincial tourism bureau said that after the tianlong tuen mun tourism project , the first tour group of the city , the focus of new tourism in the new countryside , experience new developments in tourism , and the main theme of the new year tourism activities in various rural areas in guizhou will reach 35 .
so far , guizhou has more than 130 villages , which have launched various village tourism projects , and by 2005 , 60 - odd million rural households in the province have successfully extricated themselves from poverty through developing tourism .
in january , the housing price in 70 cities nationwide increased by 5.5 percent , and shanghai housing prices continued to slide .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has approved a total of 88,888,888,48,888,48,48,48,48,48,48,48,48,48,48,48,48,48,489,48,48,48,48,48,48,487,97,9@@
shanghai housing prices continued to slide .
the state development and reform commission and the state statistical bureau released on 16 june figures showing that of the 70 large and medium - sized cities , most of the housing sales prices in january were up slightly compared with the same period last year , and the hohhot and haohot increased more than 10 percent , while shanghai 's housing sales prices continued to fall by a small margin , a 0.4 percent decrease compared with the same period last year .
according to statistics from the same - end , in the first quarter of last year , shanghai 's housing sales prices also increased by 19.1 percent over the same period of last year . after that , there was a turn for the better , and in the second half of last year , there was a slight decline in the prices of housing in the same period .
in january this year , 70 large and medium - sized cities saw a 6.99 percent increase in their housing sales prices , 0.2 percentage points lower than last month .
the newly - built commercial housing has also increased by 18.99 percent in dalian , and the huhot 14.7 percent in shenzhen , 10.09 percent in shenzhen , 9.1 percent in chengdu , 8.44 percent in beijing , and in shanghai , 3.111 percent in comparison with the same period last year .
the central organization department has called for further intensifying supervision over the selection and appointment of leading cadres and cadres .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the organization department of the cpc central committee recently issued and distributed a notice on strengthening the work of cadre supervision .
the opinion demands that organization departments at all levels proceed from the overall situation of strictly managing and caring for and cherishing cadres , and examine and appraise cadres in order to examine the training of cadres , and establish and improve various links of strengthening prevention , discovering and improving the supervision mechanism for timely prevention , and effectively strengthen supervision over leading cadres and the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres .
the opinion points out that the principal task of cadre supervision in organization departments is to supervise leading bodies and leading cadres , with the focus on strengthening supervision over the principal responsible persons of leading bodies , and the supervision over the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing leading cadres in party and government organizations . the focus is on the implementation of the " regulations on the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing leading cadres in party and government organizations " and on the implementation of the " regulations on selecting , promoting ,
in the course of supervising leading bodies and leading cadres , the opinions proposed that it is necessary to unremittingly grasp education in ideals and convictions and education in combating corruption and promoting clean government , and carry out education in the course of training , selecting , promoting , and supervising cadres , guide and supervise leading cadres to support the party spirit , uphold the principle of building the party for the public , and build a strong ideological and ethical defense line for resisting corruption and guarding against degeneration for the people .
the newly promoted cadres should be given a clear account of their personal integrity and self - discipline when they talk about their newly promoted cadres .
we should urge leading bodies at all levels to uphold democratic centralism , establish and improve rules and procedures for making decisions , and conscientiously implement the system of responsibility for combining collective leadership with division of work among individuals .
we should give prominence to supervision over the principal responsible persons of leading bodies , and should organize ( personnel ) responsible persons of departments of organization ( personnel ) departments to frequently talk to the hearts of the people , understand their ideological and work style , and other situations .
establish and improve the system of day - to - day management and supervision of leading cadres , regularly understand and analyze the ideological style of the leading cadres , and come up with opinions and measures for resolving problems .
the system of leading cadres holding admonitory talks and sending letters to the masses should be implemented , and a system of giving warnings or letters should be promptly held to ascertain the symptoms of problems .
we should conscientiously study and resolve the outstanding problems that the masses have reported on , and should ensure that those problems are truly solved and those that are found to be caused by problems are dealt with according to the party organization or are handled according to the party discipline and law , and that those who do not have problems in the course of investigation are handled in an appropriate way .
at the same time , we should integrate strengthening supervision with encouraging cadres to boldly explore new ways and blaze new trails , and pay attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the opinion demands that the organization ( personnel ) departments at all levels conscientiously strengthen leadership over the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing leading cadres of the party and government organizations .
further improve the system of recommendation for cadres , the discussion of the decision , and other links , including the examination of cadres , and strictly implement the principle of selecting and employing people , so as to provide a reliable guarantee for the work of assisting and benefiting the people in the same way as the work style of the army and the people at all levels and provide effective support for the cadres at all levels .
we should strengthen supervision and inspection of the enforcement of the regulations on appointing cadres , and strictly investigate and deal with acts that violate the regulations on appointing cadres , and resolutely curb unhealthy trends and corrupt phenomena in employing people .
we have instituted a supervision and inspection system for serious violations of the law on the use of personnel , and intensified supervision and investigation .
establish and perfect the system of investigating and affixing responsibility for the work of selecting and appointing cadres , and scientifically define the responsibilities and responsibilities of various links in the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres in a scientific way ; and clearly define the methods of investigation and affixing responsibility , and intensify the investigation of those involved .
give full play to the role of mass supervision , establish and improve a safety and high efficiency reporting mechanism for the masses .
give play to the role of public opinion in supervision , and provide timely information to the media on the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres , so as to accept public opinion supervision .
the opinions proposed that we should further improve the system of coordinating and coordinating the work of cadre supervision .
organization ( personnel ) departments should strengthen coordination with discipline inspection organs , establish a mechanism of supervision and management of relevant cadres ' work style and clean government , and establish a unified system of liaison personnel and responsibility systems , thus enhancing the cohesion of supervision .
and with the discipline inspection organs to seriously do a good job in inspection work , improve inspection methods , improve inspection system , and improve the quality of inspection work .
and together with the auditing organs to conscientiously implement the system of auditing leading cadres ' economic responsibilities .
we should improve the internal supervision mechanism for the work of selecting and appointing cadres in organization departments .
hk to hold referendum on taiwan 's investment in mainland beijing , march 25
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the taiwan authorities have decided to impose a ban on the import of commodities in taiwan 's jing round and the two dynasties , one of taiwan 's lujing electronics joint stock limited ( called " lianhua joint stock company " for short ) , which provides a total of 5 million new taiwan dollars under regulations to assist in providing assistance to mainland china 's joint stock and technology companies under the name of providing assistance to them in the name of establishing a joint stock and
taiwan 's " china times " reported that this was a " double - dealing " case brought out by chen shui - bian [ chen shuibian ] , who is actively managing the affairs of the two sides of the strait , and who is the first case for the taiwan authorities to mete out punishment to taiwan businessmen investing on the mainland .
it is reported that the park 's screening personnel in the economic ministry said that the united electric power company was fined in violation of the regulations governing relations between the people on both sides of the strait and the investment or technological cooperation licensing methods in the mainland region .
in the future , the palms will continue to be considered as a situation , and the former chairman of united microelectronics , cao xingcheng , and others will be punished according to the situation .
the united electric started its 2000 project .
the then chairman of the united microelectronics company , cao xingcheng , then openly stated that the united microelectronics company did not violate any regulations of the taiwan authorities , and that the assistance provided by united microelectronics to huanhe technology was to unite power companies for the long term . if the united microelectronics did not enter the mainland market as soon as possible , it would lose business opportunities .
later , the authorities in taiwan oversaw the financial management committee , using the relevant commercial information to disclose the information to the united microelectronics company , which imposed a fine of 3 million new taiwan dollars .
on january 9 , 2006 , the board of directors of the united telecommunications company accepted the resignation of cao xingcheng and cao xingcheng was arrested for suspected investment in the mainland in violation of regulations several hours later .
the united electric company and taiwan 's chip circuit company ( called " chip " ) , and claimed that taiwan 's jing yuan and shuangxiong are large high - tech enterprises in taiwan .
the taiwan authorities have not been able to investigate and deal with the united microelectronics [ unita ] series of actions in the past year and have been highly concerned by people of all circles on the island .
hk 's 2 nd year of war in china 's southwestern region , macao , march 5
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the second meeting of the china international children 's association of china opened here today , and the chinese national children 's day will be opened here on sunday
the cultural contest was jointly organized by the macao foundation and the baihua publishing house , " the publication of the essay and the foreign edition " . li wenming , vice chairman of the chinese writers association , and others were the judges ' committee director .
in 2004 , the fifth anniversary of macao 's return to the motherland was the first time macao , the great cultural contest in my heart , the first time that a literary enthusiast at home and abroad actively responded , and the organizing committee received more than 8,000 entries , and more than ten award winners at home and abroad were invited to the macao sar for awards .
wu zhiliang , executive member of the macao foundation , briefed the press on the 17th that the great achievements of macao since last year , the ancient chinese cultural district , was included in the list of world heritage sites , not only signifying the macao people 's long - standing living style and community management model that the world people have enjoyed the same style of living in macao as the chinese nation and the chinese people have also implied the development of the chinese nation , and the macao sar government will
wu zhiliang said : it is precisely under this kind of good cultural atmosphere that the macao foundation and the hundred flowers publishing house " the publication of the essay of the essay " decided to cooperate , hold the second macao cultural festival in my heart , and hope that the participants will learn from the works to display their patriotic sentiments and to promote the prosperity of macao .
according to briefings , the draft of this competition on 1 september this year 's " the foreign language and sea edition " will open a special column to select and publish the work for the competition .
the results of the selection will be announced in early 2007 in the macao sar .
shandong successfully implemented a new case of cardiac transplant
jinan , february 17 ( xinhua ) the primary stage of the " yingqing yao " triumphant disease in jinan military region has been successfully implemented in recent days , said zhang yuqing , deputy director of the blood care and diagnosis research institute of the jinan military region .
on the 17th , the reporter saw in the heavy - duty monitor room that the infant 's 51 - day after the operation was red - faced with red - faced moisture , and all monitoring and inspection indices were normal and stable after the dangerous period of the operation . the nurses were playing with interest the toys he bought .
according to the doctors who received the diagnosis that this patient from tai ' an rural area in shandong province was sent to the hospital by his parents , all of his youth , suffering in purple purple , and having been confirmed to have been infected with cyanosis prophyosis , needed heart transplantation .
heart transplant operation is a most difficult and most difficult issue in the heart operation , most complicated surgery .
in particular , the infant cardiac transplant operation under the age of 1 is currently still vacant in china .
the jinan military region 's cardiovascular disease research institute organized experts to repeatedly appraise and design carefully designed the plan for operation and post - operation monitoring , and conducted independent innovation of the method of blood vessels in line with the requirements of blood vessels and conducted experiments on animals .
on the morning of 28 december 2005 , the operation officially began .
the heart of the patient is from a patient who had developed an acute lung bad caused a dizzy breathing .
the operation should coincide with six blood pipes and more than 510 needles , each injection is less than 3 millimetres .
after 295 minutes , the operation was a complete success .
china : state council to curb coal mine accidents
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the number of accidents in which the victims were trapped in a row was more than 100 , with the number of deaths and injuries rising to a record high in the past year , according to the ministry of health
the reporter learned from the state administration of production safety on 17 july that in order to truly curb major coal mine accidents and other major accidents , coal mines are the most important task .
this year , the state administration of safety and safety will do the following three things well :
the army continued to fight for the battle of vastness .
the vanity project will be reproduced after the start of the wava project .
if the high gas mine does not carry out a policy of pulling out from the country first , then it must order it to stop production immediately .
the army continued to fight for the battle of closing down and closing .
we should make public the number of the 5,243 already announced to the public , plus the number of 700 recently reported by various localities , one of the more than 700 coal mines , and the actual situation .
we should regard closing down as our regular work and keep closing those small towns and small towns that cause pollution to the environment without safety conditions .
the government of xijiao coal mine safety management should strengthen basic management .
it is necessary to immediately correct the phenomenon of not even allowing a small number of small coal mines to manage their land and to set up a standardized security management system .
in particular , we must grasp key state - owned coal mines , and absolutely cannot permit super - intense production by overriding workers .
this year 's production safety control indicator requires that the number of deaths in all kinds of accidents nationwide dropped by 3 percent from last year , of which coal mines dropped by 3.5 percent .
ten people died in one accident , and several people were killed .
these control indices have been assigned to provincial - level people 's governments , and various localities are implementing their plans at every level and implementing them at the grass - roots level and enterprises .
statistics show that in 2005 , the number of coal mine accidents in china was 5,986 , a decrease of 0.7 percent compared with the same period last year .
however , the number of people killed in the first serious accident has risen more than 66.6 percent over the same period last year .
( international ) barroso calls for greater flexibility in kosovo 's future status talks
xinhua news agency , belgrade , february 17 ( reporter he yi ) prostiety of the european commission ( ec ) said on the 17 th that the european union ( eu ) will continue to support the european union ( eu ) in the future of kosovo , and will continue to work together with the international community to build a democratic and multi - national partnership .
barroso met with the cote d ' ivoire president seydiouvouchitz on the same day and told the media that the parties concerned in kosovo should be tolerant and should establish a new democratic and multi - ethnic partnership .
he also stressed that the european commission will do its best to help kosovo develop .
barroso also expressed his appreciation for the efforts that kosovo has made in implementing the eight standards set by the united nations in the course of kosovo 's democratic progress .
he believes that the implementation of these standards is an important factor affecting the integration of kosovo and europe .
he also called on all serbia in kosovo to join the union of kosovo 's various institutions and to make due contributions to realizing democracy and the integration of all ethnic groups .
barroso arrived in the capital of kosovo on the same day for a one - day visit .
earlier , barroso visited croatia and serbia and montenegro , and he will visit macedonia and bosnia - herzegovina .
( winter olympics ) stimulant news analysis :
turin , february 17 ( xinhua ) the united states has decided to send a children to iraq to take part in the war on terror , according to the report
xinhua news agency reporter gao yingying
although italy has repeatedly ordered that turin winter olympic games be held , the number of people who used stimulants was not as high as that of gym .
the turin winter olympics opened on the 16th , the first doping scandal since the opening of the olympic games . the police sent a group of children to the scene to investigate the use of banned drugs .
the ioc announced the following day that the dispatch of the legend was out of the winter olympics . she was very happy at the winter season games this time . she was also a member of the world 's olympic committee , who won the silver medal of the women 's 15 km individual match in the winter olympics .
the international winter winter season alliance held a two - day meeting on the same day to express its sympathy and solicitude for the two - year ban on the distribution of children .
the ioc has always stipulated that athletes are not allowed to use the stimulant doses in the olympic games and will be deprived of the qualification for the competition , but they are not subject to legal sanctions .
however , according to italian law , athletes carrying and using stimulants are criminal acts . judicial organs are responsible for directly arresting and investigating the use of stimulants .
in december last year , the ioc and the italian government , after a year of hard barging , finally reached an agreement after the international olympic committee and the italian government reached agreement to open a new chapter in the olympic games using stimulant agents in accordance with the italian law during the winter olympics .
through the unremitting efforts of the ioc , italy has made considerable progress in its concession for the four days before the opening of the winter olympics , and has promised that the police will not enter the olympic village to search the athletes ' place . however , the drug - taking athletes who are positive will still be subject to investigation by the italian procuratorial organ .
according to a report , the italian government supervises the chief executive of the turin winter olympics , peter kantor , who has sent the national herbs incident to the duurin procuratorial organ .
however , the ioc and pestunt have not yet confirmed the matter .
russia 's 2 nd winter team medical team , andrey mitov , revealed at noon on 17 july that the dispatch of a legend had already left turin and returned to the country .
he once worked in the world anti - stimulant organizations for many years , chinese sports official shi kangcheng maintained that once the chinese hereditary had returned to china , this incident would ultimately have been decided by the great pain that would be beyond remembrance .
shi said that the ioc and the italian government have played an important role in the anti - stimulant efforts of the winter olympic games and have not completely resolved the internet even though italy 's procuratorial organs have indeed intervened in this matter , it is also very difficult to say .
according to the previous statistics on the use of stimulant by italian athletes , the number of banned offenders has increased by a large margin .
therefore , senior italian correspondent pierre of the italian lufka news agency said that the possibility of sending a children into prison is very small , and most of them are fine .
pierre also said that although the italian court could try the absence , the italian police did not go to other countries to extradite the chinese player and serve the sentence .
if they are sent to lva to refuse to accept the verdict , italy will also have no way to take her .
news roundup : new epidemic sites continue to emerge in all countries in the world
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to implement a new plan to prevent the spread of bird flu in africa , according to a report by xinhua reporters in beijing today .
the world health organization confirmed on the 17th that three areas in egypt have been infected with the avian flu virus .
in europe , france also discovered for the first time the bird flu virus in five countries , and europe is highly alert and strengthens preventive measures .
the who 's mediterranean sea advisor hassan bush told the press in egypt on the 17th that the current situation in the cairo city of egypt and the three regions in the south of mingya , egypt , have discovered 5-17 bird flu virus infected birds with the naurs of egypt , and the egyptian government has started to kill the suspected bird flu .
experts point out that egypt is the first country in the middle east and north africa to move to the region , and that migratory birds can bring the avian flu virus into the country .
egypt has announced that it has banned imports of live poultry from other countries and has strengthened quarantine work at border ports .
the capital of cameroon , yaounde , has been on the list of chickens in the past week .
cameroon has decided to suspend the import of poultry from nigeria , where the bird flu epidemic has occurred , and suspend the import of all poultry and pork on the border markets of the two countries .
the khartoum government has also built a comprehensive highway network covering the entire border within a short time , and the country 's basde center and the national veterinary laboratory are also in an emergency state . this will enable the country to carry out activities related to the 5/1 virus at any time .
in europe , denmark and sweden initially ruled out the epidemic on the 17th .
the swedish veterinary institute released a report on the dead swans found this wednesday . it showed that the swans in sweden had no bird flu virus .
the danish national veterinary authority 's preliminary laboratory results also showed that the number of wild birds found in denmark has not been infected with the avian flu virus .
however , the ministry of agriculture said that denmark still cannot take it lightly .
romania has seen nine cases of bird flu in eastern europe since the beginning of this year , and world health experts said in bucharest on the 17th that almost all areas in the danube delta region have bird flu , and they must take this seriously and romania may take a bird flu epidemic in the next three or five years .
in bangladesh , the government has taken all necessary measures to prevent avian flu .
the government livestock services bureau has provided relevant government officials with books on bird flu prevention and also organized poultry farmers to conduct training .
( newspaper clippings ) china 's first joint blood information management system established in zhejiang
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) according to the blood center of zhejiang province , china 's first blood information management and control network system has been officially established and put into use recently in the center .
a person in charge of the blood center in zhejiang province said that this means that any citizen will be killed in a county ( city ) in zhejiang in the future .
the person in charge further explained that if the import of relevant code records , system display the insolvency of blood donors , the time of interval will be raised .
this will not only protect the basic health of the martyrs themselves , but also effectively protect the lives of the blood users .
moreover , when blood supply is tight , the blood donors and their relatives have the right to give priority to blood use . as long as you input the effective blood donor , you can immediately show the blood donor information , which is quite convenient .
according to a report in hangzhou " today morning news , " the current information system has been in operation in all 36 blood - collecting organizations in the province , and the blood supply system has been put into use in all blood - supplying organizations throughout the province , thus realizing data sharing throughout the province .
to prevent the recurrence of landslides , 11 villages in the philippines urgently evacuated from the area
manila , february 18 ( xinhua ) the philippine government has decided to open a new house in the country 's 11 villages to prevent the recurrence of similar landslides , local officials said today .
south leitech officials , rogosti lyas , said on the same day that these villages had serious clashes with the villagers on the 17th , and that they had similar characteristics .
the evacuated residents of 11 villages will be placed in seven evacuated centers .
lyas said : the government yesterday ordered residents to withdraw from the airport , and today , another person was sent to inspect these villages , because some people did not want to leave their homes .
on the 17th , the mountain landslide incident occurred in the southern part of saint bell town of southern lesotho , where a mountain was seen from television images , soil and rocks had covered the entire village . they could only see several houses of roofs .
as the soil is very thick and humidity is very humidity , the people buried at the lower level can luckily survive and hope is very slim .
at present , 109 people have been found dead and 57 have been rescued .
it is estimated that the number of deaths caused by the accident may reach as high as 1,800 .
( overseas chinese feelings in fujian 's hometown ) quanzhou , a native of southern fujian 's hometown of overseas chinese , exports grew by 35.2 percent in the first month of this year
fuzhou , february 19 ( xinhua ) the united states has decided to increase the export of its coastal areas to a record high in january this year , according to the ministry of commerce .
according to customs statistics , the value of total exports in quanzhou in january reached 330 - million us dollars , setting the best record in history , increasing by 35.2 percent over the same period of last year , higher than the average growth rate of the whole province .
according to the analysis of the quanzhou city foreign trade bureau , the reason for quanzhou foreign trade volume in january can grow at a high speed is attributable to the role of quanzhou 's many foreign trade support services , the enterprises ' enthusiasm for export has risen , quanzhou 's economy has been active , enterprises ' confidence in operation has been strengthened , and the highly efficient and smooth environment for foreign trade development .
