white house urges taiwan to send nuclear inspectors to monitor north korea 's nuclear reactor
the white house today called for the early dispatch of nuclear inspectors to monitor the north 's nuclear reactor , and the white house announced the decision after the meeting between us president bush and south korean president roche telephone to discuss the issue .
white house national security spokesman jean - claude trichet said today that the two leaders discussed issues concerning the cooperation between the united states and south korea on the north korean nuclear issue and discussed the issue of nuclear cooperation . he also hoped that the iaea inspectors would return soon to north korea to supervise north korea 's nuclear reactions and the closure of the island 's nuclear power .
the spokesman pointed out that the two presidents also expressed their satisfaction with the agreement signed yesterday between the united states and south korea on free trade and would work to ensure the smooth progress of the two countries ' congress ' ratification of the agreement .
experts believe that in the past 20 years , pyongyang has been producing plutonium , which is sufficient to manufacture 12 nuclear weapons .
the six - party talks special envoy hill said last week that
the grand slump in western india killed 43 people
the western indian ocean region suffered from torrential rains , and water was flooded in some areas . the boundless air routes of the large cities in the western part of the country stopped overhanging .
the rescue officials said today that there were many cases of malaria among 43 people .
every six to september of the year , the number of accidents caused by the wind has often been increasing by the largest number of people in india .
the current rain is more than half of the victims were killed by the floods .
the indian financial center also received malicious signals .
in the 1929 s , only two hundred thousand people were killed , and many other people were killed .
the chief executive , mr pawn , said that single poles were born in 13 cases .
the city officials appealed to citizens to use the spray when rain was slightly drifting . they should not go out to protect their own safety .
the rain was slightly mild yesterday , most areas were still everywhere .
india 's flood drops nearly 500
according to officials and media reports , the indian government has decided to increase its spending because of rainstorms .

the report said that the purpose of kadan was to inspect the wild boring trees in the media .
he said : at the same time , india 's largest cotton production base , originated from china , is the country with vast waters .
india 's entire territory is from south to north , and a week ago , it has been entering various provinces , including the banks of various provinces , which have been holding a feeling of having a drought of willow and lin , to greet the rain , but it has not expected that the rain will come from unexpected events , and the rain will be filled with rain and droughts , the low - lying areas of highways , and the unparalyzed buildings of the region , statistics are about 500
wen jiabao on internet competition , consul general of vajpayee , stepped into the final
the spanish red tides , named " red tionne , " was born in wenbo , south africa today to criticize the " inventions " of the story of the red geophyic in the midst competition , which was not able to sustain the injury of koriste , entered the final because of the injury of the injury . the team tied off the bike in the world , and beat the team of the team of longtan from france
georgia said in a statement issued after the 16 th world cup and the 8 th championship that the team had called on the defense counselor to treat the injured . he beat the third set today because of his work .
the fourth seed jovorovic retreated , which was originally 3 - 6 higher than one of the common mountains , was more than one of the second seeds ahead .
the nake , besides the first time that the heat was too slow , was replaced by a broken engine , which was mainly used by the wind .
the satellite , which was used by the united states , is a natural gas company of the united states ,
the us think tank , science and international security research institute , reported today that commercial satellite applications were very popular in iran , but the technology of uranium enrichment in the vicinity of the natanz uranium enrichment facility might be to use the technology to protect nuclear equipment when being attacked .
these are the common wealth of the united states ( s ) , the common wealth of ancient states ( s ) , from the united states , and the new technology of the united states , which was released on the website of science and international security research .
the research institute is located in washington , providing a platform for non - profit research .
dump , which was found in najaf , only a kilometer south of the naantanzi facility , is carrying out road construction along the mountain path , and the facility is a uranium enrichment factory .
analysts said that the us - dprk summit was a " win - win " event , which resulted in a number of problems in the tunnel which was not clear , but the roads were still like a common " red cross " .
they said : " the skies of the ancient capital of the ancient capital city of qinghai province will be used to bomb the tunnel facilities . "
un special envoy holds talks with iran on nuclear issue
the un international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) deputy director - general hainning and iranian officials held talks today to seek ways to resolve iran 's nuclear programme .
however , iranian president ahmadinejad said at the un 's pressure on further sanctions that the united nations is still stubbornly resisting .
ahmadinejad has long been engaged in the research of uranium enrichment , but it welcomes this latest round of talks .
he said that the installation of poly - leaked structures could slow down or speed up , which is a problem of implementation , but no one should expect us to abandon our plan .
he made the above remarks at a time when he arrived in hainuen .
the company 's first trip to hainin was to formulate a plan to promote the resolution of iran 's nuclear programme .
the united nations has not yet frozen uranium enrichment operations , and has implemented two sanctions against iran .

iran 's talks group member also includes the iaea director - general saeed and the un security council under the iaea , ambassador solana .
the
the palestinian authorities ' sinister guiju , also known as the " yuanzheng " , committed every month of corruption in the cyberport . the prime minister , fatah , was temporarily appointed to take responsibility for the new government .
the relationship between the ministry of agriculture and the social affairs , kabul , told afp that prime minister jean - pierre abbas had asked chairman abbas to accept his resignation and also demanded that he be responsible for handling the daily administrative affairs of the new cabinet , which is responsible for handling the daily routine work of the cabinet .
abbas 's silence told afp that fatah 's proposal to quit the presidency was not a " mistake " to execute his current duties until he was elected the new government .
the hong kong sar government has always attached great importance to the issue of the " one china " principle .
france and yemen have been working for the first time since last month to form a palestinian emergency cabinet , which is responsible for violence at the cabinet of abbas , and announced their orders .
according to the basic law of the palestinian autonomous government , no such thing as the malay , which was not approved by the parliament , has now been paralyzed .
the emergency government 's authorization is expired today .
the wto representatives proposed a new case to break the doha round talks deadlock
the wto 's main negotiations representative said today that the united states should cut its tariffs on agricultural products , and the developing countries should substantially reduce their tariffs on industrial products so as to break the doha round of trade talks .
the official said that the new draft mode of operation requires that the united states make a demand for agricultural subsidies every year from the 180 us dollar which is now allowed to fall from us dollars to us dollar , and the developed countries have reduced tariffs on import products from below to category .
these proposals are aimed at breaking the doha round talks which have been going on for nearly six years and bringing about a breakthrough in the wto members ' reaching a compromise .
the wto secretary general said that these proposals were caused by the failure of common goals such as common malaria and development , but were based on equality and rationality in the direction of development .
lamy said that the origin of the proposal by member states will not be completely satisfied , but at present there is still a very small number of problems that have been solved by common understanding .
he called on the government to conduct intensive negotiations in the next few weeks .
the impact of red tide production was zero , and the loss of leather and polish leather products from japanese cars
japan 's economic sanctions against the country caused by strong earthquake this week have caused the shortage of automobiles , the shortage of computers and japanese products , said today that they would even suspend domestic auto manufacturers .
japanese encephalitis was 6.8 on the scale of richter 's scale , and malaria , the company of microelectronics , was forced to suspend operation of tokyo 's regional factories , causing a chain impact on the production of cars .
the world 's largest sales car manufacturer , a famous female spokesman , said that the giant pandas , which were closed from tonight to 21 august , will suspend domestic auto production .
japan 's industrial news agency spokesman nakagawa said that the day after yesterday , the day of the japanese - made three factories in japan , two of them , will suspend some production operations and will close down the weekend .
he said : the two factories were all operating in two big industries , including one in the industries , which would be affected , but the company will not list any additional rotation next month to make up for the backward production progress .
suzudi said that the two sides will hold talks on the issue of the plant in three days starting tomorrow .
the
the earthquake caused the most casualties in the country .

the guy said today that because of the earlier outbreak of the rush purchase in hong kong ,
the taxi stand in the indonesian plaza in the high - consumption zone is the name of the giant giant giant , which says that due to the incident in hong kong , we abolish environmental protection bags .
if the people are willing to pay a 40,000 - strong ( nt $ 463 ) nt dollar for a single house , then the expedition will be carried out .
2 )
the stamps , which are mainly environmental protection , are designed to replace the existing ones , are intended to replace them with green ones .
the only one to be traded in indonesia is the malaria fund , which has been sold by the state of indonesia , and not to be confirmed whether it will sell it in a few days .
the hostage crisis , which was caused by the south korean government , was directly involved in talks with the issue of the korean people
afghanistan
with the passage of time by one second , the situation has shown positive development , and south korean officials have met for the first time with organizations like the red ribbon organization .
however , at the same time , it said that another person was kidnapped .
dump calls on germany and south korea to withdraw their troops from afghanistan and demand that they be used to exchange the information on the 33 guerrillas who were detained by the afghan government .
"
" we have been working hard to get the red flag out of the talks , " said abu .

the
the difficulty in bringing about a maritime dispute is a consensus reached between the two koreas ' military talks .
as the monitoring of the boundaries of the sea area is divided into three terms , the three - day high - level military talks between the south and the north have ended without any joy today .
in border cities , the red flag was held . today , it was held in the last day of its agenda . kim chong - chol , chief representative of north korea , said : " we are making conclusions , not requiring these unyielding results to be discussed . "
the price of red skin was obviously too high .
he pointed out that north korea 's oceans were not legal .
the red ribbon , which was covered by the us military 's air force 's 1953 korean war , has been filled with evil , but has become a focus of disputes between the two koreas in recent years , and north korea has refused to admit it .
north korea said south korea 's illegal entry of the red tide caused tension .
red tide sighting in the area in june 1999 , causing dozens of north korean crew members to be killed .
in june 2002 , it was reported that similar clashes were reported in south korea .
us treasury secretary arrives in china for visit to environmental protection and exchange rate
us secretary of state powell arrived in china yesterday . the united states is making every effort to persuade china to further implement the necessary economic reforms and environmental protection work , especially to pay close attention to the renminbi exchange rate issue .
the us diplomats said that powell 's visit to china was " very successful " and was " very dangerous " when visiting qinghai , a major province in northwest china .
china 's current largest imitated arch lake is the largest in the world .
powell said today that he was going to beijing to meet with chinese officials in charge of the promotion of the us - china strategy economic dialogue initiated last year .
the us - china strategic economic dialogue mainly discussed economic issues such as environmental protection , and the most important issue was the issue of the renminbi exchange rate . us congressmen held that the overestimation of the renminbi was overvalued .
the us - china trade deficit is rapidly growing ;
the us senate finance committee voted overwhelmingly last week to approve a bill demanding the finance department to pass the basic error of monetary exchange rate the country list , so as to provide a legal basis for the united states to launch economic sanctions against beijing .
the us congressmen said that the rmb is undervalued , causing china to be sold to the united states very much , intensifying the contradiction between us - china trade . last year , the us trade deficit with china reached 250 million us dollars .
museveni said he would be using the ancient silk to make the bible completely withdraw from the football field before the age of 60
from the beginning of the mixture , muslims started to learn from the west .
there are some newspapers that list 14 cases of malaria ;
museveni reiterated that he hoped that the korean peninsula would be able to pick up the portuguese team 's teeth , but i really want to teach me . i believe that there is always the portuguese football association also very much hope to hire me as chief of the red lady , too , too , to hire me as chief of my husband , as chief of me , as secretary of hunting , because i also hope to hire me as chief
however , the 44 - year - old murayama is not planning to bring all his life to soccer , and he said he would be able to make a retirement before the 60 s . he did not want to be like boston roosevelt and froggelson , and did not do anything in the year of the year .
dump , i have already made a commitment to my wife , i will not be like robrose and frigate . i will always keep in the 70 s .
museveni said that america 's influence in the world is increasing .
i have too many things that i cannot do now .
dump , i do n't want to become a soccer adviser or a technical director , for example , bardino or sayji .
i do n't want to play such a role .
i do n't want to become a club chairman .
zqb : china 's wto accession will bring about new opportunities for development beijing ,
shanxi 's hongdong town cao village , wang bing , was a soldier in the malpractices of collecting evidence from the company of a gun from a company .
chinanews , july . com , has a very large amount of investment in the field of bike , which is the focus of public attention , hearing cases of the first instance involving the case of the guantang mountain in guangxi 's guangxi zhuang autonomous county , which was involved in the case of the guozang company , a criminal case involving gangs in the dark horse of the xintian village , cao shengvillage , cao shengguo village , in the town of guangtong village of
the fact that many domestic media are concerned about the progress of the case .
because the local departments concerned are more cautious , some reporters have not been admitted .
at present , there are still many things done .
according to the relevant department of the linfen central academy , the prison will be closed if it is done smoothly . it is estimated that the trial will end on that day .
however , whether you can be heard in court is still unknown .
at 9 : 00 am , a reporter noticed that lin yongquan , director of the central committee of the linfen city , was in a state of calm and traveled between the highway .
perhaps , the court is conducting a survey of wild practices that are frequently used in the court .

a passer - by who was passing here said that old people were looking forward to the national emblem and speak himself .
prior to this , the flood control and drought control office confirmed that the defendant wang bing 's father , cao shengjie , was the former secretary of the party branch of cao shengjie village , was dismissed from the office of the county people 's congress according to law .
prior to this , wang dongteng was sentenced to death because he had committed crimes involving explosives in the hands of wang bing , and was removed from village party branch secretary 's post and expelled from the party .
the " red army " of wang bing has triggered a large - scale " iron fist " incident in shanxi , which had caused concern at home and abroad . the central leadership issued instructions demanding strict investigation .
the dprk and the rok have reached a consensus on developing cooperation in light industry and underground resources .
chinanews , july 8 c the chinese government has decided to provide a new website for the public to report on the latest developments in the internet .
the dprk and the rok held a joint press conference on 7 june on developing light industry and underground resources .
according to the agreement , the rok will provide the dprk with light industrial products such as garments and other light industrial products , and the dprk will sell some domestic exploitation rights to south korea .
according to the japanese sending of the association , the rok and the dprk held a meeting in beijing three days to discuss the issue of developing light industry and underground resources .
according to the agreement , the rok will provide loans to the dprk for building dumplings and soap .
in this regard , the dprk will put three nuclear - powered exploiting powers in the country on the rok .
the south korean government will hold a large - scale joint military exercise with the signatory states of the red cross from the west on 25 july to transport 500 tons of contraband materials from the dprk for the first batch of contractual goods .
according to the plan , starting 28 july , the rok and the dprk jointly carried out a survey of gas from the eastern part of the dprk .
the rok government began to start the " three - no " policy on providing the dprk with 400,000 tons of rice .
in the dprk 's willingness to actively carry out its obligations to close down its nuclear facilities and other six countries , the dprk and the rok have again achieved economic cooperation .
the lanzhou commodities bureau has issued a circular on the price of a cow from the meat : it is not enough to have a price limit because the price of a cow is too high because of the price increase .
chinanews , july 10 a reporter asked : " what is the difference between the cpc and the cpc ?
at a press conference this afternoon , the lanzhou city commodities bureau invited relevant departments to give a briefing on the price of cattle .
at the press conference , it was learned that the department of the yuanhua smuggling bureau and other departments jointly issued a top paper price , mainly because the price of cattle has increased too much , which is beyond the ability of residents to accept .
it is learned that the latest price increase in the cattle - related price has reached 20 percent , and data show that this is the largest increase in the total volume of cattle in lanzhou since the beginning of the 1980 s . the shortest period is to increase the price .
" the government 's action is to consider the interests of the common people in the region .
on 26 august , lanzhou city commodities administration bureau chief zheng bijian , who was involved in the case of suspected fraud involving illegal meat , jointly issued a top restriction on the face prices of cowboy . the news aroused strong concern .
it is understood that the forum was aimed at listening to the opinions of various circles and making preparations for the next step of the concrete management methods .
this will be the first time the lanzhou city government has been holding a meeting on the bull - raising event .
the punishment of the chinese development promotion council
chinanews , july 11 - according to the news from xinhuanet , the red flag that fell in the air over the ancient han dynasty was stopped on july 9 .
the penalty order shows that the development promotion council of china has the following illegal acts : the phenomena of overstepping standards collected by the association of promoting industry in china ;
the investigation showed that the company had committed fraud by providing more than 21,000 yuan each year . the amount of money involved in the case was 1,070 yuan per year between june and february 2007 . the company also started collecting 200 grams of heroin from more than 20 units . besides , one member of the association collected from a company , the other from the village , the other from yuan to yuan , 80 yuan , was from the other , and the other from the yuan till the other , the
the reason why they act according to the " regulations on registration of social organizations " article 33 ( 8 ) is that they are not authorized to issue any document to the society within a specified period .
the south korean government hopes to resolve the korean peninsula nuclear issue through the six - party talks .
chinanews , july 12 - according to a report by the korean news agency , the south korean government is very worried about the upcoming six - party talks delegation meeting to be held in beijing on july 18 .
south korean foreign minister and trade ministry spokesman said in a commentary on 12 july that it hopes to start a new round of talks by taking advantage of the opportunity of the meeting of the delegation heads of the six - party talks to discuss the early conclusion of the initial stage and to implement the next stage of the talks , and to hold the specific and substantive proposal of the talks , so as to speed up the process of denuclearization on the korean peninsula .
the commentary also said that as a symbol of the north korean nuclear issue , china 's government will provide a legal guarantee for the rapid and complete realization of the korean peninsula 's nuclear - free goal .
officials disclosed that the beijing olympic games are expected to create a number of countries and regions participating in the games , and the biggest number of countries and regions that will be the largest in the number of participating countries and regions .
chinanews , july 16 c the latest news from the internet has been released on the internet .
xinhua news agency news agency , beijing organizing committee for olympic games , wang yongxiang , deputy director of the international affairs department of the beijing organizing committee , disclosed on 14 february that the beijing organizing committee will submit to the 205 ioc members a document on participating in the ioc olympic games in next month .
he said that if there is no accident , the beijing olympic games will become the most important sports event for all countries and regions in the history of the games .
the report said that on 10 and 12 april , wang shilin , on behalf of the organizing committee of the beijing olympic games , informed the general meeting of the sports organization of the pan - american sports organization about the progress of preparations for the construction of the arc , etc. , including the coordination of the aristocrates , etc.
wang shih - lin said : the pan - us sports organization 's member countries and regions all have expressed their strong support for the participation in the beijing olympic games , and all the 42 members have confirmed that they will attend the next month 's meeting in beijing to be held in various countries and regions of the olympic committee .
it is learned that during the meeting , the international olympic committee will hold a meeting with the organizing committee of the beijing olympic games to formally invite 205 ioc members to participate in the olympics .
( gao , yang limin )
wang yan 's sad condition improved , ' insisting on ' sitting on plates and muscles ' to restore ' two levels ' [ of the ' two levels ' ] .
yi
prior to the match , the injured wang yan 's injury was continuously rising .
the red ribbon , wang yan , who was born in shanghai from the center of the red ribbon , had to undergo a special medical ward from the patients ' side of the cauldre , which had a special need ward for medical treatment .
in the past half a month , wang yan 's upper limbs muscles have been further improved .

in other words , in less than half a month , wang yan 's family had to be found in the muscles of her lims .
former
the hospital rehabilitation experts originally planned to go to the hospital to give wang yan a medical treatment bed at the end of last week .
however , according to wang yan 's current recovery , the mainland has already started to carry out rehabilitation training .
wu xilai said : wang yan 's current training is mainly based on his feelings of being sitting in the hearts of others , she can stick to a one - time board , but the time is still not too long .
venezuelan president hugo chavez will cut the wages of senior civil servants by a big margin
chinanews , july 23 c a comprehensive report said that venezuelan president boris yeltsin expressed his support for the internal and foreign policies of venezuela .
he said : the substantial reduction in the salaries of senior civil servants .
he also said that he was very pleased to see that if foreigners attack the venezuelan government , they will be expelled .
the guys have ordered government officials to closely monitor the situation of foreigners visiting venezuela and to discover that anyone openly criticizes or commission the government ,
he said at a news conference on the evening of 22 may that venezuela is not tolerant to foreigners running around to the home to collect portraitous objects .
he said in his speech that the chinese government will greatly reduce the number of senior civil servants .
he said : the venezuelan civil servants ' wages are not higher than the amount of money spent on each month .
it is learned that in venezuela , some poor people 's monthly income is us dollars .
in latin american countries , the reduction of civil servants ' salaries has become a common practice , and has won the support of the broad masses of people .
peru ;
but ,
he said that the visit by carter to china was a great success .
dummy
at around 1500 hours beijing time , the international automobile movement council held a meeting in the afternoon of 26 december to discuss the fallujah technology espionage case . the summoned steamboat escaped after being rumored to be temporarily suspended from carrying out a series of operations against mai kai .
the international auto industry 's official website said after the hearing that the company has started research on the highway industry , which is located in the city of shanghai .
however , the french president 's technology spying case did not draw a line of pears .
the automobile sports council will hold a meeting in the decision to discuss the issue of whether to sell polyl in the future .
at present , the number of those who have been suspended from work is expected to reach more than 20 million , including the number of people who hold nearly 800 pages of french - li technical documents , including the french - language 2007 racing car design , the motive force of the + integration testing of + + + + + skulids , and the series of operational series of such measures as the development and operation of the leak testing link , etc. the joint testing of the leak development
mai kaikai , a boarding engine , was found in the rolls of england before he was suspended .
( wang yuan )
experts believe that insurance cover is a product of short term leaks
chinanews , july 30 c .
according to a report by the china securities news , the " regulations on the management of investment in insurance funds outside the country " was promulgated recently . insurance funds have a broader space for using funds in the capital market .
china 's + company chief investment officer , liu lefei , believes that the rmb appreciation and the domestic capital market are good , and the insurance agency 's incoming large - scale investment will not be able to increase its foreign exchange rate through purchasing foreign investment , and this also means that the chief insurance official will not divert the domestic stock market from the short term to the domestic stock market .
the report said that many insurance companies hold the same view .
experts said that because the current situation of the renminbi still has not yet been eliminated , insurance institutions ' means of evading risks are not sufficient , so the time for large - scale purchase of foreign exchange is not yet ripe .
" the government will continue to work with the hong kong government to promote the development of the western region , " said liu .
however , in view of the relatively large amount of appreciation pressure on the renminbi at present , china will mainly use its own foreign exchange funds to invest in foreign exchange .
the government has also adopted a series of measures to support foreign investment in the country .
( still )
china 's direct losses in 2000 reached 52.5 billion yuan , and the general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control , which was deployed to fight floods , were 52.5 billion yuan .
this reporter learned from the state general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control that , up to july , 1,181 million mu of farmland was flooded across the country , of which 54.14 million mu were affected , and 1.19 million people were affected . the total number of people died because of natural disasters , 4552 people died , 55.1 billion yuan in direct economic losses .
the cultivated land in the whole country has a total area of 140 - million mu , which involves 4,051 mu of land , which involves mainly land , which is mainly due to natural disasters caused by natural disasters , such as drought , natural disasters , natural disasters , natural disasters , natural disasters , and phenomena .
on july , the national flood prevention and drought control headquarters , in light of the current grim flood prevention and drought situation , made emergency arrangements .
the meeting called on all provinces , autonomous regions , and municipalities to strengthen management of projects for flood prevention , strengthen management of water conservation projects , seize the natural flood control , and win a comprehensive victory .
the state flood control and drought relief headquarters and other departments have sent three groups of work teams to investigate flood prevention and drought control in guizhou province and guizhou province respectively .
at present , the flood prevention work is being carried out in an orderly manner .

heilongjiang , jiangxi , and other provinces , in accordance with the plan , launched an emergency anti - drought response campaign , which is being carried out in an intense and orderly manner .
the chinese government has decided to set up a special committee to review the government 's decision on the establishment of a new government , said a senior official here thursday .
chen shui - bian 's secretive approval of judicial intervention in election taiwan 's " judicial yuan " denied and wanted to explain it .
chinanews , july . com , chen shui - bian questioned the legal personnel on the island in an attempt to get involved in the election of taiwan 's regional leader .
taiwan
according to a report by taiwan 's " dumplings , " chen shui - bian questioned whether judges or investigators were engaged in fraud because of political reasons or election considerations . he even attempted to influence various parties ' candidates in their election campaigns , claiming that he hoped this phenomenon would not exist in taiwan , but it might be very difficult for them to campaign .
in view of chen shui - bian 's doubts , the president of taiwan 's judiciary , yue sheng , did not respond to the issue , secretary general zheng guangqun , gao gao gao , deputy justice yuan zheng , spoke at the judiciary branch .
gao jinchi said : taiwan is not in a position to enforce laws and regulations by judges .
gao jinli pointed out that the phenomena of gaoxiong , kaohsiung , polarization , justice eviuated by the gaoxiong branch , had been involved in the kaxial course several years ago , that is , because the courses were of a political party colour , they were given a resolution by the self - discipline committee formed by judges .
zhang shengxi once thought of attending the party 's affairs too because he brought his position to run in the election .
gao jinchi maintained that if it is a case of individual cases , it is a case of the monopoly of monopoly by monopoly by monopoly enterprises , which is not subject to trial , and that the result of the ruling cannot be determined by the single ruling .
germany to reduce professional training
the staff of the pla navy 's air force , the navy 's air force , the air force , the air force , the air force , the air force , the air force , the air force , the air force , the air force , the air force , the air force , the air force , the air force , the air force , and the marine corps of the pla , held a joint military exercise in berlin on july 1 .
german education and scientific research minister shaukat said recently that germany should take a lower tariffs on " dumpling " companies , and that germany should " lower the threshold of laws " on imported foreign professional personnel , and solve the problems that germany faces in its efforts to bring in foreign talent .
according to the oecd report , germany has more than 15 years old , and 64 years old of labor force , which is expected to decline year after year .
if there is no sufficient migration , it will be impossible to replace the old german labor force with the current 6 percent .
however , the german federation of employers and the german engineers association reported that in germany , the number of employees in the labor market has increased by more than 20 percent .
according to the german federal labor bureau , the unemployment rate in may was only 0.6 percent higher than in may .
in order to protect its own people 's employment , germany has adopted a series of preferential policies to import foreign talents .
the german magazine " sinister " stipulates that the non - eu countries ' professionals are not engaged in dumping in germany at a rate of 8.550,000 euros , otherwise they cannot be granted a stay in germany .
shalom suggested that the limit be reduced to cover all kinds of things .
do not superstition theories ;
the " decision on the amendments to the law on lawyers " submitted to the npc standing committee for deliberation recently stipulates : the lawyers who have engaged in legal research and other professional work , and possess high - level or similar professional standards , such as those engaged in either high - level or similar professional work , shall be examined and approved by the state council 's judicial and administrative departments and be allowed to be appointed to the lawyers ' practice .
( 28 june ) the " china threat " magazine ) .
in law , there are many things like genetic engineering and deep - rooted problems .
for a long time , legal circles and colonialists have long been engaged in malaria , but there were phenomena of trition , which originates from the ancient state , which holds that the theory of the legal circles lacks necessary resources , such as the lack of necessary foundation in the field of internal affairs , whereas the phenomena of abusing the laws of justice , such as the zheng dynasty , the zheng dynasty , and the zheng bijian , which criticized the theory of the origins of theories
the chinese government has always attached great importance to such a division of labor and the legal system is to keep it under the condition of being mainly relying on others to support others .
however , the " law on lawyers " has been using the same old system to replace old concepts , which is objectively recognized by legal circles , to overpass laws , but this is actually a matter of course .
in fact , some comrades engaged in legal work have long been engaged in purely theoretical research and teaching purposes such as the law of the legal system , and their theoretical attainment has once again become closely related to legal affairs .
in this way , the law of origin is undoubtedly a law of origin .
the difference between rich and poor in theory is not just the same as that of experts , such as experts ' feasibility study meetings and discussions of experts , which will often affect or even reject the court 's judgment , but is also the direct expression of such superstition .
we should encourage chinese - funded enterprises to set up new navigation channels
the reporter of this paper , feng lei ,
from the state council 's news conference , it was learned that beginning on 1 july this year , china will implement the project of building china - funded international shipping vessels special registration policy , encourage the hanging of foreign - funded vessels to return to china to register , obtain information on the red somber from the prc , and obtain from china - funded companies in china , so as to obtain information on the operation of red sailors in the prc .
to further promote the development of china 's maritime industry and to strengthen the country 's maritime industry , the ministry of finance has recently issued a circular on revising the law on the import and export of large quantities of ships that have been registered and operated by chinese ships in international navigation .
the applicant can choose shanghai polytechnic company as a ship from dalian , which is a ship registered in shanghai .
britain reduces terrorist attack level
the special correspondent of the pla general political department held a news conference in london on 5 july .
the british government has also made long - term attacks from the top level of terrorism , from the top level to the serious category of corporate fraud , indicating that the terrorist attack in britain will not happen , but the attack is likely to be committed by the extreme .
at present , the british police have shifted the scope of the investigation to india and australia .
as the arrested eight people were suspected of terrorist attacks , they were all in the medical system and the government would carry out a comprehensive and thorough investigation into the background of migrants who had entered the medical system .
it is reported that nearly 20 percent of the people in the medical system in england are working in the overseas medical system .
prime minister john kerry also asked to investigate the malaria background of high technology migration , and employers or related agencies would request to provide background information .
do n't let the traders
the number of tourists and the number of people who were involved in smuggling and bored from business was the greatest of being neglected , and the natural fruits of social civilization were also covered by natural phenomena and civilization .
but at home , the number of people who travel abroad has encountered this kind of concern .
whether it is automobile or train , the train is using the gas to catch up with the peddlers and some uncertified intermediary dead bodies .
it is not selling flowers .
if you do n't accept it , he can chase you several hundred meters , and it 's all very difficult to get cheng jen - jen .
in some areas of wind and rain , many things are equally experienced .
the door is not opened , and there are people who are engaged in tourism and the big things from which to be covered by it .
when i entered the door , this situation became even more serious .
some media reported that the united states and the dprk had been making many foreign tourists to xian and had praised the monuments of xian . however , they were greatly shocked and unhappy about the fact that more small business hawkers were allowed to come to the heap .
these include the deep - rooted malachite green of the station , which is a product of the + corporation of natural gas , which should be civilized , harmonious , and peaceful , and such a phenomenon as " uncle " , has been caused by a tiny environment of unita .
the number of freed goods has increased by more than 20 percent . the amount of money involved in smuggling has been increased by more than 20 percent .
the important thing is that these things are the foundation of the building of spiritual civilization in the region , but the whole thing is that the damaged are not just the issue of image , but also have a great impact on the local economic development .
just think , if you want to do a big and powerful tourism industry , you can use such a chaotic and totally chaotic tourist environment to greet the arrival of the guests from south to north , who is willing to come , who dares to come ?
your tourist economy is also a good example .
with the increase in the peak tourist season , the number of tourists coming to the northern part of tiannan prefecture has created a civilized tourist environment . it should be said that the pressing task at present is to create a civilized tourist environment .
failure to do so ;
a civilized and orderly environment is the only way to make things happy .
in a word , the idea of letting the traders get rich is not too big .
the
the beijing dongcheng district has a long history of electromagnetic waves , which is used to distribute such items as telegrams , to reward 12 households for their own protection .
( " xinjing bao " ) on 10 july ,
i have made many contributions to improving the living conditions of these families , but i am very pleased with the fact that everything has been released , and also the award given to others , which is a measure of mood .
the jiayi street office deputy director said that because of the malpractices of low - income households , they should encourage them to return home on their own initiative , and they should set examples for other households .
this example , if it is to encourage other low - income workers to use their own efforts to extricate themselves from their predicament , then it is indeed worth advocating , if it wants to use them to soot the weak insured personnel who have long been cheating for low - income workers , then it is still not certain that they are infatuated .
in terms of differentiation and clearing away from low - income households , more resources are used to protect the legitimate rights and interests of households .
the departments concerned should strengthen the management of low - income families when enjoying the minimum guarantee .
after all , the failure of using the law to restrict things is a long - term plan .
the street is very much concerned about the loss of family members .
the street , as a first - class government organization , is managed by the state finance .
but , the money from the taxpayers should not be flower ?
on the one hand , the income from the low - income families proves that they have certain capability to provide self - reliance , and on the other hand , they apply for low - income workers not to exist ?
the " falungong " cult , which is called a life - saving money , should be used to provide relief in the snow instead of add flowers to it .
liu gang - yi is willing to serve as a service provider .
on 10 july , the first public - key leader in the country was elected by the gaoyi corporation , a new town , xindu district , which was formerly a town , for the fourth time accepted bribes , with a mentioning rate of 977.7 percent .
at the news conference with liu gang , the chinese government and people have always attached importance to the development of the country 's economy , including the issue of corporate commerce .
yesterday 's " xinjing bao " published a report on the " falungong " issue .
liu gang , a student of the department of applied science , is likely to be more expensive than officials under the system of making cadres , because such affairs are still more true , people are more uncommon .
the " taiwan independence " elements who have been appointed directly by the election are the main source of the chaos caused by the masses of common party members , and the latter mainly are appointed by higher organizations , while the orientation of the source of power will determine the former must be placed in the first place for the people .
the sources of power and the persons responsible for whom are the key factors determining the people in the election to do their work .
some people doubt such a concept of democracy , even more like a big family of democracy ,
my view is that the united states has such a democratic concept that involves all other things , it is better than not .
taking into account the reality of the building of grass - roots democracy in china , i believe that the practice of holding a referendum is a major breakthrough .
india hopes to select its first female president
on 23 june , after receiving the order from presidential candidate paul bore , the " red ribbon " presidential candidate ,
indian presidential election begins on the 19th , the new president will be elected at the current vice president shevardnadze and the newly - appointed rajasthan state of rajasthan bauhinia .
pope , who is a former president of the republic of korea , said that if she was elected , she would become a symbol of india 's " first female president " .
pope is the ruling party .
because the congress party is in a state of the presidential election , it is very difficult for the media and the people to get involved in the election .
the 72 - year - old male male from the name of rajaswant is from the state of biya .
she
she also worked for social welfare , and was a part of many culture and social welfare organizations .
analysts pointed out that patriarchs have become candidates because they are not always engaged in espionage activities in the indian national party chairman sonia gandhi .
in india , gandhi families have long been controlled by the ruling national party .
pope was subjected to a large number of female voters , and female voters believed that pawn would be discriminating against women .
the constitution stipulates that india is the only country that has the power to control the country , and the head of state of the country , not represented by any party , more of the country , or the country .
( yen ying - yi )
the united states supports the palestinian government 's expulsion of the extremist forces
the " washington post " of the general staff department of the pla , which was established in washington on 22 july , has been officially named as the " national security bureau of the people 's liberation army " in the united states .
us president bush said on 21 august that the united states will fully support the pakistani government 's plan to build a natural gas field and a shield by extremists from the border areas of pakistan and afghanistan .
bush said in a weekly weekly radio that day that the united states would not withdraw its troops from iraq because of new intelligence , but it would be impossible to do so in the border areas of pakistan and afghanistan .
he expressed his appreciation for this .
bush said that the united states will continue to support pakistani president musharraf and believes that musharraf will insist on establishing dialogue with bases and armed elements as a struggle .
the united states recently published the " national intelligence assessment " report , pointing out that muslims especially engaged in armed organizations , such as the yuanzheng base , which is still a big threat to the united states .
mashariqa and the northern region of pakistan held a meeting in september last year to discuss the issue of preventing politiciride forces and the issue of ministers at the base , which was not as desired .
these tribes are the principal culprit who is not willing or have no ability to protect the legitimate rights and interests of the region .
bush said in this press release that the united states would not be able to use force against iraq , but would not be able to use the force to resolve the issue .
the united states hopes that the agreement on the dprk nuclear issue will be comprehensively implemented
the " blue army " of the chinese people 's liberation army ( pla ) has been conducting a series of exercises in the past few days , including the " red army " and the " blue army " , in the united states , in the past few days ,
us assistant secretary of state james kelly 's visit to the six - party talks on the nuclear issue , said on 23 february that the six - party talks on the korean nuclear issue were very important and that the first time the meeting achieved real progress , but this was only a preliminary action of implementing the agreement .
the united states hopes very much that the relevant parties will reach a consensus on the resolution of the dprk nuclear issue and the " february 13 joint document " which can be comprehensively implemented .
the same day , hiller said at a news conference that in order to realize the goal of thoroughly resolving the dprk nuclear issue , it is necessary for the dprk to declare to the end of this year all its nuclear programs and achieve the function of its nuclear facilities .
he expressed the hope that all parties concerned will reach a comprehensive agreement within one year on the six - party talks on the dprk nuclear issue .
hill also said that the two sides should cooperate in the security and energy issues , and the two sides should also work out a working group on the us - dprk resolution , the us - dprk bilateral relations , and the japanese - dprk cooperation .
the global climate change has led to a rapid rise in alps and glaciers .
the " geneva human rights record " of the international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) was officially opened in geneva on july 1 .
the swiss academy of sciences 's ice - breaking expert has long followed and learned that from 1850 to 2000 , the overriding ice corn of switzerland is growing at an average annual rate of 39.5 percent .
the only pole was the result of the failure of the ice melting ice melting of the glacier .
experts believe that by the year 20,0000 , the global temperature will increase three times , the glacier will be smaller than the current figure , the rising trend is 5 , the icecap will all be melted .
arizona glacier is the longest icecap in europe and is listed as a key country in the world by the united nations organization for natural heritage , but it is still within the year from 2006 to 2006 , it has reduced 100 meters , and protection has reached + tu .
jiefangjun bao caption : ' the us military is a big threat to the united states .
liu jun .
the beijing olympic games are the largest of its kind in the world .
the staff reporters learned from the beijing municipal government on july 30 th that the first batch of the " red army " soldiers of the pla navy ,
reporter liang jie reports from the china consumer association that in august 8 , the number of people attending the 29 th olympic games was counted one year after the countdown , the association of consumers in beijing municipality , the association of consumers in shanghai municipality , the protection committee on protecting consumers ' rights and interests , the association of yi yi yi mixing [ yi ] , and the consumer rights and interests of hong kong 's consumers in the name of the six city consumer council , issued a letter to consumers
the proposal proposed : from the angle of enhancing humans ' awareness of the olympic games , learning gift and civilization , upgrading civilization , practicing civilized standards , observing social ethics , observing social justice , and acting as a consumers who know civilization ;
and enhance the awareness of the green olympics , protect the ecological environment , cherish the trees , actively promote sustainable consumption , and become a strong advocate of green consumption .
establish the concept of being diligent and frugal , change the concept of consumption , blind expansion of comparison , opposition to luxury and waste , and being a rational consumer concept ;
the key to improving the awareness of protecting consumer rights and taking the initiative to participate in social supervision , consciously respect intellectual property rights , correctly understand rights and obligations , and act according to law to protect consumers ' rights and interests ;
we should advocate the spirit of being honest and taking an active part in the olympic games , publicize the concept of the olympic games , and become the disseminator of the olympic spirit .
the world police company , the " hong kong heaven line " , is celebrating its 10 th anniversary .
on 1 july , the nanjing jinghai temple , the longtan longitude , was again knocked down , and the yangpu was released .
this thick historical fact has aroused the attention of the people of the country through the channels of television link between the mainland and hong kong , which starts from the business of hong kong compatriots . at this moment , joint efforts were made to celebrate the 10 th anniversary of hong kong 's return to the motherland .
over the past 10 years , when it was july 1 , the zheng hai temple in nanjing was overhanging over 155 houses , which was filled with red tides , the world 's longest red flavor , was referring to the qing island of the ceded island history .
not big , rich , poor , poor , rich , poor , rich , poor , rich , poor , rich , and poor , big , made themselves through themselves ,
the
zhong shoulder - to - shoulder 1.99 meters , and an undercover undercover story in hong kong .
when the police in those years planned and built the world 's police , wang fengling explained that the + five thresholds were completely removed from paper , which was all around the body of the white paper , and the whole copper zhong used high and high - level steamers and two dragon boarding ball , symbolizing the bright pearl of the motherland in hong kong , and the final name of the giant blossom in nanjing , as a symbol of the city of flowers
the first proposal of the time to build the world police was yu xiaohui , a democratic party member in those years , who was filled with such a feeling , saying that " falungong , which has been practiced in hong kong for 10 years , hopes that hong kong will be able to immediately begin as the sun of mystery , but not the same as the mangles of the sky .
( end ) zhu rongji
the russian security agency accused the oligarchs of being " rogue " to launch " sinister conspiracies "
the exiled russian oligarchs in london , perez , the lawyer , bodov , announced on 2 july that the russian federal security agency had already made an official proposal to his litigants .
borolovkov pointed out that the meeting between putin and putin in april this year was a very important meeting in the united states ' relations with china .
the russian federal security agency 's reconnaissance department immediately carried out a special investigation into the incident in accordance with section 278 of the russian criminal law regarding the abuse of power by other people in criminal cases . recently , it formally submitted a report to the georgian court in moscow , demanding that the case be dealt with .
it is learned that in february 2006 , the russian federation general procuratorate instituted a new criminal case against the others , and according to the same widow in exile , the court found that it was attempting to seize the russian regime by force .
the reason for the fact that perry has always been extradited abroad is not extradition , the russian side temporarily suspended the investigation of the case in january 2007 .
on 2 july , the russian federation council passed a resolution to hold a trial of the oligarchs .
the us military has always been engaged in smuggling activities because it is not easy to borrow money .
( bi yuan )
guangxi zhuang autonomous region has a responsibility position to be supervised by administrative efficiency
since the beginning of this year , various localities and departments in guangxi have carried out a series of work - related activities to improve the efficiency of administrative organs . when the authorities concerned were trying to get to the root cause of the problem of responsibility system , the " three systems " system , and 33 key departments examining and approving applications for using + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + supervision posts in the autonomous
up to now , 619 people have been held accountable .
the reporter learned from the xinzheng autonomous regional discipline inspection commission that currently , the guangxi zhuang autonomous region has initially formed the regional customs authorities such as the " red tide " phenomenon in xinyi city , and has strengthened supervision of key departments ' responsibility for such work . the 14 cities ' electronic supervision systems have been completely linked to the autonomous region 's network .
the autonomous region 's administrative efficiency electronic supervision system directly affects the enterprises that are directly related to the investment environment and the production and livelihood of the people in the region , such as the number of key projects directly under the jurisdiction of the autonomous region , further regularizes the examination and approval behavior , and improves the efficiency of examination and approval .
at the same time , discipline inspection and supervision organs at all levels in guangxi have seriously handled cases involving the interests of the masses who cause failure in work style , and so far , 1,669 cases have been investigated and verified , and 584 units have been investigated and handled .
the standing committee of the party committee of the red cross society said on 5 march that the supervision of administrative efficiency is always a routine work of accompanying administrative activities , and it is necessary to gradually form a long - term mechanism .
guangxi should further improve and regulate the administrative system , improve the management system of enterprises , establish and perfect the supervision mechanism for administrative efficiency , and regard the supervision of efficiency as an institutionalized system . it should further regulate the supervision and inspection procedures , perfect the mechanism for handling complaints and for evaluating achievements . it should increase the intensity of investigation and affixing responsibility , and ensure that the system of responsibility for administrative achievements is in place .
the chinese government has decided to set up a special committee to study the new law on the protection of intellectual property rights ( ipr ) , said a senior chinese official here thursday .
nato does not exclude the possibility of a confrontation with the united states on the abm issue .
the nato news agency , simont manman , said in an interview with xinhua on 9 june that it is not excluded the possibility of linking the us anti - missile system with the nato 's own defense system .
the mona - nelson said that the nato 's current study of the us anti - missile program is aimed at increasing the us anti - missile base protection to all areas of european allies .
" the nato has the right to use its own theater missile defense system and has begun to discuss the establishment of a strategic missile defense system , which will include the us anti - missile system with the nato 's own defense system in the future , " she said .
she also said that the relevant us policy on establishing anti - missile systems in europe , nato will promptly resolve the issue through various channels with russia .
the chinese government has decided to set up a special committee to study the new situation in the world , said a senior official here thursday .
two jordanian men were arrested for planning attacks on the us .
two jordanian men jailed for planning attacks on a us citizen in jordan , were arrested by jordanian national security court on 11 april .
the two men , both aged 25 , were arrested by the company .
the court said that the main reason why he was also charged with illegal possession of fireworks was that he was suspected of being involved in illegal migration .
the court originally decided to sentencing hu jintao to death and to consider the need to give him a treatment of overstepping the shield , and to pass the dump to the eight years .
the indictment said that the two defendants had been released after the iraq war and committed suicide to escape punishment for the innocent victims of american humiliation .
in august 2006 , they discovered a man who was working in the capital of jordan abujan .
the indictment did not make public the name of the american .
the indictment also accused the two defendants of attacking other americans .
the chinese government has decided to set up a special committee to study the new situation in the world , said a senior chinese official here thursday .
the chinese government has always attached great importance to the development of the relations between the two countries and has made great efforts to promote the development of bilateral relations .
according to the us media report on 15 june , the anti - diabetes disease and other bad responses have recently been reported in the united states , with a rising trend .
the food and drug administration ( fda ) of the united states issued a safety warning in may this year , advising diabetes to use aldia carefully , because scientists published on 21 may a book entitled " new medicine magazine " which says that this type of glittering drug will greatly increase the incidence of heart disease among patients and the rate of malachite in the hearts of the patients .
wen yadi 's background was affected by the heat wave of disease and disease .
the statistics show that in the issue of safety warnings , about 20 per cent of the total number of complaints received by the us pharmaceutical authority ( ha ) received from the us pharmaceutical authority ( ha ) , of which 38 were from the death report .
in the first two months of this year , the drug administration took out only one - hundred and one - thirds of the total non - performing response reports .
these bad reaction is lightly related to the water in the water and weighs up to sudden death .
however , the us drug administration 's drug expert team believes that the current situation is that wen yaowen is not safe , but it has long been revealed .
the authority will hold a meeting on july 30 to discuss the issue of tamiflu .
in 1999 , wen diego was a kind of pancreas .
there are about 6 million people in the world who have taken or are taking the chinese language .
wen yadi 's background is the british polystem , which has always considered the origin of the project , said the company , adding that it is more than cheap to patients .
the united states wants to restart the middle east peace talks
us president bush said on 16 august in washington that he called for the establishment of a new round of talks on the palestine - israel issue in the fall of this year , inviting some individuals from the neighboring arab countries and other countries concerned to attend , in order to jointly promote the restarting of the middle east peace process .
on 17 august , bush also called egyptian president mubarak on telephone , demanding that the world and the republic of saudi arabia be governed by telephone , asking them to actively respond to the proposal and support the palestinian national authority chairman abbas in actual deeds to help palestine and israel resume peace talks at an early date .
abbas said that the central committee of the plo would discuss the issue of the early palestinian general election
the palestinian national authority ( pna ) chairman abbas said in ramallah on 18 february that the palestinian liberation organization ( plo ) central committee had been holding a two - day meeting on the same day , and the meeting would discuss the holding of a meeting between the palestinian national authority and the legislative council .
on the same day , abbas held a meeting with the eu 's foreign and security affairs commissioner pascal , saying that the eu 's foreign policy and security policy will be " very important " if the plo is to be elected .
at the same time , abbas has also expressed his support for the relations between the palestinian national authority and the eu .
he said : the palestinian side welcomes the eu 's decision to adopt the palestinian president 's office .
abbas urged the eu to continue its support to the palestinian people in gaza .

he said : the middle east issue involves many issues such as the issue of the united nations , the united states , and russia , and will discuss the issue of restarting the middle east peace process . the following few days may be the issue of urging the united states to take action .
dump said that the eu is not satisfied with the deployment of international troops in gaza , but it still needs to discuss with other parties , especially the cooperation with the united nations .
the chinese government has decided to set up a special committee to investigate the cause of the accident , said wang jiarui , head of the international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) .
jiangxi will build a new countryside for 30 years
for a long time , a large number of professional personnel in public health have been engaged in rural work , making important contributions to the health of the grass - roots public and the health of the peasants .
recently , jiangxi province decided to conduct a comprehensive survey on the quality of rural medical workers who have completed more than 30 years of specialization in rural areas to receive awards for 30 years in rural health work .
according to the jiangxi provincial health department , the number of people living in the countryside and township health care centers held by the government has increased by 20 percent , while the number of people having knowledge of medicine and medicine , which is middle - aged and above , and specialized in health technology , has been merged into township and town grass - roots blood defense groups or mammal villages in the township health care institute or in the village where there has been a period of 30 years , and the scope of
the first batch of the confirmation was completed at the end of july .
in the case of rural health personnel who meet the requirements , jiangxi province has issued invitations for 30 years to promote rural health work , such as being " honored prize " , it also has instituted such practices as " giving priority consideration and giving preferential treatment in favor in the area of assessing research on imported technologies , " giving priority to taking care of and giving appropriate preferential treatment in favor of such examinations , namely , using hydroelectric field projects .
senior colonel exams alone
the jiangxi provincial health department will also arrange a certain number of vacations every year to provide certain funds for this purpose .
since the beginning of this year , jiangxi province will launch a special project involving petrochemical industry every two years to become honorable prize .
the chinese government has decided to set up a special committee to study the new law on the protection of intellectual property rights ( ipr ) in the united states , according to a press release from the chinese embassy here tuesday .
the us department of defense reconsidered the reduction of us troops in europe and the united states in military plans to reduce the number of us troops stationed in europe
the us defense department official said on the 23rd that due to the iraq war and changes in the world situation , the us department of defense is considering again formulating a plan to reduce the number of us troops stationed in europe by about half .
the us media quoted a defense department official as saying that the us military has been in a state of emergency since the iraq war and the us - russian and iranian relations have deteriorated , and the department of defense has been very worried about the feasibility of reducing the european military forces ' plan .

at present , the us military has a total of less than 20 persons .
however , in june this year , us military european command chief mullah dok submitted a report to the current defense secretary , which proposed a reduction plan .
the report said that the us forces in europe have made a series of moves to reduce their military forces , but they have also been transferred to iraq and afghanistan in succession , causing the shortage of us personnel in europe and not having any normal cooperation with the european allies .
the report proposed that the reduction of us troops stationed in europe be stopped .
the relevant us experts believe that the above phenomena show that the long - delayed expansion of the iraq war has caused confusion in the us military 's original readjustment plans .
the chinese government has decided to set up a special committee to study the new situation in the korean peninsula , said a senior chinese official here thursday .
the shandong jiuzhou project of providing safe films has been launched into the community to help people get rich from the management of the construction work in the community
rmrb commentator on party building in qingdao , 26 july ( reporter song xuechun )
to further deepen the reform of urban civilization and make it difficult to build a stronger atmosphere of communications and rule by law among the vast number of residents , and enhance their awareness of abiding by the law , the provincial authorities have started to implement the law from 20 july to 10 august ( from august 20 to august ) . the miaozi city company , which is an observer of the rule of law , has been using the name of zheng zi square , at the jiayang plaza
in the movie , the film was called " red flag " printed by the company , which protected life , and made the common people of the vast majority of the people , and some propaganda materials were issued to the public , and broadcast the " blue story of life among citizens " and " education on school road " .
the one in the film was the result of the strong reaction from the public .
in particular , the " law on school road " special feature films , which were adopted by various channels , were released from uncommon knowledge , and it was also accepted by a profound education .
this film attracted the attention of the audience of more than 3,000 people .
through the transport safety film , the film has entered the community ( including the red ribbon ) activity , enabling the vast number of residents to get along with nice and enjoy the film , and has received a profound education on traffic safety . it has been welcomed by the public , especially the new residents .
the ministry of health said the chinese restaurants will gradually implement a public health supervision and publicity system .
to better serve the implementation of the " food hygiene law , " the state council 's " decision on further strengthening food safety work , " the ministry of health has separately set up a " food and environmental hygiene department " in the haidian district of beijing municipality , the xinzheng temple in taizhou city in zhejiang province , the luoyang city of henan province , the longyang city in hubei province , the red red red sank in hainan province , 10 places including sichuan province , and the provincial
this system also will be gradually changed to the whole country .
the catering industry health authority ( cita ) has been working on a regular basis to supervise the operation of the food and beverage unit .
it is reported that the system of making public the particulars of newly born birds and those found using the unified formats stipulated by the ministry of health includes nine on - site inspections of the conclusions of comprehensive evaluation of the results of the on - site health supervision , the name of the institution responsible for supervision , and the number of complaints received by customers , and the contents of the advertisements posted at the entrance department of the examination unit , which is being placed on the entrance of the examination unit
the chinese government has decided to set up a special committee to review the implementation of the " outline of the 10 th five - year plan for national economic and social development ( 2001 - 2005 ) " and to make a decision on the next five years to establish a new round of the six - party talks on the korean nuclear issue .
the security council decided to extend the peace - keeping force term for egypt and eritrea
the un security council unanimously adopted a resolution on 30 june , agreeing to remove the indiscriminate removal of un forces stationed in iya , the un peacekeeping force ( iiichiro itae ) from six months to january next year .
the resolution requires all parties concerned to honor their commitments , exercise restraint , and ease tension to avoid untuitous military activities , and call on the unidentified rio tianya to immediately throw its troops and military equipment out of the temporary security zone , calling for the reduction of the number of armed conflicts recently deployed in the nearby security zone .
the resolution called for immediate action to be taken to remove the border of ecuador from the list of non - polluted farms .
the resolution reiterated its full support for the peace process of the eritrea border committee and expressed its appreciation of the committee 's decision to hold a meeting in new york on september 6 .
in 1998 , eritrea and other evil cults broke out along the border , causing many deaths .
in june 2000 , ethiopia and eritrea signed a cease - fire agreement in algiers , capital of algeria .
the united nations began to hold the first summit of the un peacekeeping forces along the ethiopia and eritrea in july 2001 to supervise the implementation of the cease - fire agreement between the two countries .
the chinese government has decided to set up a special committee to investigate the case of the smuggling of drugs , according to the official sources .
to greet the arrival of the olympic national county seat
the special correspondent from chengdu , june 30 , 2007
xing yi , a reporter from the yuanyuan news report : in order to implement the party central committee 's instruction on building a harmonious socialist society and in coordination with the building of a new socialist countryside , the all people are engaged in the olympic industry as the theme , rich cultural life among the masses , red ribs in the country , natural resources in the country , the natural resources of the country , the natural resources of the country , the two county , the country , were opened on the 30th
the six - day event attracted the attention of the world 's top 10 county - level men from all over the country .
according to the regulations , the number of athletes participating in this competition must be from among the young players who are over 18 years old .
all the 2006 - 07 budget of the state sports administration , including the state administration of physical culture , will be prohibited from applying for entry to participate .
the competition was conducted in china 's largest oceanic enterprise , which was recently examined and approved by the china association for promoting friendship . the competition was divided into two stages of preliminary competition .
the competition was jointly sponsored by the state administration of sports administration , the china association for management of affairs , and the china international sports corporation .
in recent years , the number of people who had graduated from ancient civilization has increased rapidly .
in particular , in the new rural construction , double - growing counties have vigorously implemented the project of using peasant sports facilities as a foundation for building sports facilities and beautifying rural sports facilities .
the modern uniform three functions are :
first , the functions of identification .
different countries ' armed forces are different from other armed forces ,
in the world , the number of small and medium - sized armed forces is increasing , although the number of military uniforms is basically the same , there is no military alliance between the two countries ' armed forces is completely the same .
second , the function of a symbolic nature .
in a certain sense , military uniforms are both a form of state mental looks and a symbol of national unity .
in the courtyard of poly , it was used as a " red packet " for the three categories of uniformity , which was most capable of showing the army 's prestige , the courtyards , the courtyards , the courtyards , brushing cannons , and the beauty .
third , the function of protection .
with the development of new weapons and equipment , the quality of new types of training and equipment has been enhanced . as a result , the uniform of military uniforms has been tested against the poplar bacteria radiation , and the temperature being transferred from ulaa leathy to strengthen coordination and other functions , which has become the key point in the development of military uniforms .
( shi wei )
a certain unit 's party committee handled problems such as overstating problems from the practice of using oversimplified practices and overcoming difficulties through handling affairs by organs of party committee of the team
the special correspondent from chengdu , july 3 , 2007
the chinese government has always attached great importance to the prevention of malaria , which is a product of malaria , and has benefited from the firm 's determination and power to build a green house in the qing team party committee organs .
today , the chengdu military region 's communications training group , which had been relocated by more than 10 cadres from a communications company , was all happy to see the tumors caused by the big mountains of the party committee of the team , daring to resolve the problem of big problems by untouching hard work , full of respect and admiration , and the rich multuous and colored .
in the past few years , with the increasing number of personnel in the regiment , the family building of this group was completely destroyed by the rules and regulations , which made the number of housing difficulties for the existing cadres , and the officers and men have a rather big opinion on this .
the group also had a few sorties .
it is only by daring to overlook the truth that it is not possible to resolve the problem .
the new party committee leading body has reached a consensus , and the principal leaders personally started to study the implementation of all the problems of illegal occupation of houses .
they have engaged in a sweeping operation , using such things as " red ribbon " , hoping that personnel concerned will be involved , such as the secret of armed forces , collecting funds from the army 's austin economic policy , and showing the firm determination and principled stand of party committees .
we should not only take a look at the phenomenon of unwillingness to retreat from home ownership , but also see the problems of overspending and overspending in a timely manner , and the party committee organs should adopt corresponding measures to encourage them to take the initiative in cooperating with the work of the army .
after two months of hard work , the number of cases inside which the unauthorized houses occupied by the residents in question was completely released on time , and the number of working cadres of the regiment was divided into housing according to the regulations .
the party committee of the unit dared to be tough in handling tough cases , and also produced a effects of + + + + + + + + + + + the effect of the previous few cadres who were unwilling to actively cooperate with the organization , and now they have expressed their willingness to submit themselves to the organization 's decision .
qiao qingchen meets bangladesh air force chief
the staff reporters learned from the general political department of the pla that the first batch of the " red army " soldiers of the pla navy ,
reporter zhang shun reporting : at the meeting of the committee of the central military commission [ cmc ] , long yongtu , commander of the air force , met with general qi aobang , chief of the air force of bangladesh .
qiao qingchen said : china and bangladesh have enjoyed a sound cooperative relationship since the establishment of diplomatic relations . high - level exchanges have been frequent , and friendly exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been strengthened continuously .
the two countries have always supported each other in international affairs and in their national construction .
the chinese side appreciates and thanks bangladesh for its consistent support for china on issues such as taiwan and tibet .
qiao qingchen said : the chinese armed forces value the traditional friendship with the bangladesh armed forces and hope that with the joint efforts of both sides , the friendly relations of cooperation between the two armed forces will be further expanded and strengthened .
qi said that bangladesh is willing to make joint efforts with china to further develop the friendly relations between the two armed forces , especially the two air forces .
he reiterated that the bangladesh government will , as always , stick to the one - china policy .
prior to the meeting , qiao qingchen held a welcoming ceremony for zimbabwe 's visit .
qi , who arrived here earlier this morning , arrived here on a four - day official visit to china at the invitation of qiao qingchen .
the ' 07 uniform designer ' is a guest of the chinese military online .
the staff reporters learned from the general logistics department of the ministry of finance that the project of building a new - type nuclear power plant will be carried out in succession from 1 august .
this evening , the china military online specially invited military experts from various circles to join the hands of colonialist officials , chen jun , deputy director of the armament bureau , senior engineers of the institute of armament needed to be the army , su yang , a guest of the chinese military , and richarred new uniforms from netizens within and outside the army . it also caused repercussions in the netizens .
the two guests are the hong kong federation of trade unions , which has developed the product of air defection , and are directly involved in research and development of air defects .
speaking on the new military uniform , li peng said : the new uniform system is a new type of military uniformity , which is particularly common in 97 military uniforms .
the ' 07 - style uniform ' is the most important characteristic of the ' leak ' function , which has been transformed into a human nature , which has enabled our army 's uniform to reach the level of coordination among the three armed services , the standards for the series of coordination of the various kinds of auxiliary systems of the three armed services , signifying a historical leap in the building of uniforms of our armed forces .
the two guests also exchanged views on the new uniform strains of the red ribbon , which was a product of the new uniform , with netizens .
the reason why the yuanhua case was caused by the invention of the xinzheng corporation of china , which was jointly sponsored by the china army netting new wave networks and china 's xins .
jingjiang city people 's armed forces ' platform has been upgraded
the first batch of the red flag , which was built by zhu jiayan , was formally put into operation on 18 june in jingwu city , jiangsu province . the number of armed forces coming from xinlou town , minister of state lu qing , was given a lecture on " fighting and winning a war under the condition of informatization . " the cadets were unanimously accepted by the students in the course of the course of the course of the course of the course of the course of the training .
this is the common understanding of the " red army " in the light of the reality of the work posts of the wuyi department , and is making great efforts to improve the overall quality of cadres of specialized armed forces .
at the beginning of this year , the party committee of the ministry of people 's armed forces discovered during their investigation and study that some cadres working for master du yuzhi were suspected of being involved in smuggling , not taking up their posts , and not concentrating their main energy on armed work .
to this end , they have adopted the method of concentrating training on research work in places where the congress is relying on training in local party schools and other methods to train specialized cadres at regular intervals and to focus on solving problems of knowledge of military cadres such as knowledge of military affairs , unitary professional knowledge among military cadres .
in light of the central task , we should boldly send cadres to work in areas such as mine , gas , and gas , to train them through work posts , and enhance their ability to work for posts .
at the same time , they actively coordinated local organizational departments and jointly formulated the " regulations on the competitive hiring of specialized military cadres " and clearly stipulated that the armed forces ministers must be recruited under the party committee , and they no longer engage in other jobs ;
and established a system for the adjustment and exchange of cadres with full - time military strength , which is not suitable for grassroots armed forces work at the grassroots level , to adjust and exchange in a timely manner , to strengthen the work ability of comrades who are comprehensive quality , good at work , and strong in promoting and employing them .
not long ago , the new century company 's chief of the armed forces , chen yisong , led the militia technical detachment in innovating and developing underwater technology , filled the gap in domestic monopoly , and was upgraded to the head of the armed forces department of the company .
good at doing things , we should also be good at the end .
from the results of the competition alone , the two - 2 score was only the rational , but the difference was also the result of being accepted by all , and the key was the process of the competition , so much regrets it .
if iran is 2 - 1 , it will be the same as other countries in the world .
good at the start can not be a good end , but it can be said that it is an old problem .
they often
this is indeed not a problem of being honest by nature .
however , from the perspective of today 's competition , the competition seems to be unfinished .
sun jihai , deputy director of the qingxiang huaicheng administration , said that the idea of building a modern enterprise system in europe was not mentioned , but li wei and others also were the long - tested " red ribbon " that they saw .
the reason why li gaoyi was forced to pack out of the mire was that he was in a position to overthrow the retreat .
iran 's team won the first round of the world cup in a backward condition , and the scene was completely tortured .

we should overcome the mentality of being good at the start and not good at the end , and we must find the root cause for the problem .
as long as the problem is accurately identified and the problem is corrected , it is not difficult to find a solution .
i am afraid that i am afraid of being in a state of emergency and taking medicine .
if this goes on , it will kick the idea of more competition . old problems are still very serious .
the ministry of public security sent a telegram to the guangdong frontier defense command hospital for collective diagnosis of the second group of the second group of the collective meritorious team of the guangdong frontier defense command hospital .
the special traffic and transport department of the shenzhen special economic zone of the pla recently issued a circular on the new year 's eve of the lunar new year .
" the hong kong red cross society has been a product of the chinese red flag .
this morning , the ministry of public security sent a telegram to the guangdong frontier defense headquarters hospital for collective commendation and the advanced deeds of supporting the government and cherishing the people in shenzhen .
the guangdong frontier guard headquarters hospital has regarded building a harmonious society as one of the important factors that involved the common prosperity of ancient han dynasty , which was mainly involved in the construction of a harmonious society of society .
the hospital has specially equipped a single red carpet service , free of charge , receiving free overhead treatment from peasant workers , and has introduced a new service card for peasant workers , so it takes only seven yuan each month , it takes only seven yuan to enjoy 12 medical examinations and guarantee .
this will benefit the people 's livelihood and benefit the peasants ' 12,000 - plus workers .
from the perspective of + + + it , the hospital also started the lighting of 1,000 candles from the red cartoons , and organized eight cases of eye disease patients and medical personnel in tibet to dig out from the remote areas of qinghai , such as the qinghai provincial medical team , to send glasses glasses , such as 3,000 milk , to health , free of all free , so that patients can see a light again .
the armed police force started the " exercise of the 2007 new type of clothes and the " 17 type " clothes on august 1 .
the staff reporters learned from the general political department of the cpc central committee that the " red cross " project was a long - term project of the yuanhua smuggling case .
today , this reporter learned from the armed police force 's 07 style of clothes distribution ceremony and the activity of planting trees and grass in 2007 that the newly replaced 07 - type clothes were common polo , which was used as supercomputers for collecting guns , such as the " red ribbon species " , which was common in common names , of the four species of big species .
garments , which are now made of olive green , are made of olive green , and are made of white - coloured ribons and seamless , with the overall design of the seamless , the erected structure of the type of red , and the standard of the national costume model .
the female officers and men engaged in big - bored , colored , colored , colored , colored , colored , colored , colored , colored , colored , colored , colored , colored , red , blue , green , green , red , green , green , red , green , red , hot - colored , hot - colored , hot - colored , hot - colored , hot - colored , hot - colored , hot -
the newly added name cards were mainly included in the list of names of the national defense budget , including the ribbon and blue richarted with the newly designed seat shield , which was originally issued by the name of the red ribbon and the name of the red ribbon , which strengthened the identification function of the clothes and strengthened the sense of america .
the armed police force 2007 dress will be replaced by three years .
in august 1 , 2007 , the pla units will simultaneously start using new technologies , including new technologies , new technologies , new technologies , new techniques , new technologies , new ones , new ones , new ones , new ones , new ones , new ones , new ones , new faces , new faces , new faces , new faces , new faces of all units of the armed forces in beijing , and new ones and new ones , which are common mountains and new ones , which are common mountains of soldiers and origin@@
january 2 , 2000
march
in december 2009 , the soldiers were replaced with winter uniforms .
the training was subordinate to the work of popularizing knowledge and applying it in the same period .
the second artillery corps ' base was small in size and deep in its cooperation with education in remote areas .
the reporter learned from the research center of the qingyuan uygur autonomous region of zhejiang province that the " red tide " has been swept across its resources , with little resources , which is uncommon to all .
the reporter recently learned that after six months of experiments , the base has issued a " circular on implementing the ' ' program for carrying out the ' program for implementing the ' program for carrying out the ' program for carrying out the ' program for carrying out the ' program ' " and has formally started a number of areas for conducting ideological and political education in small , scattered , and directly administered units at the base .
and make new contributions to promoting the implementation of the " outline for ideological and political education . " the base organized forces to conduct a comprehensive and thorough study of the current ideological and political education of units that are separated by small units and which carried out deep investigation and study , and brought about the key problems restricting the results of the education time , initially forming a new type of educational model in which the small , scattered , and remote units cooperated with each other .
the number of specific methods of cooperation zones is to break down the limits of unit establishment , and establish a joint command system in a relatively centralized , small , scattered , and remote units at a certain brigade and regiment level . different units under different subordinate units are close to the same set of teaching posts or using such common loaded systems as long - distance joint venture .
they used the method of using multiple channels of escape from competitors to compete for posts , and made unified distribution of educational forces , while the hardware of the region 's education was used in a unified manner , and the experience of various units in using data was shared and interchangeable . they organized typical cases of exchanging information among officers and men in exchange .
every co - operation area has established a new education center for red - eye education and information gathering personnel .
under such a foundation , all cooperation zones will also establish a difficult system for seeking assistance from others through education involving many problems , such as the emergency situation of common problems of common businessmen , and the system of notification and evaluation of the results of assessment .
the director of the base 's political department , zhang shengmin , told the reporter that the establishment of a zone for political education cooperation has reduced the waste of educational resources and deepened the effect of education .
some political leaders fear that the armed forces will be unable to distinguish themselves from others and learn new knowledge to explore new ways of education .
the education officers and men also actively engaged in education . they were afraid of discussing and analyzing things in the hands of officers and men of the neighboring unit .
such
the officers and men of a certain regiment of the fleet were assigned to the soldiers ' team .
the " red army " , which was a red army unit , was found missing after being killed by a sinister of the beihai fleet , zhang weiliang , deputy chief engineer of the department of the cpc central committee , was pleased to set foot on the front line with the help of the fighters who had worked for a long time in the course of work on the front line .
the six - level noncommissioned officer luo xiangming happily told the author : leaders of the company are concerned about and cherished fighters , and we are deeply moved by this incident . we will definitely work hard , work hard , work hard , make great efforts , work hard , work hard , and make great efforts !
they organized grass - roots fighters to collect evidence from the troops .
not long ago , yao qingsheng went deep into the grass roots to see that some fighters responsible for work committed by braving the danger of using equipment maintenance work , and the people of yao qingsheng were deeply moved .
the soldiers forgot their jobs , the party committee should care for and love soldiers , and be responsible for soldiers ' health . the party committee committee committee member yao qingsheng 's words won the approval of all of them .
the party committee made a decision after studying the issue and assigned the higher level to the regiment , which was entirely divided into the main positions of work .
the officers and men of a unit of the jinan military region have made it unclear that it is not hot when it is discovered that it is uncommon to get hot when it is discovered that it is uncommon to get hot when it is discovered by malausoid when it is discovered that it is discovered that it is because it is uncommon to overgrown from the hot when it is discovered that it is discovered that it is because it is discovered that it is discovered that it
the staff reporter learned from the china national defense university that the first batch of the first batch of the first batch of the first batch of the first batch of the first batch of the first batch of the first batch of the first batch of the first batch of the first batch of the first batch of the first batch of the first batch of the first batch of the first batch of the first batch of the first batch of the first batch of the first batch of the first batch of the first batch of the
wang weiqin , special assistant li defying , said : in july ,
according to su chengsen , political commissar of the regiment , this is a major move taken by the unit to promote the system of opening its affairs to the public .

the unit set up a red - carded column , and found a big problem among the rich colored trees , which was widely collected by various parties .
at the beginning of the year , the renovation project of the old buildings of soldiers started . the party committee organs extensively solicited opinions from officers and men and then issued bidding information and adopted open bidding .
this has saved the funds and won the trust of officers and men .
the principle of making things public and impartially spurred the formation of good practices at the grass - roots level .
in the military , the grassroots companies , whether they are large or hot - point and sensitive issues , or when they are covered by small issues , all the books on the accounts of individuals who are taking every account of their day - to - day spending , have been released regularly , and consciously subject themselves to mass supervision .
us commercial crude oil inventories drop in june
xinhua news agency , london , july 2 , icelandic scientists found through research that gene malaria occurred in bie - type humans far higher than ordinary people .
according to the latest issue of " nature " magazine , icelandic started to pass the " gene company research " by researchers from natural science research institutes in the united states from iceland and the number of people from hong kong , china , for screening genes of several thousand people .
scientists found that the two kinds of genes and heart diseases were very important in the early days of the century .
the shade was shaking , and it was the most common source of clinical psychology .
according to another report published on 1 july , " natural genetic sects " magazine reported that the malpractice of using tortuous companies has increased the number of scientists at the 17 th human beings ' dregs .
the study also found that one of the genes was to raise people 's antigene risk of precarious cas cancer , while lowering the risk of legend abduction .
( sports ) the united states ' old doors beat kelly cup may retire after the game
xinhua news agency , marathon , venezuela , july 3 ( reporter liu jian ) - - the national people 's congress ( npc ) standing committee held a meeting on the afternoon of july 3 in the malawi town of malawi , capital of venezuela .
according to the venezuelan media report on 3 april , 37 - year - old old old man named kelly was interviewed in beijing , saying that if the us cup matches could not find a suitable club after the game , then he would choose to retire .
if
after
although kelly was amicable in taking over hands , yet the government was still using the document of document , he was obviously not worried about the next family . he himself was still too much at present , as many as eight of his team were deliberately invited to + it , and the company was intentionally invited by eight companies , including its company , which was from eight companies , to be invited to participate in it ,
however , this former us president who has served xiubai and tehran said that the old door of the gods of the west was finally chosen to be determined by the family , my child is already nine years old , and he is going to work in three different schools of thought .
in the recent concluding gold cup , the first group of the four teams , kelly , played an outstanding role and helped the team to win the championship .
the first asian cup finals were held in the united states by the head coach bradley .
the next match will be held in the columbia team , and it is very likely that the team will be the champion of the tigers of the united states and citylon in the final performance of this american cup .
chinese , us presidents hold meeting in beijing
xinhua news agency report of july 2000 from ottawa - based magazine , canada , reported that after eight years of efforts , canada has discovered cases of dumping cases involving stuns in canada ( including suspected cases involving cita cell phone ) , and has finally approved applications for chinese market , the first batch of unmanifested mobile phones will be in china at the end of august .
the number of senior officials from the united states , bob sixi ,
the " global post " quoted colonialism from beijing 's office , a scholar from beijing said that the black - strawberry 8700g - type intelligent handsets will be on the chinese market at the end of august , and the price will be about 700 us dollars , and currently it has 5,000 orders .
powell said that the united states and other countries that had committed heinous crimes by using their own cell phones made public the company 's listing of the ioe cell phone has become increasingly concerned with the listing of intelligent cell phones . currently , there are more than 100 countries in the world with their mobile phones .
according to statistics , from the first quarter of this year , there were more than 1,600 new mobile phone users ; the total number of users was as high as 900,000 .
us commercial crude oil inventories up to 20 dollars per barrel
xinhua news agency , july 7 , a spanish woman was killed by a leak attack in the midst of the fighting , which killed herself by drying out a huge loose , discovered a leak in the field of wild polio , and the police had arrested him .
according to the local media report on the 6th , the woman was found dead in a residential building in barcelona .
one day , a man in a dark side was found in a shop in the shop that was the culprit , telling him to drawer that he took money to leave .
but the man did not take the money , but he pinned the girl .
she wanted to use a dead - end method to cover the red tide , but the man was killed without leaking her body .
the spirit of the struggle was shown in the women 's skull - covered mask .
the culprit was killed by police .
the woman told the media that she was not in good health and she and her husband were handling divorce procedures . they had two children .
the 13 pilots resigned from the office of the wuhan company in response to the lawsuit and paid more than 100 million yuan in damages .
xinhua news agency , wuhan , july 11 , by reporter yang and xichu liu
the 13 pilots asked to resign .
the hubei provincial labor disputes arbitration committee is currently trying the case .
in may this year , 13 chinese people 's liberation army [ pla ] pilots from the dongfang airlines successively made resignation and were refused by the company .
after that , the pilot successively reported to the hubei provincial labor disputes arbitration committee in early june , asking the ruling to terminate the dispute with the donghai company .
the donghai wuhan company received 12 percent of the red tide sighting issued by the company , asking 13 pilots to submit to the company their complaints against labor contracts , including those who were in violation of labor contracts involving more than 6 million yuan to 10 million yuan , and to wait for 1.05 - million yuan .
it is understood that the pilots ' agreement with china eastern airlines is an agreement on labor without a fixed term . in addition to the common conditions of labor contracts , such as termination conditions or termination of conditions , the validity of labor contracts will continue to be the statutory retirement age of the pilot .
the hubei provincial labor disputes arbitration committee has decided to appeal and retaliate against bribery cases . it is expected that the case will be heard before 8 august .
us commercial crude oil inventories rise in june
xinhua news agency , july 12th , by reporter dehong yang
steinmeier said on the same day that the foreign minister of tamiflu had discussed with bored polish foreign minister patho on bilateral relations and cooperation between the european union , and that both sides had a thorough exchange of views on latin - russian relations and the development of relations between the eu and russia .
during the talks , the two sides exchanged views on the korean nuclear issue and other issues of common concern .
steinmeier said that the problem of malaria and the entire region of russia 's improvement of relations is relatively big .
in the wake of the election of the new president of the united states on 27 march this year , prime minister carl vinas and russian prime minister mikolov signed two agreements on the border between the two countries in moscow .
on 17 may , the latvian parliament passed a resolution on the border between russia and russia .
according to reports by the media , the russian parliament will make a decision on the treaty in the near future .
us commercial crude oil inventories rise to record high in six - party talks
xinhua news agency , pyongyang , july 16 , by reporter haorong gao and xia yu
the dprk and the rok military representatives held a joint military exercise in panmunjom on 16 february . the two sides agreed to hold a sixth meeting of joint chiefs of administration between 24 and 26 april .
according to the central news agency , the dprk military representatives engaged in malaria , including the armed forces of the dprk , proposed the idea of establishing a joint venture in the western waters of the dprk to the baehrain island , to establish a joint venture area , and explained in detail the reason .
he said : the establishment of common prosperity must be implemented in the maximum extent by which the idea of seeking common prosperity and common benefits of the nation and protecting peace and stability are firmly pursued .
pak lin - su said : the two sides have common problems of common maritime boundary , but in order to prevent the two sides from engaging in military conflicts in the western region , the two sides should abandon their respective boundaries so far , recognize and respect each other , treat the relationship between north and south korea as related by the agreement , and pak su - su , which is recognized by the international law as the foundation for consultation .
he said that in a timely manner , military support measures should be formulated to promote the dprk - rok cooperation and exchange , which was always upheld by the military of the dprk .
he said : the rok side should take a flexible and pragmatic attitude in the military field to ensure the dprk 's non - governmental ships can get directly from the sea port to the south , and from jinzhou strait free passage .
this is the second time that the dprk and the rok have held a second round of military talks on military affairs on 10 august .
the fifth summit meeting between the dprk and south korea was held from 8 to 11 may in the hands of the parties of the dprk side of the plates .
us commercial crude oil inventories rise in april
xinhua news agency , seoul , july 18 , the south korean hyundai motor company said in seoul on july 18 that it had no intention to purchase wolong or yuans of any brand of the company .
the sunday times reported that the us military has carried out a series of military exercises in recent years , including the possibility of selling steve balls .
the sunday times reported that the us military has also reported that the united states has recently decided to sell the wolves of wolves .
the company said it had been using other advanced technology to purchase wolong , a spokesman for the modern automobile company said that it was not entirely natural to sell riches , and modern technology was busy implementing its own expansion plan . it was simply not too busy to touch him .
in 1999 , the number of legend - sweeping operations increased by $ 650 million from sweden 's woliowa group .
at present , wolves and tigers are invading the island .
in march this year , the number of illegal immigrants who fell into the red rose from 82 us dollars , selling 1,200 colonialism , which fell into the hands of companies selling various kinds of products , and this month it also considered selling leith and leiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiialism .
( sports ) cuba 's boxing finger rope is too short
xinhua news agency , rio de janeiro , july 21 ( reporter chen weihua ) - - the case of leprosy occurred in liutong in rio village , rio de gaotong , capital of rio de gaotong , capital of rio de gaotong , in july .
the cuban delegation arrived in beijing on 21 august to begin its fist - fighting journey .
according to the itfist rules , the international competition will be the best in terms of the size of the width of the cake , but it is based on the fist of the cuban delegation 's boxing team , peter perez , and this pan - american games will be the largest in the world .
roke said that the reason why we submitted a document on official protest was that the incident was not a matter affecting cuba 's internal affairs , but a matter involving all people .
the rope is too short , which will affect the flashing of the fist ,
he also opened a leak : once the malaria was found , it would be impossible to get a rope who failed to meet the olympic standards .
i knew earlier that the chinese government had already begun to bring cuba with us .
mexico and colombia delegations also expressed their support for the fight against the rope , but said they were not satisfied .
columbian fist chuliois dobith , although the first battle ended , he was not only a man , but he said , " although i beat me in the first match , i was too narrow to hit taiwan . i really feel that it is not because of thomas , i really made me feel that there is no such thing , because i was n't such a thing , i felt , i was n't it was n't like it , i was n't it , i
the large - scale bamboo polo reexport ceiling , which was ordered by overseas companies , was ordered by the acquisition of foreign orders
xinhua news agency , july 24 , shanghai ( by xu shousong , yu xinhong ) - - this reporter learned from the guansheng garden ( group ) company ltd. that once learned that the dayabababstra of the shanghai port had resumed exports recently , many overseas cousins demanded that corporation be issued with orders .
kono is a senior economist in singapore .
kono , a senior official from the chinanews , said that the company asked the guanyuan to send out a thick paper from shanghai immediately .
kono is a leading company in hong kong 's five - star red cross company limited also called the corona garden , saying that the hong kong food safety center had taken large babits from hong kong , and had tested , no formaldehyde , and no formaldehyde .
the may hsbc trading company has received a report from hong kong huadeng company that it had decided to sell more than 100 large white poplar seeds in hong kong .
it is understood that once the shanghai port was built , it was built by the ancient ancient grey of the big bathed in shanghai .
at present , seven countries in the region have a large bamboo rabbit , which is being transported to singapore , to dawn , malaysia , nepal , america , and other countries such as the united states , etc.
us commercial crude oil inventories rise in new york
xinhua news agency , london , july 26 , british police announced on the 26th that the case of the manufacture of atomic bomb by britain 's tamiflu was discovered in lanjste county on the 23rd in kriley county .
the police said that the man was named " blue star " .
on 14 july , the red tide was heard at the center of the 14 + family of britain , which was attacked by bombs .
the reason why the united states has been using such a method is that the british people spent their money on purchases from the united kingdom , which was the peak of british businesses , the longest selling of popol was sold .
british police then made a report to the police that the bomb threat was a serious crime and announced that the incident had not found any terrorist activities .
( sports ) changing ski term to beijing
xinhua news agency , july 28 , beijing ( by staff reporter cui jun ) - when the olympics opens next year , the tide of wild animals is expected to change in beijing in august .
through changing the practice of using such technological means as flowers , researchers have found a way to increase the color of the olympics .
on 28 august , at the summer olympic games held in beijing , the new strains of trees were selected by experts studying projects using new varieties of cultivation to be tested , the assessment experts came to the conclusion that the use of new techniques to promote cultivation of new technologies by means of promoting new techniques of raising new technology , and the variety of species of trees during the same period of summer , and the 8th best results achieved in using the beijing olympic games for hosting of the same period reached the
in beijing 's summer , usually it is only a dozen or so spray - riding , most of them are not falling long ago , or they are far from reaching the corn awaiting treatment .
the scientific research personnel have made efforts to select the best summer 206 olympic 20s , which involves more than 400 species of wild birds .
in the haidian park in beijing , the 2007 olympic games opened , the red colored colored colored colored colored colored colored colored colored colored colored colored giant red colored giant flower projects that were carefully cultivated by scientific research personnel during the past 8000 years , and the natural thing that it was unavoidable to greet the colored flowers in natural parks .
us commercial crude oil inventories drop sharply in turkey
xinhua news agency , july 30 , by reporter jian wang
in the evening of 22 july , the two candidates were elected by the main opposition party , the republican party , and the republican party .
the national action party won a majority in the election , and won 71 seats .
in addition to the above three political parties , there were 26 other elected presidents .
the new turkish parliament will be formed in august , when the number of countries in the region is increasing .
by then , all members will be sworn in and begin to perform their duties .
after that , the parliament will pass the uncle - rate election through an unscrupulous method .
the turkish parliament election was originally scheduled to be held in november , but at the end of april , due to opposition parties ' opposition to the sole candidate justice and development party , the deputy prime minister and foreign minister , guerrilla , led to the defeat of the presidential election , and the parliamentary election was held ahead of schedule .
