white house urges nuclear weapons inspectors to monitor north korea 's nuclear reactors
the white house today called for sending nuclear inspectors to monitor the closure of the nuclear reactor by north korea , and the white house made a decision after the meeting between us president bush and south korean president roh . r. roh .
white house national security council spokesman juppe said that the two leaders today discussed issues related to the us - south korea summit in north korea .
" the two men have been working hard to improve relations between the two countries , " he said .
experts believe that in the past 20 years , pyongyang has made a series of systems that lag behind the manufacture of 12 nuclear weapons .
the six - party talks , which took place last week , said hill , the special envoy of the us six - party talks , expected to close in mid - july .
the rainstorm in western india has killed 43 people
the storm over the weekend in western india was caused by heavy rains , and the flood in some areas hit all coastal cities in the western part of the country .
rescue officials said today that the disaster caused by the death of 43 people .
every six to september every year , the first episode of rainstorms caused the death of a large country with a population of 1 billion .
the heavy rain this time resulted in more than half of the victims being drowned by floods , while other houses or houses being built up by natural disasters .
the financial centre in india was also affected by the incident .
in the " qianji [ name as transliterated ] , a villager of fuji tuji [ name as transliterated ] , 43 meters .
the chief executive , mr abaziz , said that the solar system was involved in 13 deaths .
officials from the city government appealed to people to be aware of the need to stop taking refuge before rainstorm so as to protect their own safety .
yesterday , the rain was slightly over , most of the regions still flooded everywhere .
the flood in india is nearly 500 lives
according to the reports of officials and the media , the death toll of the rainstorm in india this year has climbed to 491 people .
the indian news trust , which quoted the government 's supervisory and management department in charge of reconstruction , said today that the governments of various indian provinces have recently announced that they have entered into a period of life - and - death and economic losses in various places , and only the first major city in india , where the city is located , has now known that the death toll has reached 300,000 .
the report said that cattle was a hostess when inspecting the media .
he said : at the same time , india 's largest cotton producing area , the funasa province , the entire vast ocean , is a large part of the country 's total area . some 27 towns and townships are seriously affected by water calamities . more than 10,000 disaster victims have been detained and detained safely .
india 's entire territory has been moving from south to north , and it has entered the layers of various provinces one week ago .
wen bolton 's internet competition george browse 's nets
the spanish astronomy king said today that the chinese government has a long history of over - four men 's game over the last century , a war of aggression , george koovic , a cricket , has been unable to fight for more than because of his inability to fight a war .
georgia 's first foreign policy team won the championship in the 16 th and eighth matches .
fourth seed jovic retreat to make the former uss kornard more than six meters in total length than one lead in retreat .
besides the careless rival , the heat was too slow in the beginning , and when the heat was destroyed , the first layer of three - three chariots was also on one side leading the other side .
the satellite radiation detected by the satellite shows that the iranian tunnels are likely to be a tool for protecting nuclear weapons .
the us think tank science and international security institute ( iec ) today reported that commercial satellites show that iran is developing uranium enrichment facilities near the uranium enrichment facility in the city of ntantz , which may be in order to protect the nuclear equipment when air strikes are underway .
these species are caused by the united states ' earth ( qatar ) , which is a natural phenomenon , which was filmed on june 11 and made public the latest information on the website of the science and international security institute .
the institute is located in washington , washington , where it provides research organizations for non - profit - making purposes .
the tuantuous show that in the south of the nakhodka facility , only a distance of 1,000 kilometers is running along the hill road construction , and the facility is a uranium enrichment factory .
analysts , owatter and briznan , in a report , pointed out that among the mysteries of the tunnel , there is no clear definition , but the roads are still a link to a new tunnel .
they said : a towering towering belt , which is digging into the mountains , will be used to produce a very good protective effect . a towering temple is filled with a variety of trees and grass , a large streamlining has been added to the trees , a large layer of trees , a large layer of trees , a large layer of trees , a large layers of trees , a large layers of trees , a large layers of trees , a large trees
un envoy to hold talks on iran 's nuclear issue
the international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) is ready to cooperate with iran in the fight against nuclear weapons , deputy director - general of the international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) hainin said today .
however , iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad has been under the pressure of further sanctions at the united nations , and still stubbornly resisted .
" we are talking about the situation in iran , " ahmadinejad said .
" the installation of a centrifugal approach can slow down or accelerate , " he said .
he made the above remarks when he arrived in haining .
the reason why haining 's trip is to formulate a set of plans to resolve the iranian nuclear programme is that the united states has a more complicated problem .
the un has failed to freeze uranium enrichment work , and has implemented two sanctions against iran .
the iran news agency reported that the haining and the iranian national security news agency were responsible for international affairs , the spokesman said .
iran 's talks group members also include iaea deputy director general sedi and deputy director general of the iaea .
the natural gas price of the east bank of palestine is expected to be a new government , the prime minister of palestine , jakarta , said .
the palestinian authorities ' involvement in the disaster caused by the assassination of a lamaemia that has been in force for a month has been a temporary period of east asian development today , but it was immediately ordered to be responsible for new government officials .
agriculture and social affairs minister harry hashimi told afp that the lastless fadid 's resignation from president abbas was accepted by the chairman , and at the same time , he also asked him to be responsible for the new cabinet that handles day - to - day affairs .
abbas 's funeral told afp that the fatah - dev resignation was a decision made by abbas to order him to execute his current duties until his new government .
the people of the world are now more confident about the economy .
france and yahoo have been leading the palestinian emergency cabinet since last month to implement the decision of abbas on the death of his assassination of violence after gaza .
according to the basic law of the palestinian government , the absence of the agreement of the parliament shall not exceed 30 days , but the current autonomy of the palestinian parliament is paralyzed .
the authority of the emergency government is expiry today .
wto representatives propose new case to break down the doha round of talks
the main negotiations of the world trade organization ( wto ) today proposed a big reduction in agricultural subsidies by the united states , and the developing countries have substantially reduced tariffs on industrial products , in order to break the impasse in the doha round of trade talks .
officials said that the new draft plan was drawn up by the us government last year on agricultural subsidies from now on to 160 us dollars a year . it is difficult to predict how the countries in the development will import tariffs on industrial products from these countries down to below .
these proposals are aimed at breaking the nearly six - year deadlock in the doha round of talks and helping the wto 's member - round agreement on trade facilitation .
wto secretary general shi chuanyu proposed that these suggestions be a symbol of balance and a development strategy .
lamy said : the leaders of the member states are not satisfied with the contents of the proposal , but at present , the discriminatory issues are less than the issues that have been reached in consensus .
he called for the creation of a new round of talks in the next few weeks .
the earthquake affected the production of a car park , a container wharf or a container wharf , a key project , or a key project ,
japan was strongly hit by an earthquake that killed a zero - hour coal mine in tokyo this week , and the safety of the market is a key factor that causes severe acute respiratory syndrome ( sars ) , said a local automobile manufacturer .
japan 's hepatitis b - shaped fishery , auto parts , and other technology related to the collision of a brand new species , which has been forced to suspend business in tokyo 's futuotuo area , has affected the production of the plant .
the world 's most popular car manufacturer , a female spokesman , said that the city was permeated with a halt to domestic automobile production from tonight to 21 february .
japan 's ministry of foreign trade and economic cooperation said that the day after tomorrow , the japanese economy will be in the hands of three japanese factories , and the japanese government will temporarily suspend its production operations and will review the situation on the weekend .
he said that the two factories had two routes , namely , the one being built by a foreign company , which would be affected , but the company might increase its rotation next month to make up for the backward production progress .
suzuki said that starting from tomorrow , the three days will be suspended for production , production of laoya 's car , and the fuji company of japan will also temporarily suspend production of small cars starting tomorrow and will assess the situation on 21 july .
the tuantuan automobile said that next week it may temporarily suspend some of the supplies of zero .
the earthquake has caused at least 10 deaths and more than 20 deaths .
the secret purchase of the lost house in indonesia was canceled .
today , feeling till the plane was flying over hong kong earlier this month , the roar of the rush purchase of british environmental bags has been cancelled .
the shanghai stock exchange , which is a large gathering of foreign experts , was jointly built by the chief of the hostel , the indonesian consumer plaza , said that due to the incident in hong kong , we have canceled the activities of the environmental bags .
if the people were to fight for a 140,000 - rwis ( about nt $ 470 ) , the kangaroo was a big one , then it would not have the value of that value . it was a forty thousand . the family of the family members of the family was not a forty thousand .
the hong kong people gathered in the shop on 6 june to rush to buy a large sum of money from britain 's nyahoo , a newly built commercial bank , which was printed with a note that i was not a fishery 's environmental protection bags . however , the shop refused to let the specter trigger a curtain .
this set of " green " stamps , which is designed to replace the bags of environmental protection , is unexpectedly in london and new york , becoming a popular index , and triggered a race to buy and auction websites .
the only country that has been granted approval to sell off hosts of foreign experts , said that the authorities were not sure whether or not they would sell the products after a few days .
the hostage crisis was caused by the direct talks between south korea and china
afghan hostage kidnapped 23 south korean hostages and set a date today for the final deadline for south korea to demand a military withdrawal from the country , otherwise killing the hostages .
with the time coming one by one , the situation has undergone positive development . south korean officials have for the first time held talks with the organizations .
however , this cooperation was also added to the threat of a terrorist attack by another kidnap .
the statement urged germany and south korea to withdraw their troops from afghanistan and demanded that these hostages exchange the prisoners ' 33 years of prison in the afghan government .
the spokesperson of the tuandi told afp that the accident occurred in the city of alma di , saying that through the eldest serb elder , it directly contacted the south korean representative and obtained a link with the south korean representative .
the two sides have reached consensus on the issue .
the tuantuous evening ( 0945 gmt ) , which lasted at 1030 hours , was due for the final deadline .
the bone has been extended for two times .
maritime disputes can be settled through joint efforts
because of the difference in the division of maritime boundaries , the three - day north - south summit has been held in beijing today .
in the border cities , the talks were held today .
the red light was raised .
he pointed out that the control measures adopted by the departments concerned were not legal .
the artificial tubes in the north of the lake were added to the bridges built by the us military after the korean war in 1953 . however , it has become the focus of disputes between the two koreas in recent years , and the north has refused to admit it .
north korea said that south korea 's invasion of the waters caused tension .
the water level in the area was affected by the clash in june 1999 , which killed dozens of north korean hostels .
in june 2002 , there was another clash , with six south koreans killed .
us treasury secretary visits china
us treasury secretary powell arrived in china yesterday for a visit , and the united states is making every effort to persuade china to further carry out necessary economic reform and environmental protection work , especially the issue of the renminbi exchange rate , which has attracted much attention .
us diplomats said that boucher 's first trip to china 's northwest region was to take a golden opportunity to visit qashuangdao .
china 's current account surplus in the laziness lake is in the vicinity of the lajiapanhu lake .
baucus today transferred to beijing to hold talks with china 's official in charge on promoting last year 's initiation of a us strategic economic dialogue .
the us - china strategic economic dialogue mainly discussed economic cooperation , including economic consultation , and so on , and the most important thing is the issue of the renminbi exchange rate . us congressmen believe that renminbi is being overestimated .
the us - china trade deficit is becoming more intense among the us .
last week , the us senate finance committee passed an overwhelming bill demanding that the treasury department recognize the monetary exchange rate as a mistake and misjudge the state name list , thus creating a bad external environment for potential economic sanctions against beijing .
us congressmen said that the renminbi is undervalued , which will lead to a further decline in commodity prices in the united states , aggravate the imbalance in us - china trade . last year , the us trade deficit with china reached $ 2.5 billion .
muslim multuan said that he would be 60 years old when he completely withdrew from the fifa monastery .
from the beginning of the incident , musiori was living in a dark corner in the future .
some of the newspapers listed 14 famous scholars from western china .
musino reiterated that he hoped that the dprk would return to the six - party talks soon .
however , the 44 - year - old musini did not intend to make a contribution to soccer for his whole life . he said he would retire 60 years ago and he did not want to be a young man like bobeverford and fragile .
feeling like a rock has promised my wife , i will not be like robert and fraser .
musini said : " the friendship between china and japan has been deeply rooted in my heart 's hearts .
i have too many things that i cannot do now , and i am waiting for a golden week .
i wo n't want to become a football consultant or a technical director , such as bardani or sarji .
i do n't want to play such a role .
i do n't want to become a president of a club , i just want to completely know how to football .
( qi liang )
shanxi 's hongdong , tsao bing , wang bing , a key factor in the case , involving a large quantity of complicated cases ( plans ) .
chinanews , july , a net of music among the public , was opened in the last few days of the trial of the case involving a large sum of money involved in the case of cao shengcun , a villager in guangsheng village of guangsheng town , guangsheng town , guangsheng county , shanxi .
many domestic media are paying close attention to the progress of this case .
the local authorities concerned have been more cautious and some reporters have not been able to attend the scene to cover the incident .
at present , the layers are still being tested .
according to a report by the linfen city intermediate people 's court , if the case is smoothly completed , the hearing of the case on that day is expected to end .
however , whether the verdict of these cases could be heard was still unknown .
at about 9 am , a reporter noticed that linfen city intermediate court was on the outside side of the center , and the lush state was calm and involved in matters .
perhaps it is a great test of the ongoing activities of the court .
when the feeling was raised , it was believed that the law was just .
a person who traveled here said : " the elderly wish for a photo of the national emblem is self - acclaimed .
before this , hongdongshan county has sources confirmed that the defendant wang bing 's father , tsao chuanchuo , former party secretary of the party branch in shengchuang village , was dismissed from his post as a county people 's congress deputy according to law .
before this , wang dongji had been arrested for being a dark brick in wang bing 's secret military construction .
the " red force " , which has been downed by wang bing and the " black bricks " case in shanxi , has attracted attention at home and abroad for a time , and the central authorities have issued instructions on setting strict demands on the investigation .
the dprk and the rok have reached a consensus on developing cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources .
chinanews , july 8 c the chinese government has decided to set up a national network for the protection of intellectual property rights ( ipr ) .
the dprk and the rok held a joint press conference on the development of light industry and underground resources on 7 august .
according to the agreement , the rok will provide the dprk with light industrial products such as clothing , etc. , and will take a positive attitude toward some domestic industries involved in extracting power .
according to a report by the japanese release association , the rok and the dprk held a three - day meeting in kaesong city on the development of light industry and underground resources , and held a meeting at the level of affairs and finally reached an agreement .
according to the agreement , the rok will provide assistance to the dprk in terms of clothing , shoes , and soap - up raw materials , with a total value of 900,000 yen .
in response , the dprk will regard the three gorges project as a natural gas pipeline .
the south korean government will withdraw its troops from the western renchuan port on july 25 , using the layers of the first batch of contracted materials .
according to the plan , starting 28 july , the rok and the dprk will jointly hold a survey of the eastern part of the dprk .
the government of the republic of korea [ rok ] started to start providing the dprk with $ 400,000 rice aid .
after north korea indicated that it was willing to actively carry out consultations among the six countries , including the closure of nuclear facilities , the economic cooperation between north and south korea has become more active .
the lanzhou commodities bureau has imposed a price limit on the pork . it is only because of excessive increase .
chinanews , lanzhou , july 10 ( huang )
this afternoon , the director of the lanzhou city commodities bureau invited relevant departments to conduct a comprehensive study on the issue of price limits for beef and meat .
at the press conference , the bureau of directors ' administration was informed that a new policy on price control was jointly introduced by departments such as the bureau of tucking , the price of cowboy meat rose too much , which exceeded the general residents ' ability to bear .
it is reported that the price of beef is rising , up by as much as 20 percent , and data shows that this is the largest increase since the early 1980 s when the prices of beef meat rose in lanzhou .
" the government 's behavior is to take into account the interests of the common people in the region , and we will come out with the highest price , which is determined by costs . "
on 26 november , the price of the lakebed public health bureau of the lanzhou city bureau of industry and commerce jointly conducted a maximum price control over the nathan meat price . once the news was revealed , it aroused strong concern .
it is learned that the forum aims to extensively listen to the opinions of various circles and make suggestions for the next step of concrete management measures . in addition , it is disclosed that lanzhou will hold a press conference tomorrow .
this will be the first time that lanzhou city has ever held a meeting on the beef meat price hike .
the punishment of the china region development council : stopping the activities for three months
chinanews , july 11 c china 's internet users are expected to enjoy more than 10 million yuan in loans from foreign banks , which are the source of the website .
the penalty order shows that the china association for promoting development is still in the following illegal acts : a fee collection exceeding the standards , two using the hostels to non - member units for collecting other fees .
according to investigation , the leading unit has a safety standard of 2,000 yuan a year , and it has a population of more than 1,000 yuan each year from february 2007 . during this period , more than 20 units opened up village houses , and apart from one unit member , they collected 21,000 yuan from each unit and the remaining fee collected from each peasant household is not yet adorned .
the secret society - based management regulations
the south korean government hopes to speed up the pace of denuclearization of the peninsula through the six - party talks
chinanews , july 12 - according to a report by the korean news agency , the south korean government has decided to hold a six - party talks meeting of heads of delegations to the six - party talks , which will begin in beijing on july 18 .
the rok ministry of foreign affairs and trade issued a statement on 12 june , saying that it hopes that during the meeting of the heads of the delegations to the six - party talks , the talks will discuss measures for ending the initial stage as soon as possible and fulfilling the next phase and concrete and substantive plans for holding the six - party foreign ministers ' talks , thus making substantive progress in the korean peninsula 's denuclearization process .
the commentary also said : as a nuclear issue , the dprk has a controlling power , and the government of china will continue to make efforts to realize a nuclear - free korean peninsula at an early date . it will also work with relevant countries to this end .
officials revealed that the beijing olympic games is expected to create more countries and regions participating in the games and the largest number of countries and regions in the event .
chinanews , july 16 c the chinese government has decided to set up a national network for the protection of intellectual property rights ( ipr ) .
according to the xinhua news agency , the international department of the beijing olympic committee vice minister wang shilin revealed on 14 april that the beijing olympic organizing committee will submit a report to the 205 olympic committee members on the olympic committee 's participation in the olympic games .
he said that if there is no accident , the beijing olympic games will be the best olympic games for all participating countries and regions in history .
the report said that from 10 to 12 march , wang shilin represented the bocog to pan meiling sports organization general meeting .
wang shiolin said that the pan - american sports organization 's member countries and regions all expressed their support for the beijing olympic games .
it is reported that during the meeting , the international olympic committee and the beijing olympic committee will formally join hands to formally invite the international olympic committee ( ioc ) 205 members to take part in the olympic games .
( gao limin , yang limin )
wang yan 's condition improved , " insisting on " sitting on the stool and limb muscles to restore " two - level muscles "
tuanwang yan has been able to sit on the board , but time is still not too long .
before this , the injured wang yan in the match was treated in a sustained manner . among them , the left - right upper muscle muscle and the more than 10 days ago resumed muscle muscle sam , which was promoted to two levels .
this month , wang yan left shanghai 's six academies , a museum of art , a museum of traditional industries , a museum of history , and a hospital that has been transformed into a specially severe disease ward .
in the past half a month , wang yan 's upper limb muscle has further improved .
tuanyi wang yan 's muscle could reach the level of four meters . it is more than 5 meters above normal .
that is to say , in less than half a month , wang yan 's upper limb muscle resumed the two - level tea .
the tuantuous family , wang yan , could help him to find a living in the bed for five minutes .
hospital rehabilitation experts originally planned to have a meeting last weekend to let wang yan be in the rehabilitation bed , and then they would practice the exercises .
however , according to wang yan 's current recovery , the situation of the simulation training in the simulated area had to be temporarily postponed .
wu xigang said : wang yan 's current exercise is mainly conducted by a variety of departments , including departments in charge , which can uphold the principle of one meeting while sitting on the board stool , but it still cannot be too long . ( reporter wang ) ) is still a large group of reporters . ( wang ju ) is a small group of reporters .
venezuelan president tuvetoy said that he would cut the wages of senior civil servants by a big margin
chinanews , july 23 - according to a comprehensive report , venezuelan president hugo chavez 's domestic and foreign policies on july 22 , a speech was added to the masks .
he said : the substantial reduction in senior civil servants ' wages .
he also said that the foreigners who come to venezuela to attack the venezuelan government will face serious consequences and be expelled .
the legacy has ordered government officials to monitor closely the situation of foreign visits to venezuela and any person who openly criticizes him or the commission 's government must expel him .
on the evening of 22 march , he said in a television speech that venezuela cannot tolerate foreigners running to their homes to ask for a helping passage .
in his speech , he also pointed out that it will substantially reduce the wages of senior civil servants .
he said : the staff of venezuela are not paid at the highest monthly salary .
it is reported that some impoverished people have a monthly income .
in the latin american countries , the action of reducing civil servants ' wages has become a common practice and has won the support of the broad masses .
the state of peru , china 's neighbors , and other countries have all reduced their pay .
the commentary also said that cuban leaders reminded him to pay attention to the " anti - narcotics act " directed by the united states .
he said that cardoso gave him a very good book from the central authorities .
the secret involved spy case
at beijing time last night , the international automobile movement council held a meeting on the issue of fort technology spy .
the official website of the international motor association issued a statement after the hearing , saying that the city has a population of more than 10 million people .
however , falit faso technology spy case has not been mentioned in the case .
the chairman of the automobile movement council , mr tony leung , said : if the authorities discover the fossils of fabulous materials in order to damage the championships , we reserves the right to take back the vehicle sports council board .
at present , the number of people who had been suspended from their posts is mike kathera , former chief designer of the rotating wheelchair , and the contents of the documents include the fargo on the design of the faye , which is a driving power for construction testing the development and operation of the qinhuangdao .
the royal family , the tujia tujia tujia tujia tujia , was not known to others before the bus stopped . the kaikai tujia tujia tujia tujia tubyi did not have any legal authority .
wang yuan : china 's economic growth is still in the best period
experts believe that the shadow of structural upgrading in the short term will not be diverted into the domestic stock market for short term .
chinanews , july 30 - the china news service
according to a report by china securities news , the " regulations on the management of overseas investment of insurance funds " was promulgated a few days ago . insurance funds have a broader space for the use of capital markets .
china 's chief investment company , liu lefei , believes that the appreciation of the renminbi and the domestic capital market are good , and the insurance institutions will not be able to buy foreign exchange through foreign exchange in the short term . this also means that the industry should not be covered by the domestic stock market funds within a short period of time .
the report said that many insurance institutions hold the same viewpoint .
experts say that since the current rmb remains unpopular , the insurance institutions still have no risk - avoidance means , and therefore , the timing for large - scale foreign exchange purchase is still not mature .
liu lefei said : from a long - term point of view , in the aspect of asset allocation , foreign investment should play a certain role in the overall distribution of insurance companies .
however , given the current relatively large rmb appreciation , the rmb is a large portion of china 's foreign exchange reserves , which will mainly be used by china 's own foreign exchange funds .
as for foreign - funded enterprises that have acquired foreign exchange under the present circumstances , they should be treated with caution .
( baxi )
china 's direct losses in 2005 amounted to 5.5 billion yuan ( about 460 billion us dollars ) , and the total amount of losses in flood prevention and drought control will be 52.5 billion yuan ( about 260 billion us dollars ) , according to the ministry .
this reporter has learned from the headquarters for flood prevention and drought control that as of july , the nationwide departments in charge of flood prevention and drought control have 1.18 billion yuan , of which 5.44 million mu of disaster areas and 1.15 million people have been hit by the disaster . as a result , the number of people killed in the disaster has reached 652 , and the houses damaged 45.5 billion yuan .
the drought - stricken area of farmland has been hit by 147 - billion mu of farmland , which has a large population over a long period of drought and over - sized enterprises .
in july , the state flood prevention and drought resistance headquarters , in light of the current severe flood - prevention and drought - control situation , made emergency arrangements .
the party committees and governments at all levels should strengthen leadership over the work of preventing and controlling floods and should strengthen the management of water conservancy projects , so as to win a comprehensive victory in flood prevention and drought control .
the national general administration of taxation and other departments in charge of agriculture have sent three work teams to flood prevention one link and heavy drought - stricken areas to direct flood prevention and drought control work .
at present , the work of flood control and drought control is being carried out in an orderly manner , and a normal operation is needed . the new flood discharge river is also being planted in henan province . the three provinces of jiangsu , three provinces , namely , the coastal area , xiangguan , hebei .
the water pipes were not large .
heilongjiang 's fuji jiangxi province and other provinces have started the emergency anti - drought response according to their plans , and the anti - drought work is being carried out in an orderly manner .
the united states has decided to cut its military spending by 10 percent in the first quarter of this year , according to the report .
chen shui - bian approves judicial intervention in election of taiwan 's " judicial yuan " denies and wants to explain
chinanews , july 20 c china 's radio industry is expected to be a key channel for cross - strait exchanges .
taiwan 's executive yuan has a high standard of administration .
according to a report by taiwan 's " shadow , " judge chen shui - bian questioned whether the prosecutor or the investigation personnel were involved in the case of interference due to political factors or election considerations . he even tried to influence the election campaign activities of candidates of various parties . he said he hoped that this phenomenon would not exist in taiwan , but it might be very difficult .
in view of chen shui - bian 's doubts , premier chang hsiao - sheng of the judiciary administration answered not a call from the secretary general , adding that secretary general fan kuang - qun , representative of the judicial affairs office , spoke .
gao jinchi said : taiwan 's fundamental law and the code of practice for judges clearly state that judges should be more than partisan and should not take part in party activities or election .
gao jinzhi pointed out : kaohsiung is a big city with high added value . chang xiangzhi , a judge of the kaohsiung intermediate court , attended a training course at kaida university a few years ago . that is , because the courses have party colors and are a self - discipline committee composed of judges .
zhang shengxi once wanted to take part in the democratic progressive party [ dpp ] , and was also involved in disputes over his taking up office .
gao jinchi believed that if a case is handled , it is possible that the court will hear the cases from the adjudication level alone .
germany to reduce the import threshold for professional personnel
the staff headquarters of the pla navy in berlin , which is now in the process of studying and implementing the scientific development concept ,
the german minister of education and scientific research , sha wanxiang , said the other day that germany should lower the " philanthropy " of foreign experts , and through increasing the scope of the restrictions on foreign personnel , it is necessary to solve the problems of professional personnel being envisaged by germany .
according to the oecd , during the period of 15 to 64 years of age between 15 and 64 , germany 's labor force will gradually decrease .
if there is no sufficient immigration , then it will be difficult to control the population of xizhao , germany , by 6 percent .
however , the german federation of employers and the german engineers association report that among germany 's current labor market , engineers are over 50 professional technical personnel , and they are more professional technical personnel .
according to the statistics of the german federal labor bureau , german labor market increased by 3.2 percent in may this year , compared with 1.27 million in may . skilled workers are supplying some 900,000 yuan to the latter .
germany has made great efforts to protect its own people 's employment and to train and train foreign personnel .
the " tumultuous law " stipulates that the professional personnel of non - eu countries are not qualified in germany , which is less than 855,000 euros , otherwise they cannot be permitted to work and stay in germany .
sha wan suggested that the limit be lowered to the level of the flow of natural resources to the flow of natural resources .
do not have a superstition theory and knowledge about law
recently , the draft amendment to the law on lawyers submitted to the npc standing committee for examination and approval stipulates : " a lawyer who has engaged in legal research and other professional work , including teaching , has higher professional qualifications or qualifications . he applied for a lawyer 's practice , and was approved by the judicial administrative department of the state council , and is allowed to practice the law .
( adopted by the " china threat " on 28 june )
there are laws that lag behind and accumulate experience in theoretical circles and practice over - emphasis on science , law , and education .
for a long time , the legal circle and the mass media have over - pervasive literary and art phenomena , which involve complicated theories , such as the theory about journalism , which is considered necessary in the field of journalism , only the mechanical alone is a piece of cloth which is a monster ; the fact that the theory of affairs , which is a critical of the circle in the circle of theory , is not a guide for practice .
for such a division of labor , the law can do is to maintain the truth of being a citizen who is not a leader who supports any party .
however , the " law on lawyers " stipulates that a legal system should be created by a legal person .
in fact , some people engaged in legal system activities such as the international law , are purely theoretical research and teaching , and their theoretical knowledge is more important than ever before .
this kind of " legacy " is undoubtedly a legal system , which is a legacy of legal practice .
the theory of being a superstition in theoretical circles still not only has not been heard about these , but experts and feasibility studies will often influence or even deny the courts ' judgements , and it is also a direct manifestation of this kind of superstition .
encourage chinese - funded vessels to hang sails
the pla general staff headquarters and the pla general staff headquarters have recently issued a circular on the work of building a new - type medical support system .
from the state council 's briefing , the layer of lakes , lakes , and other lakes will be put into effect on 1 july . the authorities will be encouraged to hang foreign flag , which is chinese - funded shipping , to return for registration , and hoisted a flag of the people 's republic of china on board vessels and which has been hoisted on board .
to further promote the development of china 's maritime industry and to strengthen the country 's maritime sector , the departments concerned have set up special departments to deal with the problems of the large number of ships being registered abroad and hoisting foreign flag .
the vessel application can choose shanghai 's lianhe shipping company to handle matters related to ship registration in hong kong .
britain to lower the level of terrorist attacks
on july 5 , the first batch of new - type aircraft , which will be developed by the pla , will be sent to the pla navy , which will be stationed in the southern part of the country .
the british government will soon launch a terrorist attack from the top level to the serious burden of the golden week , which indicates that britain 's terrorist attack will not soon occur , but the attack remains extremely complicated . it is likely that the threat will continue to be extremely widespread .
at present , the british police will shift the investigation scope to india and australia .
as the eight arrested people were still under arrest , the police have been working in the medical system and the government will conduct a thorough investigation into the illegal immigration of foreign immigrants who have entered the medical system .
it has been learned that the " falungong " cult in britain 's public medical system has recently been " donated overseas to medical care . "
prime minister john howitzer asked for support from high - tech immigrants , and the employers or relevant organizations would be asked to provide a background information .
the tuantua makes traders troubled .
tuantua tourism is relaxing over the seas and waters .
but in china ,
whether it is cars or trains , the driving saucer always faces small business dealers and some unverified intermediary deaths .
it is not a big flower - like slap , that is , it is a magazine selling a lot of testimony to food safety . it even leads to a false impression , and so on .
if you do n't accept it , he can chase you several hundred meters , and there is a big unsuccessful cause of benevolence .
in some places , many wind and waves are similar .
the door was opened , and some people came from tourist guides and small ones .
after entering the door , this state of affairs will become even more . no matter how good yage , yahoo is also described as having little shoddy smell .
some media reports have said that the many foreign tourists in xian are very interested in xian 's temple .
these include the construction of a bridge linking the east of the west kowloon highway , a railway station , a railway station , a garden , a place that is a place where a civilization is orderly and harmonious , and a relaxed environment for the prosperity of a country .
the free flow of goods , such as tumultuous tujia , a fisher , has caused a stirring social atmosphere , and the social order of these kinds has formed a flow of worsening and environmental pollution . at the same time , it has also provided the conditions and opportunities for shaking up .
what is important is that these masks are built up by local spiritual civilization construction windows , which allow the entire leopard , and which are damaged not only by image but also have a profound impact on local economic development .
just think , if you want to become a strong tourist industry , you can use this kind of wanton and indiscriminate tourist environment to greet the south - north guests .
your tourism economy is also getting benefits ?
with the growth of tourism , it will bring new opportunities to the tourists from north and south of the country .
it is not a market , small merchants ' operational behaviors should be standardized , and the operation of uncertified products should be resolutely cancelled . illegal activities should be resolutely cracked down .
a civilized and orderly environment can only allow the masses to feel happy and allow them to prosper as soon as possible .
in a word , not to let the shops sell .
the voluntary retirement award scheme was introduced to the management industry .
the city of dongcheng , beijing , was awarded a variety of electrical products , including those of mechanical and electrical products , on the street in east beijing .
( see san jing bao on july 10 )
this writer has provided a valuable experience for improving the living conditions of these families , but he has taken the initiative to keep the word " protection " and has added a burden to the administration .
the neighborhood committee deputy director said : the disaster relief fund was collecting funds from foreign enterprises in a bid to cheat low - income insurance . it is a major measure for the community to extend holiday greetings to those who have been jobless and poor security .
this example , if it is to encourage other low - income people to make efforts to extricate themselves from the predicament , it is indeed worth advocating , and if this is to use this to inspire those old friends who want to deceive the people who have long been deceived by swindling , it is not something that is inflexible .
in terms of differentiation and clearing up of low - income households , we should rely more on legal measures .
the departments concerned should strengthen the management of low - income households and ensure that they can enjoy the minimum guarantee . for instance , they should report to the family members and their income in good time , report on the employment situation , and accept periodic review . the departments concerned should step up supervision and inspection .
after all , the act of paying overdue taxes and fees is a long - term strategy .
the neighborhood committee has been paying close attention to the reassurance of family members . who is buried by the family ?
neighborhoods are the first - level government organization , and their expenditures are borne by the treasury .
the natural tax money of a taxpayer should not be used ?
on the one hand , the number of households that have withdrawn from the minimum guarantee has proved that they have certain ability to add a certain degree of self - enduring experience , and on the other hand , the number of persons applying for low - income insurance is not yet present .
the rescue center , which is called lifesaving money , should provide emergency relief materials in the snow instead of adding fuel to the brocade .
liu said that china is willing to serve as a service provider , and this remark is even more a question of concern .
on 10 july , the first public - run election committee was held in changsha city , a city in china . the residents of qilan town , qilan town , were interviewed by reporters who were satisfied with democracy and were satisfied for the fourth time after assuming office .
at a press conference with liu cong - yi , liu guiyi put himself in a position of a server .
( yesterday 's " xin jing bao " )
liu gang 's belligerent will be a thorougher than some appointed cadres .
public promotion is a major measure of the system of appointing officials through direct elections , and the former is mainly composed of ordinary party members who decide the source of power , and the latter is mainly appointed by the higher authorities , and the direction of the source of power determines that the former must be responsible for the people .
the source of power and the responsibility for whom are the decisive factors for determining how the elected person should carry out his work .
some people questioned such a democratic feeling of being more like a kind of democratic show .
my view is that some people have such a democratic approach .
considering the fact that china 's grassroots democratic political construction is a historical and current situation , i believe that the promotion of public elections is a major breakthrough . democratic supervision is a key link in this important aspect of democracy . it is of great significance to promoting the building of grassroots democratic politics .
india is expected to select the first female president analysts to be elected
on 23 june , a tumultuous presidential candidate 's document , a ten - year - old collaboration .
the election campaign began on 19 july , and the new president will be held in the presidential palace of the united states , which is now the current vice president , sheikh hastily , governor of the state of rajasthan , .
the tuantuan was the first female president in india 's history . if she was elected , she would become a cradle leading female president in india .
the legs are the ruling national party presidential candidate , but the queen 's name is shewat from the opposition party .
because the national congress party has won the majority in the presidential election , the media and the public have been succession , palawan is likely to be elected .
the 72 - year - old pakistani prime minister , jasarar , was a pakistani prime minister .
ms wong , a lawyer , entered into congress , has rich experience in performing his duties as a state governor , and has a great influence on the government .
she also devoted herself to social welfare , and many cultural education and social development .
analysts point out that the reason why pachachang became a candidate is because she forever holds a pass on india 's national congress party chairman sodium gyana .
in india , the gandhi family has long controlled the ruling national congress party .
the legendary suffering from a large number of female voters , and the female voters believe that the palawan will be a very large area in india where the concept of women is serious , and will raise the status of women .
the constitution stipulates that india is a federal state , and the president is the national head of state and the commander of a state , and is not a representative of any party , more is a symbol .
( yan ying - yen )
the united states supports the palestinian government 's expulsion of extremist forces
the report on the military exercise of the pla in the new century , which is being conducted by the pla general staff department ( gpd ) ,
us president bush said on 21 march that the united states will fully support the pakistani government in designating its bases as a military base and a radical element from the region at the pakistani - afghan border .
bush said in a weekly radio address that day that the united states will continue to provide the intelligence , security bases , and other military bases in pakistan and afghanistan .
he expressed his admiration for this .
bush said that the united states will continue to support pakistani president musharraf and believes that musharraf will persist in cooperation with al-qaeda and armed elements in the struggle .
the us recently published " national intelligence assessment " report points out that muslim armed organizations are particularly large bachelor 's bases , which are the hosts of america , which still constitute a threat to the united states .
mashari said in september last year that he had a meeting with some tribal leaders in the northern part of pakistan on preventing the proliferation of forces and the assembling of the member bases of the qatar region , but the agreement did not achieve the desired results .
these tribes were the first to be willing or have no ability to manage their own affairs .
bush said in his early tape speech that the new musharraf was taking positive steps to correct this mistake .
the united states hopes that the agreement on the dprk nuclear issue will be fully implemented
the report on the military exercise of the pla in the united states , which is being conducted by the pla , is being published in washington , washington , july 24 ( reporter xu qisheng ) .
us assistant secretary of state condoleezza rice , the chief representative of the six - party talks , said on 23 march that the six - party talks held last week on the north korean nuclear issue were very important and that the meeting had for the first time made real progress , but this was only a concrete action in implementing the agreement .
the united states is very much hoping that the " 9.19 joint statement " on resolving the dprk nuclear issue and the " february 13 joint document " can be implemented in all aspects .
on the same day , he said that in order to achieve the complete separation of the dprk nuclear issue , the dprk should make a breakthrough in the six - party talks by the end of this year and realize the goal of nuclear facilities to be functional .
he hoped that the parties concerned would make a decision on the dprk nuclear issue in a year 's time .
hill also said that during the security and energy issues talks , the two sides will also discuss the issues of the dprk and the united states , japan and the dprk , respectively , with the working group on the dprk - dprk bilateral relations .
climate change has led to a frictions in alps .
on the evening of july 1 , the chinese government 's foreign ministry announced that china will soon begin to implement a " comprehensive cooperation agreement " with the united states on the development of the china - eu energy cooperation .
the swiss academy of sciences has followed and studied the situation for a long time , and the pertonial ice - melting loose from 1850 to the late swiss leader laurent laurent glacier is declining at an average rate of 3-3 percent a year .
the alone of these crazy buildings caused a frictions of the alps to melt up 1.88 percent .
experts believe that by the year 2000 , the global temperature will rise by three percent , and it will be more severe than now .
" we are very excited about the future of europe , " said allakouch , a top european expert in the world 's natural heritage list , but from 2006 to 2006 , it was reduced by 100 meters .
the photo shows the magnitude of the 23 - kilometer - long alekseki icecap .
liu jun
the various departments of the beijing olympic games jointly proposed : as a civilized consumer , it is a common aspiration of consumers .
the reporter learned from the beijing office of the general staff headquarters on july 30 .
reporter liang jie reports from the china consumer association that at the 8th session of the 29 th olympic games on 8 august , the first anniversary of the countdown of the consumer association of beijing municipality , the consumer protection association of shanghai municipality 's consumers ' rights and interests protection committee , consumers ' association , qinhuanghuangpu consumers association and the consumer council of hong kong , using the consumer protection organization of consumers ' rights in the six districts in six cities to give consumers a proposal :
the proposal proposed that we should strengthen cooperation in the humanistic olympic games , study courtesy knowledge , upgrade civilization , practice civilization and standards , and observe the principles of social civilization and make a civilized society .
and enhance their sense of green olympics , protect the ecological environment , cherish them , and actively promote sustainable consumption , so as to become a consumer who upholds green consumption .
establish the awareness of diligence and thrift , change the concept of consumption , and indulge in blind competition , oppose extravagance and waste , and become rational consumers with a scientific concept of consumption ;
raising the awareness of consumer rights and taking the initiative to participate in social supervision , consciously respecting and safeguarding intellectual property rights , correctly understanding rights and obligations , and acting as a rational mechanism for consumer protection according to law ;
the spirit of being arrogant and active in participating in the games , propagating the olympic concept , and being an olympic disseminator .
the " hundred - thousand - minute " " anchor " hong kong 's heavenly kingdom " celebrated the 10 th anniversary of its return to china
on 1 july , a fire broke out in the ancient temple of jinghai temple in nanjing , during which a police sergeant was knocked down .
this thick historical review has made the people feel proud of the fact that the bridges of the mainland and the ties between hong kong and nanjing and hong kong compatriots are together . now , together , a heavenly kingdom , celebrating the 10 th anniversary of hong kong 's return to the motherland .
ten years ago , on july 1 , nanjing 's jinghai temple was a large building over the xianghai temple , a moment of 55 alarm belonging . it was a natural phenomenon that allowed the separation of hong kong island 's history .
no big lie .
the heat bell was 1.84 metres tall , and the height of the alarm bell was 1.5 meters during the " nanjing treaty " that broke out in 1842 .
the shoulder is 1.98 metres tall and is of great significance for hong kong 's return .
the police in the past , the planning and the cast of the times , wang fengling , explained that five sections were built by ten thousand words of life , which centered on zhong 's body , the entire bronze bell adopted a highly floating art , two dragon towing shootings , and symbolizes hong kong as the motherland 's east pearl , and finally , the chinese government in nanjing as a gift of belonging .
the first proposal that the construction of the pingzhong was proposed by yu xiaodong was a great success . the truth of the collapse of the qinhuangdao , which has been going on for 10 years , he hoped that hong kong would be like a shackle that might be like that , if it were not , it would be absolutely impermissible .
( end ) zhu xiaoying liu yang :
the russian security bureau accused the exile of " conspiring to launch a signature "
the exile russian oligarchs , berezovsky 's lawyer , boekov , announced on 2 july that the russian federal security bureau has already formally filed a lawsuit against his clients , accusing him of being a new group , accusing him of conspiring to seize the state , and threatening to seize the state power of russia .
boris kolov pointed out that the visit by perez to china in april this year was a " very successful " one .
the russian federal security bureau 's reconnaissance bureau immediately issued a circular in accordance with section 278 of the russian federation 's criminal law on violent acts of bullying over power over clauses concerning criminal cases against the family . recently , it formally submitted a corresponding request to the moscow 's sarvin court .
it is reported that in february 2006 , the russian federal procuratorate instituted a prosecution against him .
because meridien has been extradited abroad and cannot be extradited , russia suspended the investigation of the case for the time being in january 2007 .
on 2 july , the russian federation court in svilya began to hear the trial of another case of unscrupulous . the russian general procuratorate accused perestroika of swolling 214 million rupees of russian airlines , using a fund of 16 million rubles , and the court decided to postpone the hearing until 12 july .
" people of the two countries are proud of their experience in the past .
( bi yuan )
a person responsible for a person in guangxi is subject to the supervision of administrative efficiency of 619 people .
since the beginning of this year , various departments in guangxi have launched activities to change the work style of cadres and strengthen the administrative efficiency of organs . the practice of holding organs responsible for responsibility in handling affairs within a time limit of the responsibility system has been implemented . the departments directly under the autonomous region have examined and approved 33 key posts of efficacy supervision and management .
so far , 619 people have been held responsible for the case .
the reporter saw on 5 july that the lakes autonomous region discipline inspection commission has made preliminary arrangements for forming a autonomous region 's centralized administrative efficiency supervision system , which is a city 's administrative efficiency supervision network , and strengthening supervision over the posts of key departments , and the electronic supervision systems of 14 cities have all been connected with the regional network .
the regional administrative efficiency electronic supervision system directly connects the various aspects of investment environment and the people 's production and life directly under the autonomous region 's 33 key departments for examination and approval , which are responsible for their responsibilities , further standardize the behavior of examination and approval , and enhance the efficiency of examination and approval .
at the same time , discipline inspection and supervision organs at all levels in guangxi have seriously dealt with cases involving the effect of working style and the harm done by organs . as of now , they have investigated and verified a total of 769 cases , and dealt with 584 units involved in the investigation and handling of 619 persons .
the members of the party committee 's standing committee , ma xianglong , said on 5 july that the administrative efficiency supervision is a work that is always accompanied by administrative activities , and should gradually form a long - term mechanism .
guangxi should further improve and standardize the administrative management system of various kinds , establish and perfect the supervisory mechanism for administrative efficiency , and ensure that the efficiency of the supervision can be brought into the systematic and standardized track , further standardize the supervision and inspection procedures , and improve the mechanism for handling complaints and the mechanism for evaluating the performance of their work , increase the intensity of investigation and affixing responsibility , so as to ensure the implementation of the responsibility system and the time limit for handling the work .
the chinese government has decided to set up a national emergency management system ( nwfb ) to help the country 's public security organs to deal with the aftermath of the disaster .
nato does not rule out the possibility of a confrontation with the united states on the issue of the anti - missile system
nato information officer simona dmanso said on 9 may that nato 's military action against yugoslavia was not ruled out of the possibility of linking the us anti - missile system with nato 's self defense system .
simona mann , who is also a member of the us military , said nato is studying the us anti - missile program and hopes that the us anti - missile base will cover all european allies .
she said nato has its own theater missile defense system , and has already established a mechanism for the establishment of a strategic missile defense system , which is aimed at linking the us anti - missile system with nato 's own defense system .
she also said that the us policy on building an anti - missile system in europe will be adopted in a timely manner through various channels with russia .
the united states has decided to lift the ban on imports of chinese beef and other products from the united states , said chinese vice - premier wu yi here tuesday .
two jordanian people were sentenced to two years ' imprisonment for plotting to attack the americans
two jordanian men jailed for planning an attack on americans in jordan on 11 november , after being sentenced by the jordanian national security court .
the two men , both aged 25 , were arrested for being a hostess of rice hohaiahami .
the court said that the royal court was also charged with illegally possessing fireworks and fires , and the police found during a search of his successor .
the court had originally decided to sentence hu tall to life imprisonment and later thought of giving him a golden week of succession .
the indictment said that the two defendants had been deciding to take part in the war in iraq for the sake of the americans bullying the muslim enemies , and therefore planned to attack the us living in jordan .
in august 2006 , they came to a prison in the jordanian capital of anman .
the indictment did not make the americans ' accusations .
the indictment also accused the two defendants of attacking other americans .
the chinese government has decided to set up a national defense education system in the country , said chinese vice - premier wu yi here tuesday .
the ' taiwan independence ' organization has been the most important factor in the report that has triggered off bad reaction .
according to a report by the us media on the 15th , the anti - diabetes and other undesirable reactions have recently appeared in the united states .
the us food and drug administration has issued a safety warning in may this year , suggesting that the diabetes should be used in texas because scientists have published the first issue of the new magazine " new medical journal " on may 21 . the report says that this kind of cheap medicines will increase the number of patients with illness and their burden .
the vouchers were thus welcomed by doctors and patients .
statistics show that in issuing safety warnings , about one month later , the united states drug administration received a total of 357 complaints about the use of drugs , which triggered a bad reaction . 38 of them were deaths .
in january and february this year , the drug administration conducted only one complaint , 50 complaints and a total of 73 non - performing reports .
these bad reactions have lightened the water bubble and hit the heart sudden death .
however , the us drug authority 's drug expert believes that at present , the conclusion of the disappearance of the disorder is still too early .
the authority will hold a meeting on july 30 on the use of lahoud .
in 1999 , the outright - shaped cream was an insulin - depth reproduce for treating the disease of tuberculosis .
about 60,000 people worldwide are suffering from diabetes , or are taking the medicinal diabetes .
the vouchers of the british queen glaxosmik have always believed that the dutch is safe and that they are also important to the patient .
the united states wants to reopen the middle east
us president bush said in washington on 16 june that he would hold a summit meeting this fall to discuss the palestinian - israeli issue .
on 17 august , bush also called egyptian president mubarak , who was accompanying king mubarak in jordan and king fukui of saudi arabia , asking them to actively respond to the proposal and take practical action to support abbas , chairman of the palestinian national authority , to help palestine and israel resume peace talks at an early date .
abbas said the central committee of the plo will discuss the issue of the early palestinian general election
the palestinian national authority chairman abbas said on 18 june in ramallah that the palestine liberation organization ( plo ) central committee had two days of working .
abbas said in ramallah 's office that the day before he met with eu foreign and security officials , who were responsible for foreign and security affairs , and at a joint press conference held after the meeting that if the central committee of the plo made the relevant decisions , the chairman will have the authority to announce the legal and effective order .
at the same time , abbas expressed his disappointment over the relations between the palestinian national authority and the eu .
he said : pakistan welcomes the eu 's positive attitude toward the palestinian president 's office .
abbas urged the eu to continue providing aid to the palestinian people in gaza .
he reiterated the eu 's support for abbas and the palestinian people .
he said : the relevant departments in the middle east issue ( the eu 's leading and russian ) will hold a meeting on 19 february to discuss the issue of reactivating the middle east peace process . the next few days may propose a plan to be proposed .
the statement says that the eu is satisfied with the deployment of international troops in gaza , but it still needs to discuss with other parties , especially with the united nations .
the chinese government has decided to set up a national land management committee to implement the project of " building a modern agriculture " in the country 's rural areas .
jiangxi will provide a large amount of resources for rural health personnel who are engaged in agriculture for 30 years .
for a long time , a large number of medical and technical personnel in rural areas have been living a life - long life in which the undertaking of health and the health of peasants has been paid .
jiangxi province recently decided to extend the period of laoying village 's sanitation professional personnel for 30 years to provide rural health undertaking with honor awards for 30 years .
according to a report by the jiangxi provincial health department , at the township health hospital sponsored by the government , there are more than 20 types of medical specialists and technical personnel with specialized technical qualifications of middle and higher professional health care than junior health technical personnel . all professional and technical personnel who have been merged successively or merged in the township health hospital 's township health care system and the epicentre 's work in the massachusetts are all awarded prizes .
the first batch of verified final calculation time was the end of july .
for those rural public health personnel who meet the requirements , jiangxi province has promulgated , apart from issuing awards for 30 years of honor of the awards for those who have won a certificate of honor for those who have been admitted through examinations in jiangxi province and to give priority to those who are qualified to take care of them .
senior professionals will be held on a solely qualified basis , and the assessment will be conducted on a practical basis , with a view to appropriately relaxing conditions for scientific research dissertations and exempting them from examination .
the jiangxi provincial health department will arrange a certain number of places for vacation each year , and will provide certain financial assistance .
starting this year , jiangxi province will spend about two years launching a drive to collect fees from rural public health organizations that has been awarded a certificate of honor for being awarded a golden tax .
the united states has decided to lift the ban on the import of chinese beef and other products from the united states , the european union ( eu ) , the united states , the united states , japan and the republic of korea ( rok ) .
the us defense department reconsidered the reduction of us troops stationed in europe
a us defense department official said on the 23rd that because of the iraq war and the changes in the situation in iraq , the us defense department is now considering a new plan to cut the number of us troops stationed in europe by half .
the us media quoted a defense ministry official as saying that because iraq war was still in progress , the us military and the russian military were still in a state of deterioration , the defense department 's statement on the feasibility of the plan to reduce the european military stationed there was a question .
when he was involved in this incident , secretary of defense rumsfeld announced that the united states would send its troops to europe by 2012 from 11.9 million people to 7.cloth .
at present , the total number of us troops stationed in europe has reached the extent of being involved in this incident .
however , in june this year , admiral jose manuel cake , commander of the us military european command , submitted a report to the current defense secretary on the plan .
the report said that the us troops stationed in europe have also reduced their military strength , and many troops have been transferred to iraq and afghanistan in turn , making the us troops stationed in europe short of personnel and cannot join the regular activities of cooperation with the european allies .
the report suggests that the us military in europe be stopped .
a relevant us expert believes that the above phenomena show that the iraq war has dragged down the original us military plan for readjustment .
the chinese government has decided to set up a national defense education system in the country , said a senior official of the chinese ministry of education here tuesday .
the first stage of the " golden week " was held in the construction site of the city 's safety film industry .
rmrb commentator on promoting ' three represents ' in qingdao , 26 july ( reporter song xuechun and fan zhongliang )
to further deepen the urban civilization construction , let more cultural departments and cultural departments enhance the awareness of the rule of law and the sense of safety in traffic , and enhance their awareness of observing the law , the city government has held a series of large - scale demonstrations from 20 july to 10 august ( weekly , weekly , three weeks weekly ) . the people 's temple in the people 's square was opened on july 3 , 1999 .
in the film opening , jia qingrong , who was printing the movie , " lasts protection of life -- a feeling of deep sorrow for the broad masses of citizens " and some publicity materials , and also plays the video " collection of life " and " warning of children . "
the film was a scene of great concern among the citizens .
in particular , " on the way to school , " the textbook passed through the formats of letting cadres understand the mystery of love .
the film attracted the attention of more than 3,000 people around the square , especially the audience who came to tzu [ a popular film ] and the migrant workers , all sitting in the center of the site relimently watching it .
the number of people who have been killed in the disaster caused by natural disasters in the countryside has increased .
china 's catering industry to increase by 20 percent
to better implement the spirit of the " food hygiene law " and the " decision on further strengthening food safety work " of the state council , the ministry of health has separately held a meeting in haidian district of beijing municipality , as well as a forum held by the departments of taizhou city , taizhou city of hangzhou city , henan province , hubei province , and hainan province , and the 10 regions , including the haikou departments under the provincial public health supervision system , and the provincial health inspection
this system will also gradually move toward the entire country .
the total number of complaints about the hygiene of restaurants was 9,594 , which was issued on the basis of day - to - day health supervision . the health management system of health care personnel has a health certification that the quality of food and labels of food processing are required to protect the health of the environment and hygiene of the processing sites of sanitation food products that are mainly for sterilizing sterilization of raw material for making laundry inspection . according to the results of
according to the briefing , the public display table will adopt the unified health statement and formats of the health ministry 's list , which include nine on - site inspections of the health situation , evaluation of the results of public health supervision on the scene and the establishment of the supervisory and regulatory organs and the customer 's complaints , and will be posted on the door of the inspection unit or the customers ' information .
the united states has decided to cut its military spending by 10 percent in the first quarter of this year , according to a report by the international monetary fund ( imf ) .
un security council decides to extend peacekeeping mission in ethiopia
the un security council unanimously adopted a resolution on 30 june , agreeing to extend the un 's jurisdiction and membership of the un peacekeeping force ( ethiopia and tumultua ) to january next year .
the resolution urges the parties concerned to honor their commitments , maintain restraint , ease the tension , and avoid unctuous military activities , and urge the republic of ecuador to immediately link its troops and its military equipment to the temporary safety zone , and urge the authorities to reduce the number of recently deployed additional military troops in the vicinity of the provisional security zone .
the resolution demanded that specific measures be taken immediately to enable the ecuadorian border committee to hold consultations with the chinese government on the border without any clearance of the situation , and that eritrea should not suspend its inspection of ethiopia as a result of canceling all the actions and operations of the delegations .
the resolution reiterated that it fully supports the work of the ecuadorian - ethiopian border commission and expressed its appreciation for the decision made by the committee to hold a meeting with eritrea and eritrea on september 6 in new york .
in 1998 , a country with a feeling of prosperity caused by a conflict over the border between eritrea and eritrea .
in june 2000 , ethiopia and eritrea signed a cease - fire agreement in the algerian capital of algiers .
the united nations has started to hold a summit meeting on peacekeeping in ethiopia in july 2001 to oversee the implementation of the cease - fire agreement between the two countries .
the chinese government has decided to build a large number of small and medium - sized enterprises in the country , said wang xiangjiang , a provincial governor of hunan province .
the olympic games are a large gathering of experts and scholars from all over the country .
on june 30 , this newspaper , chengdu , june 30 .
xing yi , a journalist of yi qianyuan , said in order to implement the party central committee 's directive on building a socialist harmonious society and build a new countryside , the entire people were shocked by the olympic games and the theme of their colleagues .
the six - day race attracted more than 100 athletes from 10 county - level cities across the country .
according to the regulations , the athletes participating in this competition must be a girlfriend aged 18 and above .
all the projects that are needed for 2006 , including the management of sports safety , which are registered by the state sports administration 's athlete management center , are not allowed to participate in the competition .
the competition adopted the method of the newly approved " bridges " by the china society , which is divided into two categories : primaries .
the competition was jointly organized by the state administration of physical culture and sports , which is sponsored by the state administration of caesar .
in recent years , the family of deng xiaoping , who has a history of over - years , has developed rapidly . shuangdi county has won awards of countless counties in the whole country , including villages where mass sports advanced units are involved in sports .
in particular , in the new rural construction , the double - flow counties have vigorously carried out the project of letting peasants pass sports , and have linked the building of sports facilities with rural villages to green trees .
modern military uniforms are three major functions
first , the functions of identification .
different countries ' armies have different types of military branches and people 's important symbols .
in the world , the number of countries , big or small , is still less than one - third of the military use , but there is no military use of any two countries .
second , symbolic functions .
to a certain extent , the military uniform is a spiritual outlook of a country and a symbol of a nation 's characteristics , and is also a symbol of a military fighting capacity of a country .
in a courteous fashion , a training exercise was conducted in three military uniforms .
third , the defense function .
with the development of high - tech weapons and equipment , the enhancement of the new - type comprehensive defense capabilities of the new - type operational training has the characteristics of defense against accidental detection of chemical warfare which is guarding against radiation from the control of chemical warfare , as well as the transfer of huaer functions in many forms , which have become a top priority issue in the development of military uniform .
( shi wei )
a certain brigade 's party committee organs dared to handle problems over the past decade or so when they could handle problems from a lack of transparency .
the pla air force 's chengdu military region 's general staff headquarters ,
mr chu chung - mao , who is a professor of science , said : " we can live in the layers of our houses and benefit from the efforts and courage of the party committee of the large team .
today , a certain communications training regiment of the chengdu military region has more than 10 cadres living in qiqiaomu 's house . they have a great enthusiasm for the members of the party committee , who have the courage to tackle problems of genuine and hard work style , and a great pleasure in their knowledge and practice .
a few years ago , with the emergence of personnel , the family properties of this brigade were covered by the illegal overstaffing , which made the housing difficulties of cadres in the division difficult . officers and soldiers were quite dissatisfied with this .
the group also had a number of houses , and all had been unable to get any end due to various obstacles , thus making this problem a big problem .
the feeling of being entanglement and loose - and - mouth cannot be resolved .
the new term of party committee leadership group reached a consensus , with the main leaders personally attending to the meeting , to discuss all problems of illegal occupation of houses .
on the one hand , they were engaged in extravagance , hope that the personnel concerned would pay attention to the fact that the houses of military houses were built by the money raised from houses that are suitable for the economy , and this shows that the party committees have a firm determination and a principled stand .
we must also resolutely investigate and handle some housing problems that involve bureaucracy and bureaucracy , which are difficult to resist , and which occupy housing .
after two months of meticulous work , the experts in the area of inner mongolia who illegally occupy more than 20 housing in violation of rules and regulations have been removed on schedule . cadres at the brigade level have all been given housing according to the regulations .
the party committee of the brigade dared to tackle tough problems through hard work , and this has added a new effect on organization distribution . the past several " golden triangle " cadres who were unwilling to actively cooperate with the organization distribution have also expressed their willingness to obey the decision .
chinese npc vice - chairman meets bangladesh air force chief
the reporter learned from the general office of the pla in beijing on july 9 .
reporter zhang shun reports : fu quanyou , commander of the air force of the central military commission , met with chai o'ng - man , chief of staff of the bangladesh air force , and his entourage in beijing today .
qiao qingchen said : the chinese and bangladesh have maintained close cooperation in various fields since the two countries established diplomatic relations .
no matter how big the two countries have been in international affairs or in the building of their respective countries , mutual trust is mutual support , mutual assistance , and mutual assistance .
china appreciates and thanks bangladesh for its support to china on issues such as taiwan 's human rights and tibet .
qiao qingchen said that the chinese army treasures the traditional friendship with the bangladesh army and hopes that the relations between the two armed forces will be further expanded with the joint efforts of both sides .
zagreb said that bangladesh will make positive efforts to further develop the relations between the two armed forces , especially the air forces of the two countries .
he reiterated that the bangladesh government will , as always , adhere to the one - china policy .
before the meeting , qiao qingchen held a welcoming ceremony for zoo .
qi is here at the invitation of qiao qingchen , and arrived in beijing on july 8 for an official goodwill visit to china .
the military uniform designer , the china military online [ cncnmec ] ,
the reporter learned from the pla general administration of customs that during his visit to china , liu baorong , a journalist of china 's armed forces , will be replaced by a 07 - style military uniform .
this evening , the chinese military web specially invited military professionals and materials to be used by deputy director of the armament department chen jun and his brother 's house needed to be equipment research institute , to present a new military uniform , named su fu , a military designer , to be a guest of the chinese military . he was born with netizens from inside and outside the military and received a new military uniform .
the two guests are : 07 military uniform design , which is a direct project .
on the new military uniform , jiang zemin said : the new military uniform is a new type of military uniforms used in changsha in 2007 .
the military uniform is the most important characteristic of this type of uniform .
the two guests also exchanged views on the new uniform variety , the prosperity of the golden temple , and other issues related to internet users .
this time , the bone was composed of a large - scale flow network of netizens , a large - scale television network , together with a china netizen .
jingjiang city people 's armed forces platform elevates the professional quality of cadres
on the afternoon of the same day , cao jiabin , commander of the pla air force 's jinjiang city , was transferred to a large number of military cadres in jingjiang city , jiangsu province .
this is a typical case of the laoyi family taking into consideration the actual work posts , putting stress on raising the quality of specialized wu cadres , and striving to improve the comprehensive quality of the cadres .
early this year , the people 's armed forces department 's party committee discovered during its investigations and studies at the grassroots level that some cadres with specialized skills are long - term , too long , and concurrently holding official posts , and that they did not place their main energy on armed work .
for this reason , they have adopted the method of training through science and technology by relying on local party schools for training , and have regularly conducted training on specialized military cadres , focusing on resolving the problem of narrow - horizon business of military cadres .
in connection with the central work , they boldly offered cadres with specialized skills , such as cadres who are competent for their duties , through their work posts , and enhance their ability to serve in their posts .
at the same time , they have actively coordinated with local organizational departments and jointly formulated the " regulations on the appointment of cadres by specialized arms " and clearly stipulated that armed forces ministers must go to the leadership of party committees and no longer hold other posts .
the chinese government has established a mechanism for the adjustment and exchange of cadres with high age , which is not adapted to the work of armed forces at the grassroots level , and has promptly readjusted and perfected the work method of comrades who are highly competent in comprehensive quality .
not long ago , the new century 's masayoshi [ name as transliterated ] , director of the armed forces department , led the militia technical detachment to innovate on the underwater vessel technology , thus filled up a severe domestic situation and was upgraded to the armed forces department of the company .
good intentions must be good at all .
the results of the competition alone are two to two .
if the iranian team 2 - 0 lead , then the bitter score will be equalized , and the chinese team will be a bit less .
good will never be good at the end , and it can be said that it is a problem with old things .
the feeling is that the situation is so complicated .
this is indeed a kind of feeling that a government can not afford to worry about .
however , from today 's competition , it is still like a dog of the race .
sun jihai said : over the past five years , the chinese government has taken a series of measures to strengthen the administration of state affairs .
this is a sorry - out result that the iranian team has been forced to settle down , and the reason is that the team will be transferred to a temporary custody .
iran beat the united states in a backward condition .
the second half of the comb also changed the name of " falungong " , but the effect of such activities was not good .
overcome benevolence and fail to make the final the best , we must find the root of the problem .
as long as the problems are accurately identified and the problems are corrected , it is probably not difficult to find .
fearing that the emergency is a disaster , and taking medical care .
if this happens , it is a bitter hatred that kick more matches , old problems will still be committed , and the talks will not be expected to be kicked .
the ministry of public security has awarded the honorary collective dividing the 20 th century collective honor of the guangdong border defense corps hospital .
on july 18 , the pla general staff headquarters in shenzhen
li guoliang was shocked by huang qi .
this morning , the ministry of public security awarded the honorary title of the guangdong frontier defense hospital for collective celebrations and the collective deeds of supporting the government and cherishing the people .
the hospital of the guangdong frontier defense corps has built a harmonious society as a whole . it has built a succession of large projects in the city of buji , a newly built " golden garden " [ name as transliterated ] hospital , which is specially for migrant workers , and a medical worker from other places has to pay only one yuan for inspection and fee for surcharge . the cost of overnight surgery is only 8 yuan .
the hospital has specially equipped a vehicle that can provide temporary support for traffic management , which is needed to provide a temporary emergency service for migrant workers .
this move that benefits the people has benefited the peasants ' work more than 12,000 people .
from the tuantuous heap , the hospital also launched a thousand lanterns of large - scale chartuous consultation activities , and eight training courses for medical personnel from the medical department went to inspect the medical facilities in remote areas such as yunnan , in tibet . these were opened for health consultation and free medical treatment .
the armed police force changed its military units by changing 07 - style clothes on 1 august .
the staff reporter , beijing , july 19 - - zhang zhifeng , reporter of the armed police force , will start from 1 august to replace 7 military police vehicles .
today , this reporter has learned from the 07 - style apparel issuance ceremony and cartoon activities of the armed police force that the seven - style dressing clothes were issued for permanent dresses for wearing clothes . the four large categories of houses were added to the uniform .
the drawer is composed of the existing olive - green zone and the deep - olive branches , fresh greens , and pants . it is natural that the entire design of the belt is strong . the installation of the no. 1 type is based on the national wearing - type standards .
female officers and men were engaged in intensive processing of complicated management methods , such as shelter , solar , solar , solar , solar , solar , steel , and other modern equipment .
the new name brand name added is a symbol of china 's national defense military service zhang haichang and the blue belt , which are redesigned , has added a name brand name , a banner of flowery , a badge , and a banner , which has enhanced the functions of identification .
the armed police force 's 07 - year apparel will be changed in three years .
on august 1 , 2007 , the pla forces will be involved in the formulation of a national flag and a national flag , a military banana troupe , a military engineering group , a summary of gift for cadres and scholars stationed in the beijing region .
the may was the first time that a soldier was killed in a military uniform in spring and autumn . a symbol of a military uniform was added to the rank of rank - and - file soldiers .
tube - tube october is a winter solar , a common clothes .
on december 29 , 2009 , the new permanent uniform for soldiers was issued .
military training is subordinate to the seasonal flow of training .
a certain base of the second artillery corps has a small collection of complicated and difficult education cooperation zones have started operation
the first batch of new - type personnel of the army aviation regiment of the pla navy , which has been providing training for rural residents , has become a rare resource with each having its own operational experience .
this reporter recently learned that after six months of experiments , the base has issued the " interim regulations on carrying out the ' program of carrying out ' for the ideological and political education ' " and has covered all small , remote , and directly subordinate units of the base in carrying out ideological and political education .
in order to promote the " outline of ideological and political education , " the base organized forces to conduct a comprehensive and systematic study of the ideological and political education of small , scattered , and directly administered units at the beginning of the year , and influenced and restricted educational personnel 's curtis over the results of their inspection . a preliminary form of a new type of education in the cooperative zone of small , remote , and directly administered units was formed .
the specific practice of the cooperative zone is to break down the demarcation line between the unit and the unit , and to set up a regiment in a relatively centralized film zone , a regiment - level unit , which has a unified plan for themed education . the units under different subordinate relationships have taken a study at the same platform or obtained a relatively remote discussion from the departments .
the adoption of such systems as tumultuous competition for posts has played a unified role in the distribution of educational forces , and the unified use of educational hardware in the region . data collected by various units has been shared and exchanged . it has organized typical circuit reports on the exchange of cadres and officers and soldiers in the study .
each cooperative zone has a database on how young people and children can obtain information collection .
on this basis , all the cooperative areas have also established a mechanism for assistance in difficult problems , which has resulted in a collective commercial involving emergency ideological conditions , a system of reporting and assessing the situation .
director zhang shengmin of the base 's political department told this reporter that the establishment of a political education coordination zone has reduced the waste of educational resources and deepened the educational results .
some political careless , fearing the loss of the officers and men of foreign units , took the initiative to study new knowledge exploring new ways of education .
the officers and men who received education were active in educational contents , afraid of discussing and analyzing the situation in the front of officers and men of a friendly unit .
this kind of belonging and encouragement is supported by the masses .
a certain division of the north china sea fleet has a total of more than 100 personnel in the army corps .
the pla general staff headquarters recently issued a " circular on the management of military vehicles in the north china sea fleet , " which was recently issued by zhang weiliang , deputy chief engineer of a certain unit under the north china sea fleet .
the six - level nco luo xiangming happily told this writer : the leadership of the detachment cares and cherishes soldiers , and makes us feel deeply moved . after we come back , we will certainly make efforts to work hard !
and organized soldiers to collect money from each other at the grassroots level .
not long ago , zhang zhansheng went to the grass - roots level to see that some responsible soldiers braved the cloth to carry out equipment maintenance work , which made yao qingsheng deeply moved .
how could the soldiers forget their work ? the party committee should care for and cherish soldiers , and should take responsibility for the health of the soldiers . at the party committee meeting , yao qingsheng 's words won the approval of everyone .
after the study , the party committee made a decision to send the battalion to the higher authorities , and all the personnel assigned to the front line of work .
a certain unit in the jinan military region has openly raised hot issues and raised hot issues to a higher level .
the pla general staff headquarters / beijing ,
wang weiqin 's comments came from li weizhong : in july , the reporters visited a military training recently held by a certain unit of the jinan military region : a piece of land was awarded by the unit engineering project for bidding finance cadres .
according to su chengsen , political commissar of the unit , this is a major move taken by the unit to promote the system of making government affairs public .
it was like this that the party committee of this unit formulated a " long - term plan for supervision at the grassroots level " for strengthening the building of party style and a clean administration , and it required that all matters involving the immediate interests of officers and men and the building of the troops be heard and decided upon after hearing the opinions of officers and men , and that the standards for handling affairs and the procedures for handling affairs will be openly examined and verified .
the unit has set up a temporary monitoring system , which lays stress on key projects such as the golden boards and layers , collecting opinions and suggestions from everyone .
early this year , the soldiers ' dormitory renovation project was completed and started . party committees and organs extensively solicited opinions from officers and men , then they issued information on the invitation and conducted open bidding .
this has saved the funds and won the trust of officers and men .
to make things open and fair , we have promoted the formation of good conduct in the grass - roots units .
in this unit , the grassroots units , no matter whether they are the troops or the grassroots units , are not very popular , or are little to personal vacation and delays of account accounts , all uphold the principle of holding public notices regularly , consciously accepting mass supervision .
us , china to maintain high - density dosage of genetic fluid
london , july 2 ( xinhua ) iceland scientists have discovered through research that two types of gene - related incidents have shrunken people 's risk far higher than ordinary people .
according to the latest issue of " nature " magazine , the solar codes of iceland 's diagnostic companies have a comprehensive understanding of the lasty us and the vast expanse of china 's hong kong region .
the gene - mapping of these two genes and heart disease can be used in early days .
the shell of the shade immediately trembled and was the most critical clinical law .
according to a report in the " conservation of nature " published on 1 july , the authorities involved in the drafting of a decoration company , a responsible researcher of the company , also discovered a large quantity of diagnostic material that is incompatible with the decent cancer of the predecessor . among them , more than one third of the precursor cancer cases have played a certain role .
the study also found that one of the genes was in the process of raising the risk of cancer in people , while reducing the risk of diabetes .
( sports ) us senator james kelly cup matches may be released
xinhua news agency , marathon , july 3 , the venezuelan government decided to cut its military spending by 10 percent in the first half of this year , according to a report by the venezuelan government today
according to the venezuelan media report on 3 april , li qun , a 37 - year - old old gateway , said in an interview here that if the us cup could not find a suitable club after the match , he would choose to retire .
if the beauty cup is over , it will be four to six weeks after the game , i will not be able to obtain a high level of team one or two . then , the contract , which i am perhaps a good choice .
the tuantuous tiger , bashar , fell into the german team , and keller also left the team .
although keller had a heart - to - heart hand , the fact that the prince is still a public administration , he is obviously not worried about his family . he himself is now more than eight teams that are interested in his administration .
however , this former us president who has served in the western cape collinson and delaa , said that he is finally able to choose how to hide the family , and i have been living in the age of nine . he is accompanying me in three different stages of development .
at the recent golden cup tournament , kaer - la played a good role , helping the team win the championship .
the current america cup , he is still the main coach of the coach bradley , who has been appointed to the important mission , but how hard he fists , using his young daughter 's mystery of modern military administration as a " fisherman " of the argentine , is simply a big adversary like that of the rival . he has been in control of the seven matches of the game .
the next match against colombia will be held in the second round of matches .
chinese vice - premier meets us guests
xinhua news agency , ottawa , july 17 - according to a report by the " global post " of canada , after eight years of hard work , the smart rock of the canadian companies ( laq ) , smart cell phones finally obtained approval .
the main stream of the project was the " qianba - shi - xi " - - - a - miao - xi - li - yi , chief executive officer of the china beijing - shanghai cooperation organization , and other major cities .
the " global post " quoted a remark by li changfu , a manager of the beijing office , saying that the black strawberry 8700g smart cell phones will land on the chinese market at the end of august , and the price is about $ 700 . so far , 5,000 orders have been received .
bob silley said that last week the company was a hoe - phone that was crowned by hee .
according to statistics , in the first quarter of this year , more than 100 new users of black strawberries have added to their users , with a total number of users having reached 900,000 .
us , spain to hold talks on killing of wives
xinhua news agency report of july 7 from changsha - - a woman who was killed in the struggle was killed by a monumental attack . her face was covered with a dark cloth . she found that the culprit was her husband and the police had arrested him .
according to a report by the media here on the 6th , the woman was killed in a burning shop in valencia .
one day , a mongolian man was killed by a gunpowder inside the shop .
but the man did not pay the money , but he pinned the woman 's neck , and wanted to see her .
she wanted to dress up her old friend with her own bodies , but the man was not a solar tale .
during the struggle , the woman was dragged into a mask . however , she found out that person was a " falungong " practitioner .
the culprits were all arrested by police .
the victim told the media that she was not in good condition with her husband because of disaffection . they had two children .
the 13 pilots resigned from the donghang airline company to file complaints against the company for compensation exceeding 100 million yuan
wuhan , july 11 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a special fund to help the country 's economy develop in the first half of this year , according to a report by the ministry of education
the 13 pilots have resigned and the families of these pilots are in wuhan , china 's eastern airlines .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration commission is currently trying this case .
in may this year , 13 east china airlines and wuhan airlines successively submitted their resignation , and were refused by the company .
the pilot arrived in the air in early june one after another to the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration commission , requesting the ruling to terminate the contract with the eastern wuhan company .
the company received a report from the guangdong provincial government on its failure to file a lawsuit and demanded that 13 pilots pay the pilot a penalty for violating the labor contract and relieving his labor contract , with a loss of more than nt $ 6 million to over 10 million yuan , and a burden of over 10.5 billion yuan for a period of time .
it is learned that the collision of the pilot and the eastern airlines is an unfixed labor contract . apart from the fact that the conditions for suspension of conditions or the cancellation of conditions in the labor contract will continue to end the legal retirement age of the pilot .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee has made an appeal and counterappeal hearing of the case and is expected to hold a trial of the case before 8 august .
us , germany call for early solution to russia - russia border treaty
xinhua news agency report of july 12th from riga ( by staff reporter yang dehong ) - visiting german foreign minister steinmeier today urged russia to reopen its door to the six - nation border treaty as soon as possible through the laptop .
steinmeier said that the two countries have a long history of cooperation .
after the talks , the press conference was held , and steinmeier called on the russian side to pass the latvian border treaty as soon as possible .
steinmeier said that the friendship between china and japan is a long - term and arduous task .
on 27 march this year , after a 10 - year negotiation , the us government 's prime minister karwendis and the russian prime minister vladimir fukov signed a joint statement on the border between the two countries in moscow .
on 17 may , the latin american parliament passed a resolution on the lashker - russia border .
according to reports by the media , the russian parliament will soon discuss the treaty .
us , south korea to hold sixth round of talks over solar - powered islands
pyongyang , july 16 ( xinhua ) the united states has decided to lift the ban on the import of nuclear materials from the dprk , the united states and japan , according to a report released by the dprk 's ministry of foreign affairs
the dprk and the rok military representatives held a meeting in panmunjom on 16 june , during which the two sides agreed to hold the sixth round of talks on 24 august .
according to the central news agency , the dprk military representative lai changxing , who was living in haikou , said that during the contacts that day , dprk 's western sea area was delimited to the baiyi islands , and the two sides should establish joint zones , and detailed explanations on the reasons .
he said : the establishment of a common zone must be implemented to the maximum extent in seeking common national prosperity and common prosperity and ensuring peace and stability .
pak pong - su said that the friendship between the two countries has been tested by the peoples of the two countries .
he said that the military guarantee measures should be formulated in a timely manner to promote cooperation and exchanges between the dprk and the rok , which have been upheld by the military of the dprk .
he said : the rok side should make military preparations at present , and ensure that the dprk 's non - governmental ships can ship in the sea port directly from the port of haizhou and to conduct ship - to - ship activities in the cheju strait .
this is the second time that the dprk and the rok have held a joint military exercise since the 10 th of this month .
the fifth round of talks between the dprk and the rok was held in panoramic on 8 and 11 may . the cabinet 's tang jiaxuan , a unified cabinet , was held from 8 to 11 may .
us stocks end higher in first six months
xinhua news agency report of july 18th from seoul - hyundai motor company said in seoul on july 18th that the company has no intention to buy wolong or the brand name of the company .
the sunday times reported that the us army 's new york times and the us army 's new york times , which are likely to sell wolfowitz .
the sunday times reported that the us military has also carried out a large - scale test of its new generation of automobiles , a potential friend of wolfowitz .
hyundai motor said that the impact of the acquisition of wolfowitz or the lack of interest is uncommon , modern auto makers are busy with implementing their own expansion plan , which is absolutely not riffle in his view .
in 1999 , the " golden tax " came from wolfowitz , sweden , to buy wolfowitz .
at present , wolfowitz and rhoopard are all principal automobile groups .
in march this year , he was caught in a loss of $ 8.4 billion , sold a foreign fund of a foreign capital , a flea flagrant flea flash of late last month .
( sports ) cuba 's cake ropes
xinhua news agency , rio de janeiro , july 21 ( reporter chen weihua ) - @ colliery cooler said that china has a population of more than 20 million people .
the cuban delegation arrived here on 21 november for a fist in the pan - american games .
according to the rules of the international fist , the fists who fought taiwan in international competitions should be a rope of 6.1 meters , but according to the fist of the cuban delegation 's fist , pendroque roeker , the pan - american games boxing station will be a rope of a short line of 1 meters or more .
rokerk said : we have submitted a report on a formal protest because this is a matter that is not an issue that affects cuba , but a matter that involves all people .
the rope is too short to influence the fists ' movements .
he also said : " in the past , if the authorities found a golden opportunity to meet the olympic standards , it would be very difficult to find a rope in another place .
as you know , we have learned from cuba that the united states has a layer of layers .
mexico and colombia also expressed their concern over the rope 's recent visit to taiwan .
columbian fist giulioo geoff said that although the first battle was a victory , he said : the truth of being a triumph in my first match , the fist is too narrow . it really makes me feel that not a single thing , and the fact that lays down the imperial house is not a problem .
the big beam curd brought about by the restoration of export orders from overseas , the export of foreign affairs related to foreign countries
shanghai , july 24 ( xinhua ) the shanghai municipal government , the government of china , has decided to set up a special fund for the development of the information industry , which has been a key port for a time , in shanghai
the guansheng garden is a large state of china 's art of leadership over the past five years .
the guananyuan kuwaifu company in malaysia said that it was asked to immediately withdraw its corpse from shanghai , and that the large cabbage of the malaysian cabbage was transported from shanghai to malaysia .
the guansheng garden is a golden temple in hong kong by calling the crown sang garden , which said that the hong kong food safety center had taken a large amount of white rabbit sugar samples from hong kong .
the company has received a total of 160 applications from the hong kong china resources management company limited for its decision to resume the sale of large leftover sugar in hong kong .
it is understood that the container control center of the shanghai port , which was once a large curtain of white rabbit , has gradually resumed exports .
at present , seven containers are being used for the storage of cable dairy in singapore .
us manufacturing of british hosts of bombs
london , july 26 ( xinhua ) british police announced on july 26 that the creation of a british trosta over - sized city threat in mid - july was a key case in the clerk of castle county in lanjisi .
police said that the man was called a golden age of prosperity .
on 14 july , a small town was found in the city of jishuitan , a country with more than 100 foreign - funded enterprises that were forced to suspend business for 14 days due to a threat of bomb .
the tuantua among british people was a peak period of purchasing arms . at that time , 14 enterprises were closed to the british community , the largest city of lakes , which caused the loss of most income from sales .
the british police then made a further investigation into the bombing threat , and arrested the suspect .
( sports ) the overlap is a great pleasure for the beijing olympic games , a bad monster of the golden triangle .
beijing , july 28 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to host the olympic games next year , which will last until august , a wet and dry city in beijing .
by changing the flower and other technological means , researchers have found the best way to increase the color of the olympic games .
on 28 august , a gathering of experts from the beijing olympic temple , a golden summer variety , and application research projects were held . the experts concluded that the olympic winter olympic species was a " golden week " and that it was a natural flower period . different types of species or species could be opened for business during the same period of the summer .
in beijing summer , usually only one dozen or so kinds of grand celebrations , most of them are late or decay , or even go far far beyond the level of a corn .
after working hard , scientific research personnel selected the summer olympic hosts of 206 species of various species of variety .
at the haidian park in beijing , the 2007 olympic games demonstration was held .
us , turkey win ruling party 's parliamentary election
xinhua news agency report of july 30th from changsha ( by staff reporter wang jian ) - the election commission of the 23rd parliament election in turkey showed that the ruling justice and development party won 550 seats , and the ruling party won 341 seats , which once again won the right to hold a party .
on 22 july , at the parliamentary election , the main opposition party , the republican people 's party , won a seat .
the national action party has won 71 seats in the election .
apart from the three political parties mentioned above , 26 other heavyweights were elected .
the new parliament will be formed in august .
at the meeting , all members will be sworn in and begin to perform their duties .
after that , the parliament will vote through a persian method .
the turkish parliament election was originally scheduled to be held in november , but at the end of april , the opposition parties were not satisfied with the only candidate who is a just cause and the vice - premier and the development party 's foreign minister , resulting in the presidential election being defeated , and the parliamentary election was held ahead of schedule .
