white house urges dprk to send nuclear inspectors to monitor nuclear reactor
the white house today called for the deployment of nuclear inspectors to monitor north korea 's closure of its nuclear reactor , following us president bush 's telephone conversation with south korean president roh moo - hyun .
" tony blair , spokesman for the white house national security council , said that the two leaders discussed today the possibility of us - south korea cooperation on north - south nuclear issues , and hoped that iaea personnel would return to north korea soon to supervise north korea 's nuclear reactor operations and the closure of the nuclear reactor .
cheao pointed out that the two presidents also expressed their " strong welcome " to the us - south korea free trade agreement signed yesterday , and will make efforts to ensure that the two countries ' congress ratify this agreement .
experts believe that the plutonium produced in pyongyang in the past 20 years is sufficient to produce 12 nuclear weapons .
us special envoy to the six - party talks christopher hill said after his nuclear visit last week that he expected the reactor in yongbyon would be closed in mid - july .
forty - three killed in rainy weather in western india
a rainstorm hit western india on the weekend , causing serious flooding in some areas . routes in western india 's metropolitan city were suspended at home and abroad .
rescue officials said today that 43 people were killed in the explosion .
the monsoon , which brings about a rainstorm , often leads to a population of one billion in india , a flood in the country , which has a population of 1.1 billion , and even causes casualties .
half of the killed in the devastating rainfalls were drowned or killed by floods , and other buildings or rushes were touched by .
the financial center of india was also affected .
on 29 march , there were no tribute to rushes , but there was no demolition .
according to the chief executive , al-zarqawi , there were 13 deaths in solo .
city government officials called on residents to stay away from the streets before a bit of heavy rain to protect their own safety .
the rain slightly last day , most areas still flooded today .
nearly 500 killed in floods in india
according to officials and media reports , there will be no trace of death due to haze rain in india this year .
according to the report , the indian press trust , quoted kadan , head of the government 's reconstruction office , has been in various provinces of india since then , resulting in casualties and economic losses in various areas . india 's no . 1 city is located in krasha , india 's no . 1 major city . at present , the death toll is as high as 330 .
the report pointed out that qadan was a tyrant while inspecting the ruins and made the above statement to reporters from the media .
he said that at the same time , india 's largest cotton producing area , banyan , is the largest cotton producing area in india , with 27 cities and towns affected by the serious flooding of some 400 hectares of rubber , and more than 10,000 disaster victims were saved by the safe harvest .
india 's entire territory has moved from south to north , and began entering various provinces a week ago . residents of various provinces all felt a long battle of drought and greeted haze and rain , but unexpectedly there was an unexpected ferocious rain , a natural disaster , a highway flower , a low - lying area , and a traffic condition was paralyzed by the nearly 500 people who have been killed by the statistics of the number of deaths caused by the misfortune of 500
wimbledon tennis georgia 's disney naedad stepped into the final .
today , spanish king nanna , spain 's hongtu heavenly king , has a special impact on the zhouzhukovic in the zhangzhoumo battle , the competition that kokovic had no way of going back to battle due to injury . the final of the final will be bumped into , and will fight against the champion of the french team in the swiss world by dufle in the chin competition for the french champion of
georgovic had a record in the 16 th and eight matches during the matches to call the guard to treat his back injuries . he beat the ball to the third set today and was bubble due to the bubble in the foot of the trench . later , he consciously could not hold back the injury and then decided to abandon the competition .
the fourth - seeded georgovic , which originally left six - to - six - one lead second - seeded naji , a lead over six - third lead .
apart from the hot aircraft at the start of the naha race , the first time the heat was broken , the third set was not affected , and the second half of the battle was leading .
satellite shows iran 's tunnel to be used to protect nuclear equipment
the us think tank science and international security institute reported today that commercial satellites show that iran is conducting uranium enrichment activities near nadez uranium facilities , probably to test the nuclear fuel cycle when the air attack is underway .
these brush , formed by the united states ' ju de [ name as transliterated ] company on june 11 , and published the list of names on the scientific and international security research institute website .
the research institute is located in washington , dc , a non - profit research group .
+ hul shows that only one kilometer south of the natanz facility is carrying out road construction along the mountain , and the facility is a uranium enrichment factory .
analysts , osahet and brown , pointed out in a report that the tunnel entrance is not clear , but the road is not as clear as the first tunnel is connected to a tunnel facility , while the other road may also go to the tunnel entrance .
they said that a tunnel in this way would be built during the air raid .
iran takes strong attitude in nuclear talks
the united nations agency of international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) today held talks with iranian officials to try to defuse the nuclear standoff that has been formed in iran 's nuclear program .
however , iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad , under the increasing pressure of further un sanctions , still stubbornly resisted .
iran will not stop uranium enrichment activities , but welcomes this latest talks .
he said : the mechanic installation of the rushes can slow down or speed up , which is an issue of implementation , but no one should expect us to give up our rights , and we will not stop this direction .
he made the above statement after arriving at hainorbu .
the purpose of haining 's visit is to formulate a plan to solve the problems triggered by iran 's nuclear program .
the un failed to freeze uranium enrichment work and imposed two sets of sanctions on iran .
according to reports by iran 's news agency , heinine and vajpayee , the supreme council for security affairs of iran , were holding talks with officials headed by vaidi , assistant president of the supreme council for international affairs .
the iranian working group on the talks also includes the deputy chairman of the atomic energy organization , sery and ambassador to the international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) , soltaniye .
wuxi east asian province to set up new government in east china
palestinian authorities have banned the holy city of naja , a month - old jewelry , from the + xisa corridor , but were soon ordered to take charge of the newly elected government .
agriculture and social affairs minister habachi told afp that prime minister al-fatah had submitted his resignation to abbas , and the chairman was accepted , and also asked him to handle the new cabinet government headed by abbas .
abbas ' an mume told afp that fayad had submitted his proposal , but abbas ordered him to carry out his current duties until he was under the new government .
the most respected economist , fayed by the french , is only a procedural resignation , which will not shake his position as prime minister .
france and yad have led an emergency cabinet of palestine since the 17 th last month to implement abbas 's commands after his violent massacre in sri lanka .
according to the basic law of the palestinian autonomous government , the autonomy assembly shall not exceed 30 days unless the basic law of the palestinian autonomous government is endorsed by the parliament , but the autonomous parliament has now been paralyzed .
the government 's authorization for emergency has expired today .
wto delegates to new round of wto talks to break doha round impasse
the world trade organization ( wto ) 's major negotiators today proposed a big reduction in us subsidies to agriculture , and developing countries to cut tariffs on imports of industrial products in order to break the impasse in the doha round of trade negotiations .
the official said that the new acronyms for the draft resolution requires that the us subsidies for agriculture be reduced to $ 200 million each year from the current $ 100.00 to $ 200 million . the central countries will reduce the tariff rate on industrial imports to below the subsidies for imports .
the proposal was aimed at breaking the stalemate in the doha round negotiations over the past six years and bringing about a compromise agreement among wto member groups .
wto secretary general lan said that these proposals were either nonexistent or not because the goals were set at a balanced and fair and rational basis for the agreement .
lamy said : the member states are not completely satisfied with the contents of the proposal , but at present there are less than a consensus on the issue of differences .
he called for intensive negotiations in the next few weeks .
the impact of the earthquake on the zero - scale production of the sun - class automobile plant ,
earthquake jolting earthquake hit japan this week , causing a shortage of automobiles , including zero - coated vehicles and japanese - made auto manufacturers , said today that they will even suspend domestic automobile production .
japanese company 's ruthless , 68.8 earthquake , and zero car manufacturers were forced to suspend their operations in tokyo prefecture because of this , affecting the operation of the car factory .
the world 's best car dealer , a female spokesperson said that the domestic car production will be suspended from tonight to 21 june .
nissan spokesman nishikawa said that from the day after the day of the day , two factories in japan 's three factories will suspend some production operations and will reassess the situation during the weekend .
he said that both factories had two sets of factories , one of which would be affected , but the company might have increased the number of shifts next month to make up for the backward production progress .
suzuki said that some production will be suspended in three days starting from tomorrow , and the production of the fu xiang company in japan , which will suspend production of the bus , will also suspend production of small cars starting tomorrow and will assess the situation on the 21st .
hei motor said that it may suspend some supply of the + zero supply next week .
the earthquake caused at least 10 deaths and injuries to several hundred houses , several hundred homes , and even forced the factories in the disaster area to stop .
clandestine buyout , indonesia cancels british bag
according to huo today , due to the earlier rush in hong kong this month , indonesia has canceled the sale of british jewellery .
the rudi rudi rudi , which is located at the indonesian square in the high - consumption district , said that in view of the incident in hong kong , we canceled environmental - friendly bags activities in the city .
if the public had to wait for a 140,000 rupees ( about nt $ 40,000 ) worth of money ) , a big kangche , then it would not have the price worth .
huo hong kong people gathered outside the sales firm on the 6 th to prepare to purchase the british + niachai " ifi " , a design that i did not have a " red " -- it is not a " red - bag " , but the shopkeeper refused to set off the touchery .
this fine try to replace the bags with environmental protection as the pursuit , but it is unexpectedly that one day in london and new york has become a popular index , leading to purchase and auction websites ' rush ' on the zero price has flown several times to zero price .
the only thing in indonesia , namely , the controlling stockpiling of the company , said that it was uncertain whether or not it would sell the products in a few days .
when the hostage crisis is taking care of south korea , direct talks on the issue of hostage crisis
afghan organizations kidnapped 23 south korean hostages and set a deadline today for the withdrawal of south korea from afghanistan , otherwise the hostages would be killed .
with the end of time by 1 second , the situation has developed positively . south korean officials held talks with the organization for the first time today .
however , at the same time , the organization said that the other german hostage was very weak and began to fall into the category of misunderstanding .
hezbollah called on germany and south korea to withdraw their troops from afghanistan and demanded that these hostages exchange 33 guerillas detained by the afghan government .
" the spokesman said in an interview with afp by phone at an unknown location that the chinese side had direct contact with south korean representatives through tribal elder .
armitage said that we hope that the talks will produce results .
huo dunqing set the deadline at 1030 local time ( 0230 gmt ) , and will start killing south korean hostages at one go .
huo has already been extended for two times .
prc fm spokesman : south korean , south korean military talks dispersed
since each side has its own interpretation of the territorial waters , the three - day high - level military talks between the south and the north koreas have dispersed in discord today .
at the talks held in panju , border city , the last day of the talks entered the agenda today . kim jung - chol , the north 's chief representative , said : we have reached a conclusion that we no longer need any talks that do not have any results .
the face was clearly unpleasant to kim jung - chol , who attacked south korea and deliberately cut off the territory of the sun hai , to replace the original northern limit line discussion .
he pointed out that the nose was not legal .
the north + line of the + xuan line was built after the us military completed the 1953 korean war , but it has become the focus of controversy between the two koreas in recent years , and north korea even refused to recognize it .
north korea said that south korean militants intruded into the waters of the area , causing tension , and south korea claimed that the accusation was groundless .
clashes broke out in the local waters in june 1999 , causing dozens of north korean crew members .
similar clashes again occurred in june 2002 , and six south koreans were unfortunately killed .
us finance minister arrives in china for environmental protection , exchange rate
us secretary of treasury powell arrived in china yesterday for a visit , and the united states is doing its utmost to persuade china to further carry out necessary economic reform and environmental protection work , especially the renminbi exchange rate issue that has attracted much attention .
us diplomats said that powell first went to the qinghai province of northwest china 's gansu province .
china currently is carrying out a series of environmental protection plans near the tuliang lake .
powell today left for beijing to discuss with chinese officials in charge the implementation of the strategic economic dialogue mechanism between the united states and china last year .
the dialogue on strategic economic issues between the united states and china mainly discussed such topics as economic environmental protection , but the most important thing is the issue of the renminbi exchange rate , and us congressmen believe that renminbi should be under - valued .
the us - china trade deficit is now fast , the pressure within the united states is gradually rising , and congressmen are preparing to take retaliatory action to counter their so - called china unfair trade policy .
last week , the us senate finance committee passed a bill , demanding that the treasury department say that it is a gross miscalculation of the currency exchange rate to open a door for economic sanctions against beijing .
us congressmen said that the undervaluation of the rmb has caused the price of goods sold by china to the united states to be very serious , aggravating the imbalance in us - china trade , and last year the us trade deficit with china reached $ 2.5 billion .
muqi said that before he was 60 , he would withdraw completely from the capital city
starting from the + qinhang , muznico has been speculating in the media in the future , but like in the past , the portuguese stressed again that he would stay in spain this summer .
some newspapers listed the 14 new handsome shots in the west but i will stay in xisi , mujino , a famous mountain in xisi .
musino reiterated that he hoped to pick up the pope of the portuguese team in the day he would really like to continue his education . i believe that there is always a very hope for the portuguese football association to hire me as the master master .
however , the 44 - year - old mulio does not intend to contribute all his life to soccer , and he said he would retire before 60 years old . he did not want to be like bobergerson and fagen . he would do it in the year of the year .
i have already promised my wife , i will not be as bad as russell and fragson , who has been teaching until 70 years old .
mu limi , 60 , i thought , completely ruined my sports field .
i have too many things that i cannot do now , waiting for me to do , um .
i do n't want to become a football advisor or or technical director , such as barbado or sakki .
i do n't want to play such a role .
i do n't want to be the chairman of a club , i just want to have a thorough soccer game , but i am sorry muhe stressed .
( qi liang )
wang bing in hongsheng village , hongdong , shanxi , tried the " jiujun bao " case .
in july , under the concern of the public , the jiuquan city intermediate people 's court held a first - instance judgment on the case of cao shengvillage , wang shengjun village , guanting town , guangshengdian county , shanxi province , in the first trial .
many media outlets in china are paying attention to the progress of the case .
some reporters were unable to enter the scene for coverage because of the rather cautious local departments .
currently , + it is still going on .
according to a staff member of the linfen city intermediate people 's court , if the trial is smooth , it is estimated that the day will end .
however , it is still unclear whether he can be sentenced to a court .
at about 09:00 , a reporter noticed that a passageway was quiet outside the gate of the linfen city intermediate court .
perhaps , i feel worried about the possibility of the acronym activities in the court .
i am sure that the law will be fair and just .
a elderly man who had walked there was a sign of honor for himself .
earlier , news from hongdong county confirmed that the accused wang bing 's father , cao shengbao , former party branch secretary of cao shengvillage , had been dismissed from his post as a deputy to the people 's congress according to law .
before this , wang dongju had a relatively small number of suspected law - breaking problems in a villager 's black bandian case . he was dismissed from the post of secretary of the village party branch and expelled from the party .
the case of black brick kilns in shanxi , which was triggered by the wang bing 's gang 's case , once attracted attention both at home and abroad , and the central authorities issued a directive demanding strict investigation .
the two sides reached an agreement on cooperation in light industry and underground resources development
chinanews , july 8 - chinanews . com
the dprk and the rok held talks on 7 june on cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources .
under the agreement , south korea will provide the dprk with the raw materials for producing light industrial products such as garments , etc. the dprk will grant some domestic mining rights to south korea .
according to a report by the japan - based delivery association , south korea and north korea held a three - day meeting in kaesong on cooperation in light industry and underground resources development , and reached an agreement in the end .
under the agreement , south korea will sell some garments and some raw materials for production of xiangyin soap to north korea , with a total value of 994 .
in this regard , the dprk will grant the right to exploit three nuclear blocks at home to the rok .
the south korean government will use a humanitarian aid package from the western city of renchuan on july 25 to deliver the first batch of 500 tons of contractual supplies to north korea .
according to the plan , beginning 28 july , south korea and north korea will jointly conduct investigation on eastern north korea .
south korean government begins to activate a 400,000 - ton aid program for north korea .
after the dprk indicated that it was willing to actively implement the agreement reached by six countries , including the closing of nuclear facilities , economic cooperation between the dprk and the rok has become more active again .
lanzhou bureau of commodity prices explained the price limits of beef , and the price was only increased by a big margin .
chinanews , lanzhou , july 10 ( the huang party )
this afternoon , lanzhou city bureau of commodity prices invited relevant departments to a forum on the issue of price limits for cattle .
at the press conference , the ju and other departments jointly issued a paper limit , which was mainly due to the excessive price increase in the face of the cattle - related price , which exceeded the tolerance level of the common residents .
it is reported that the meat price increase this time has increased by 20 % , and data statistics show that since the early 1980 s , the nutox price in lanzhou has risen for the first time , the fastest and the biggest increase has been recorded .
" the government 's conduct is to take into account the economic capability of ordinary residents in the region , and the maximum price set for the exit is to be investigated after the cost is determined , " said the director of the commodities bureau of lanzhou city .
on 26 february , the lanzhou city bureau of commodity prices , including the bureau of industry and commerce , the health bureau , and four other departments jointly imposed the highest price limit on the meat price , and the release of the news aroused strong concern .
it is understood that the purpose of the forum was to extensively listen to the opinions of various circles and to solicit opinions and suggestions on specific management measures for the next step out of taiwan , and it is also disclosed that lanzhou will hold a news conference tomorrow .
this will be the first meeting held in lanzhou city on the price increase in the cow meat .
prc : tibet party committee to suspend business in rural areas
chinanews , july 11 according to a report from the website , on 9 july , the jiu autonomous region government decided to suspend its activities in china .
the order of punishment shows that the china association for promoting regional development has committed one illegal act : collecting fees in superstandard ; second , using a peasant household to collect other fees from non - members .
investigation shows that the standard for the + xuan membership of the + qiliang unit is 22,000 yuan per year . from june to february 2007 , a total of 20 units opened sorty to over 20 units . except for a unit member , he collected 21,000 yuan from the rest . the rest of the units , and the fees collected by the remaining households were about 80,000 yuan , which included the management fee to the organ of the organization , and the fees collected by the relevant organizations .
according to article 33 of the " regulations on registration and management of social organizations , " the party concerned must give a deadline for terminating activities within three months .
the rok government hopes to speed up the process of denuclearization on the peninsula through six - party talks
chinanews , july 12 according to a report by the rok union news agency , the rok government has expressed its strong dissatisfaction with the meeting of the delegation heads to the six - party talks , which will start in beijing on july 18 .
a spokesman for the ministry of foreign affairs and trade of the republic of korea [ rok ] said in a commentary on 12 june that he hopes that at this meeting of the delegation leaders , the talks will discuss the measures for ending the initial stage and implementing the next phase measures as soon as possible , and the specific talks between the foreign ministers of the six - party talks , so as to accelerate the process of the korean peninsula 's denuclearization .
the commentary also said that as the core of the dprk nuclear issue , the chinese government will continue to play a constructive role in achieving a nuclear - free korean peninsula at a rapid and satisfactory pace , and will cooperate closely with relevant countries .
officials revealed that the beijing olympic games can be expected to top the number of participating countries and regions
chinanews , july 16 . com
according to xinhua news agency , wang shilin , deputy director of the international division of the beijing olympic organizing committee , revealed on 14 june that the beijing olympic organizing committee will issue a circular to the 205 ioc members on bidding for the olympic games .
he said : if nothing unexpected happens , the beijing olympic games will be the largest ever olympic games ever participated in by countries and regions in history .
the report says that from 10 to 12 june , wang shilin , on behalf of the beijing olympic organizing committee , briefed the panamanian sports organization conference on the progress of the beijing olympic games , including preparations for building a contingency plan , arrangements for building a transportation system , and arrangements for building a heavenly kings .
wang said that the leaders of the pan - american sports organization ( pan - american ) member countries and regions have shown great enthusiasm for participating in the beijing olympic games , and all 42 members have confirmed that they will attend the olympic committee delegations ' meeting to be held in beijing next month .
it is reported that at the meeting , the ioc will , together with the beijing olympic organizing committee , formally invite the 205 ioc members to attend the 2008 olympic games .
( gao peng , yang limin )
wang yan 's wound improved , " insisting on ' sitting on a stool stool and restoring the muscle - power at the upper limbs "
huo yan has already been able to sit on the stool , but she is not too long , and she will feel a headache . yesterday , wu xizhen , director of the zhejiang sports bureau 's jiaodian center , told the reporter that ,
wang yan 's injury in the competition has continued to improve , among which , the left - right muscle was recovering more than 10 days ago , and the hike of two - category massacres was also upgraded .
this month , wang yan , wang yan , from the six hospitals in shanghai , transferred to the special ward for severe acute respiratory syndrome . her right lime muscle power was 2 to 3 , and her left upper limb muscle was 1 .
in the past half a month , wang yan 's upper limb muscle has already improved further .
doctors said wang yan 's magnitude above 4 , more than the normal level of 5 .
in other words , in less than half a month , wang yan 's upper limb has restored the magic at the two levels .
wang yan , who was previously in hospital , had been able to hold a five - minute sit in the bed with the help of a doctor .
hospital rehabilitation experts originally planned to let wang yan receive medical treatment under the protection of the rehabilitation bed at the end of last week .
however , according to wang yan 's current recovery , the rehabilitation training had to be postponed temporarily .
wu xilun said that wang yan 's current exercise mainly consists of sitting on a chopper , but she could still sit on a stool , but the time is still too long . reporter wang qizhong ( reporter wang qigong ) is exercise .
venezuelan president says hijacking of high - ranking civil service pay
chinanews , july 23 - according to a comprehensive report , president venezuela made a speech on 22 july regarding venezuela 's domestic and foreign policies .
he said that a substantial reduction in senior civil service pay would be made .
he also said that if foreigners in venezuela attack the venezuelan government , they will face serious consequences and be expelled from the country .
the case has ordered government officials to closely monitor foreigners ' statements during their visit to venezuela and find any person who openly criticizes him or the venezuelan government to expel him from the country .
in a televised speech on the evening of 22 june , he said that venezuela cannot tolerate a foreign - run run to his house and ask for a paean .
in his speech , he also pointed out that the government would cut the wages of senior civil servants by a large margin .
he said that the highest salary of a venezuelan civil servant is not more than $ 1.00 per month .
it is reported that in venezuela , some poor people 's monthly income is still some us dollars .
the government has already decided to cut civil service pay in latin america , and has won support from the broad masses of the people .
the leaders of peru and the + guerrilla countries have all cut their salaries .
the devil also said that cuban leader castro reminded him to pay attention to the actions commanded by the us side .
he said that carter presented a letter to him , a former director of the central committee of the united states , to a memoir , please look at all kinds of secret sorties at the cia .
prc military experts ' opinion on taiwan 's ' three represents ' beijing ,
last night beijing time , the international motor movement council held a special hearing on the french - speaking espionage case in paris . the summoned mai kai wheel ran off a lookout : the council decided not to conduct an investigation on mai kai for the time being .
the official website of the international motor company ( itu ) issued a statement after the hearing , saying that the zhoufu , mai kai , musiad , owns a secret information from fatalili , but at present there is no sufficient evidence to show that these data were not used to be used in the international motor club primary one championships , and therefore will not be punished by the order of a penal .
however , the farry technical espionage case has not been included in this case .
the council also said in the decision that if the case is discovered in fallout , it will be used to damage the championship if the relevant information from falle is used in the championships . we reserves the right to request mai kai to resume hearings at the auto sports council . at that time , they may face the punishment for cancellation of their qualification for participation in the 2007 or even 2008 competition .
before the mai kai wheel , the former designer of the maiden wheel , cohen , was found to have held nearly 800 pages of fafari technical documents , including the design power of the charloe ryan ryan , the design power of the chariot , the construction of the basin 2007 testing and development of the qimai inspection and operation .
before the demolition , the mai kai and the coaching team did not know the information from others . the mai kai wheel did not have any fatty spot at the original train .
( wang yuan )
experts believe that the electron magic insurance will not divert the domestic stock market funds in the short term .
chinanews , july 30 .
according to a report by china securities news , the " interim procedures on the management of foreign investment for insurance funds " were promulgated a few days ago , and insurance funds have a broader space for use in the capital market .
liu lefei , chief investment officer of china 's huanju company , said that the appreciation of the rmb and the good development of the domestic capital market will not be large - scale foreign investment , and this also means that insurance will not be dispersed to domestic stock markets in the short term .
the report says many insurance institutions hold the same view .
experts say that since there is no such thing as the renminbi market , insurance institutions are not yet capable of taking risky measures , the time for large - scale foreign exchange purchase is not yet ripe .
liu lefei said : in the long run , in the aspect of asset allocation , foreign investment should hold a certain proportion in the overall arrangement of insurance companies .
however , in view of the current high pressure on the appreciation of the rmb , china will mainly use its own foreign exchange funds to invest abroad .
as for foreign exchange purchases and foreign investment , we should be cautious in dealing with them .
( still qi )
prc 's yunnan province reports losses in flood prevention , drought control this year
the reporter learned from the state flood prevention and drought control headquarters that up to july , there were 18,800 mu of rushes affected by the drought , 54.14 - million mu of which were caused by natural disasters , 652 people died from the disaster , 45.00 percent of which were in the category of houses , and 55.5 million yuan in direct losses .
the arable land nationwide has a total area of 140 - million mu , which is a remote area of some 400 - million mu , but is still not yet settled due to drought .
in july , the state flood prevention and drought control headquarters immediately made arrangements in light of the current grim situation in flood prevention and drought control .
the headquarters for flood prevention and drought relief in various provinces along the huai he and the headquarters for flood prevention have been strengthened , and the flood prevention work has been effectively safeguarded , thus scoring a comprehensive victory in flood prevention .
the state flood prevention and drought control headquarters and other departments have sent three work groups to inspect flood prevention and drought control areas separately .
currently , the flood prevention work is being carried out in an orderly manner , and the flood discharge work is normal . the huaihong river , the huaihe river , henan , anhui , jiangsu , jiangsu , is still under construction .
i was n't in a serious danger .
in accordance with the plan , provinces such as heilongjiang , jiangxi , etc. , have responded to the emergency in fighting drought , and the drought - fighting work is being carried out in an intense and orderly manner .
( reporter zhao yongping )
chen shui - bian covertly denies and demands that the " judicial yuan " to explain this .
chinanews , july 30 chen shui - bian questioned on 30 july the possibility of judicial personnel on the island trying to get involved in the taiwan region 's leader election .
taiwan 's wuhang judicial institution 's administrative structure is high on the same day , and the current behavior of the island 's judges is not in conformity with what chen shui - bian said , and he also asked chen shui - bian to give an explanation of his statement .
according to a report by taiwan 's " ci ju " [ name as transliterated ] , chen shui - bian questioned the judge or investigation officer on 30 june , but he intervened in a campaign called " a referendum " because of political factors or election considerations . he even attempted to influence the campaign activities of various candidates of the political parties , saying that he hoped this phenomenon would not exist in taiwan , but that it might be very difficult .
in response to chen shui - bian 's question , taiwanese judicial premier jung yue does not respond to the call , but secretary general fan guangqun is still talking about the judicial affairs of the high representative office .
gao jinzhi said : the basic law and the code of conduct of judges in taiwan all explicitly declared that judges should go beyond the party 's political parties and should not participate in party activities or help in the election . the judge was very cautious in observing relevant restrictions . he believed that judges would be very good at doing judicial work .
gao jinchi pointed out that gao zhiliang , a judge at the gaoxiong district , took part in the kaida school training several years ago . because the relevant training courses were of political parties , the judge 's self - discipline committee made a resolution .
at one time , zhang shengxi wanted to take part in a dpp election because he was taking over his position and was also involved in a controversy about taking part in the election .
gao jinzhi maintained that if a case is tried by a few cases , it is not possible to rule out by the judgment alone , and it is not possible to judge the judge 's victory by just relying on the outcome of the trial .
germany to lower import threshold for professional talent
xinhua news agency , july 1 , berlin ( by wang huaicheng )
german education and scientific research minister shavo said the other day that germany should reduce its " contingency plan " on the restrictions on foreign professional personnel . by increasing the introduction of foreign personnel , germany should solve the problem of professional talent in germany .
according to the oecd report , germany 's labor force from 15 to 64 will decrease year by year .
if there is no enough migration , then the labor force in 20-06 will decrease by 6.0 percent compared with the present .
however , the german employers ' federation and the german engineers association reported that engineers ' professional skills were relatively well known in germany 's labor market .
according to statistics from the german federal labor bureau , in may this year , about 1.2727 million workers were employed in germany 's labor market , and about 9,600 technicians provided rubber services .
in order to protect the employment of their own people , germany has set a higher threshold for the introduction of foreign talent .
germany 's " che fa " stipulates that non - eu professional personnel are not allowed to work in germany less than 85,000 euros , otherwise they cannot be granted the permission to work and residence in germany .
shamela suggested that this limit be lowered to the original level to reach still the euro .
prc scholar says falungong not to practice superstition laws ;
the " law on lawyers " recently submitted to the npc standing committee for examination and approval stipulates in article 8 that lawyers who once engaged in specialized work such as legal studies and teaching , and who possess advanced or similar professional standards , applied for practising as lawyers , shall be examined and approved by the judicial administrative departments of the state council and be allowed to practise their profession .
( june 28 , " china " )
there is a theoretical circle , but there is no need to separate legal systems from the management of the actual operation field . the former includes legal teaching and research work , and the latter is more engaged in legal legal proceedings , legal consultations , legal service , and other specific behaviors .
for a long time , there exists a certain gap between legal experts , theoretical experts , and practical work units . for a long time , there is a phenomenon of lacking necessary manpower and management skills , and the theory is a mechanic rule .
the legal system can do so with such division of labor , but not by providing support to any party .
however , the controlling stockpiling of the " law of lawyers " has objectively recognized the legal profession , which is higher than the legal profession . the judgment is that the legal profession is not a legal profession .
in fact , some experts engaged in such purely theoretical research and teaching activities as legal systems , international laws , and so on , have been closely linked to the legal practice .
in this way , the + xuan [ name as transliterated ] legal system has no doubt created an extremely bad influence on the legal affairs circles ' qualification for the work is no doubt a bad guy .
superstition in the theoretical circle is not just like these , for example , experts and experts have often been debating about the possibility of rejecting court verdicts , but is also a direct manifestation of this superstition .
china encourages chinese ships to fly on
staff reporter feng lei
according to a briefing given by the state council , beginning 1 july this year , china will implement a special registration policy for international shipping vessels to encourage the hanging of chinese - funded vessels back to china to register their ships and then to register as ships of the people 's republic of china .
in order to further promote the healthy development of china 's maritime transport industry and strengthen the country 's maritime transport industry , the ministry has recently decided to extend the floating scope of vessels registered and flying foreign flag in view of the relevant problems arising from china 's international shipping vessels ' activities in the overseas shipping market . the ministry of communications recently issued a " notice on the policy of registration of vessels special shipping cases " . it has also made clear that it is necessary to enjoy the policy conditions and application procedures for
the application for vessels can be selected from shanghai , tianjin , tianjin , tianjin , to handle the registration procedures for ships registered .
britain lowers terror attack and welcomes dispatching troops
xinhua news agency , july 5 , london ( by guo lin )
the british government has reduced the number of terrorist attacks from the highest level to the serious level , which indicates that the terrorist attacks in britain will not happen , but there is still possibility that the attacks will still be killed .
at present , the british police have shifted the investigation scope to india and australia .
since the eight arrested terrorist attack suspects are working in the medical system , the government will give a full - time evaluation of the background of migrants who have entered the medical system .
it is reported that nearly one - third of people working in britain 's public health system are overseas .
the prime minister also asked to investigate high - tech migrants ' background , and employers or relevant organizations will be asked to provide background information about these migrants .
hollow , let merchants get impatient .
the downward trend of tourism is the loose one , the most comfortable one is the natural civilization of the country and society .
however , many people have experienced such worries when they travel in the country , and some are being dragged by traders and intermediary business .
whether it is a car or a train , the truck has to encounter some small traders ' death penalty with no - license intermediaries .
it is not selling off the banyan jade cakes , and it is selling newspapers and periodicals , and then introducing the intermediary catering service butter and drink , even the false prayer .
if you do n't accept it , he can chase you for several hundred meters , and it is very unsuccessful that he will become benevolent .
in some storms , many of them have the same feeling .
before entering the gate , some people came to the foot of the river or some other things , such as the mountain , the little flower , or the little , or the little , the other .
after entering the house , this situation will be even more , and no matter how good yaxing is , it is also exposed to the bad .
some media reports said that many foreign tourists who visited xian were very appreciative of the monuments there , but they were allowed to have more hiding peddlers everywhere .
including the turtle of the rushes , which are like the wind , the wind , the wind , and the flower , should be civilized , orderly , harmonious , and harmonious , and give a graceful environment to the heart .
the free flow of traders , stirring up the grievances , objectively destroying these public order , and forming a pollution and a pollution caused by the pollution of the environment . at the same time , it also provides objective conditions and conditions for the market .
what is important is that these grass - roots units are the windows for the building of spiritual civilization in the locality . what they are damaged is not only the image issue , but also the impact on local economic development .
just think , if you want to make the tourism industry strong , you will use this kind of chaotic and mess tourist environment to greet the guests coming from the south and north . who is willing to come , who dares to come ?
how can your tourism economy obtain benefits ?
with the peak tourist season coming , a civilized city has been created for tourists from the north and south . it should be said that it is a top priority task .
hey is not a market , the business behavior of the peddlers of small business firms should be standardized , operations without a license should be resolutely cancelled , and illegal activities should be resolutely cracked down on .
only a civilized and orderly environment can make it happy to come , go back , and flourish again .
one sentence , do n't let the traders take it hard .
prc scholar says no reward for taiwan 's reform on its own initiative
the construction of xizang street in dongcheng district , beijing , used as a method to distribute electricity to the 12 households that have retired from insurance .
( " xin jing bao " 10 july )
i am glad to see the improvement of these families ' lives , but i still have some opinions on the proposal of voluntarily withdrawing back from the original family . there is also a complicated practice of awarding the residents .
jiuxiang city cpc committee deputy director said that in view of such problems as the arbitrary defrauding of minimum guarantee , encouraging the dismissal of insurance on a voluntary basis is a model that other households should set for the low insurance burden .
this example would encourage other low - income people to extricate themselves from their difficulties through their own efforts , and it would indeed be worthwhile to encourage those low - income people to defraud through deception if they were to use this to save them .
in the work of differentiating and sorting out low - income households , the law is more dependent on them .
the departments concerned should strengthen the responsibility of the minimum guarantee households to fulfill their obligations when enjoying the minimum guarantee : if they report the changes in their family members and income , report their employment situation , and accept regular reexamination , then the departments concerned should intensify their supervision and inspection .
after all , it is not the long - term plan to withdraw from the law .
the neighborhood commendation for retired families is made by who buried their contracts .
as a first - level government organization , the streets are charged with the expenditure of the funds .
the taxpayer should not have flower .
on the one hand , the families that withdrew from the minimum guarantee have proved that they have certain self - sufficiency ability , and on the other hand , do they still not still have the ability to apply for low protection ?
the government financial appropriations , which are called life - saving money , should be provided with charcoal in the snow , not in the brocade .
liu , who is willing to serve as a service person , is even more
on 10 july , the first public opinion poll conducted in jiulan town in jiuji township , xindu district , throughout the country , liu gangyi accepted democratic opinions for the fourth time after assuming office . the rate of satisfaction at the head office reached 97.7 percent .
during the talks between reporters and liu gangyi , liu guanyi defined himself as a service member .
( yesterday 's " beijing news " )
liu gangyi 's service for the accountant may be more than the appointment of some cadres , who serve the service , but it is more true and even more convincing .
the most important thing in the system of directly electing cadres is the decision by ordinary party members on the source of power , and the latter is mainly determined by higher - level organization and appointment , and the direction of the source of power , which determines that the former must put the responsibility for the people in the first place .
the source of power and the responsibility to whom are the fundamental factors determining how the candidate will carry out his work .
some people doubt that this kind of democracy , the still more like a demonstration of democracy , is like a hill .
my view is that there is such a democracy , which is better than not .
given the history and current situation of democratic political construction at the grassroots level in china , i believe that the promotion of direct elections is a major breakthrough , and democracy is a major component part of the primary democratic system , which should not be underestimated in promoting the building of democratic politics at the grassroots level .
india may choose first female presidential analyst , saying that the possibility of his election is quite high , and that the woman voters hope to raise their status as women .
on 23 june , the " selected candidate of the chha chou " was selected in front of the presidential candidate 's document .
the curtain of the indian presidential election began on 19 july . the new president will be elected by the current vice president sheikh kawatt and the newly - appointed deputy president of raja prasad state .
parche is the first female presidential candidate in indian history . if she is elected , she will become india 's first female president .
paol is the presidential candidate of the ruling national congress party , while shevardat is from the opposition people 's party .
because the congress party holds a leading position in the presidential election , media and the people are busy running , the possibility of being elected is quite high .
the 72 - year - old girl was named " la praya state female governor " .
she has rich experience in serving as a deputy to the national assembly , and she has been warmly welcomed by the government during her term as the president of the lagar state .
she also devoted herself to social welfare , and was the honorary chairman of many cultural and social welfare organizations .
analysts pointed out that the reason why para became a candidate was that she always held a rough meeting with indian national congress party chairman sonia gandhi .
in india , the kenyan family has controlled the ruling national congress party for a long time .
parche was badly beaten by a large number of female voters . the voters believe that pare will play a role in the indian female + image that discriminates against the serious concept of women .
the constitution stipulates that india is a federal state , and the president is a head of state and a handsome leader , not representing any party organization , and even more is a symbol .
( yan yingju )
u.s. supports palestinian government 's expulsion of extremists
xinhua news agency , july 22 , washington ( by xu qisheng )
us president bush said on 21 march that the united states will give full support to the pakistani government to send a qilu and a " chih " to the area between pakistan and afghanistan .
bush said in a weekly radio address that day that according to new us intelligence , the hillside group , located in the border area between pakistan and afghanistan , has been visiting a safe and well - concealed area .
he said he was very worried about this .
bush said that the united states will continue to support pakistani president pervez musharraf , and will insist on fighting a battle with a + military base and a militant group .
the " national intelligence assessment " report published recently by the united states pointed out that the muslim armed organization is particularly a basin organization still poses a threat to the united states .
in september last year , musharraf reached a consensus with some leaders of the northern tribe on guarding against the influence of the taiwanese revolutionary forces and the military operation of the qiliu organization .
these tribe , however , are unwilling or not , or are not capable of safeguarding the security of the region .
in his earlier recorded speech , bush said that musharraf was taking positive steps to correct this mistake .
us hopes to implement agreement on dprk nuclear issue
xinhua news agency , july 24 , washington ( by xu qisheng )
us assistant secretary of state for korean nuclear issue christopher hill , us chief representative for the six - party talks , said on 23 june that the six - party talks on the north korean nuclear issue last week were very important for the first meeting , but this was just a preliminary action for implementing the agreement .
the united states is very much hoping that the " joint statement of 19 september " and the " common document of 13 february " on the settlement of the dprk nuclear issue will be comprehensively implemented .
" we have no choice but to completely resolve the issue of the dprk nuclear issue , " he said at a press conference on the same day , adding that the dprk needs to declare all its nuclear program before the end of this year and to realize the function of nuclear facilities .
he hoped that all parties concerned would fully implement the six - party talks on the korean nuclear issue within one year .
hill also said that while holding talks on security and energy , the us - dprk working group and the japanese - dprk working group will also separately discuss the issues of the us - dprk bilateral relations , which need to be resolved .
the climate change has led to a rapid reduction of the alps .
the reporter , shuyan county , geneva , july 1 ,
the swiss academy of sciences has long - term tracking and research findings that in 1850 to 1950 , the yu glaciers in switzerland are shrinking at an average annual rate of 33.0 percent .
the + ju + + encircled the 188 percent .
experts believe that by the year 21-0000 , if the global temperature rises , three glaciers will be reduced by 0.9 percent compared with the present level , and five more rivers will completely dissolve .
alechelon is the longest glaciers in europe and is listed as a world natural heritage list by the un organization , but it has been reduced by 100 meters by 2006 , protecting the basins has reached its standard .
the chart , which is 23 km long , is the alechelon glaciers .
photo taken by liu jun .
prc : cppcc organizations urge for civilized consumers ' participation in wto beijing ,
beijing , july 30
reporter liang jie learned from the china consumer association that on 8 august , at the countdown one anniversary of the 29th olympic games , the beijing consumer association , the shizuho consumer rights protection committee of consumers rights protection committee of shanghai shanghai municipal consumer council , the consumer association of consumers ' associations , qinhuangju consumer association , and the hong kong consumer council , in the name of the organization for protecting the rights and interests of consumers in the six - city - first district , gave
the proposal says that we should step up our awareness of the humane olympic games , learn courtesy knowledge , upgrade civilization , practice civilization standards , observe society , and practice a consumer who knows civilization .
enhance the sense of green olympics , protect the ecological environment , actively promote sustainable consumption , and build a consumer that respects green consumption ;
establish the awareness of being diligent , frugal , and frugal , change the concept of consumption , oppose extravagance and waste , and become rational consumers with a scientific concept of consumption ;
we should enhance the awareness of consumer rights protection , take the initiative to participate in social supervision , consciously respect and correctly understand rights and obligations , and be consumers who act in a reasonable manner according to law and who act in a reasonable manner .
advocate the spirit of being strict and active in participating in the games , propagate the olympic idea , and become the disseminator of the olympic spirit .
prc police ' gangster ' on hong kong 's return to motherland
on 1 july , the jiao police detachment of nanjing hahai temple was knocked again and was thus still silent .
this strong historical response was heard through television stations , including the mainland and hong kong , the residents of nanjing and the compatriots in hong kong , together celebrating the 10th anniversary of hong kong 's return to the motherland .
ten years ago , on 1 july , nanjing jinghai temple in nanjing resurfaced a 155 - man alarm bell . it is a typical case of deferring hong kong island .
not big , um , people from all walks of life in nanjing gathered together . they said that they would use their own bell to warn the world police and never forforget the past .
wushi chung is 1.842 metres tall , and it is a " nanjing treaty " during the eruption of the " nanjing treaty " in 1842 .
the bell is 1.997 meters tall on the shoulders , but it is still a + 999 + 97.7 meter height for hong kong 's return .
the man who planned and molded the police world , wang fengling , explained that the five lines of " chang fu " were set around the clock . the entire copper bell was sculpted with high - voltage sculptures , symbolizing that hong kong is the motherland 's imperial pearl , and the final victory of the fire was mumelody , the bell of nanjing city .
the first democratic party who proposed the construction of a world - class police clock in those years was a shock to me , saying that the han dynasty , hong kong has been returned to the motherland 10 years ago . he hoped that hong kong would be able to live peacefully and peacefully like that tomorrow . he said that he would not be a belligerent like hong kong .
( end ) ( zhu xiaoying and liu yang )
russian security agency accused the exile of " conspiring against others " and launched a " massacre "
russia 's oldest legal person in exile berezovsky announced on 2 july that the russian federal security bureau had formally submitted a request to his clients for a new charge , accusing him of plotting a national ploy by his followers , saying that he had planned the national strategy and attempted to use violence to seize the russian regime .
borovkov pointed out that in april this year , when besezovsky was interviewed by a british newspaper , he announced that he was prepared to launch a imperial household operation in russia , which has confirmed that he has provided financial support to the right - wing elite representatives who are opposed to the authorities ' policy .
the russian federal security bureau 's reconnaissance bureau immediately conducted investigation into the incident of a massacre in the area of vital importance under article 278 of the " russian federation criminal law " and recently formally submitted a relevant charge to the moscow sarvivich court .
it has been learned that in february 2006 , the russian federation general procuratorate instituted a criminal case against others . based on the same confirmation by an exile that he was trying to seize the russian regime by force .
because of bob 's always exiled foreign country , it was impossible to extradite , and in january 2007 russia suspended the investigation of the case .
moscow 's sadiyah court began to hear another case of criminal case in exile on 2 july . the russian general procuratorate accused belzovsky of swallowing 2.14 - billion rubles of russian airline company funds and spent 16 - million rubles in the whale . after hearing the case , the court decided to postpone the investigation to 12 july . the case will be held here to defend the accused 's designated state lawyer .
the other side , however , held that these were nonstop legal lawyers from participating in the activities .
( bi yuan )
guangxi 's ' three - year ' work posts subject to administrative efficiency supervision
since the beginning of this year , various departments in guangxi have launched activities to change cadres ' work style and to implement the first - to - call responsibility system . when the responsibility system is limited , they have instituted the " three - point project , " and 33 key examination and approval departments directly under the autonomous region have been included in the administrative efficiency supervision network .
up to now , 619 people have been held accountable for their actions .
on 5 june , the discipline inspection commission of the guanwei autonomous region has learned that guangxi has initially formed a system of administrative supervision network for the administrative efficiency supervision work of the city 's county , and has strengthened supervision over key departments ' responsibilities . all the 14 electronic supervision systems in the city have been linked to the autonomous region 's regional network .
the regional administrative efficiency electronic monitoring system has directly linked up with 33 autonomous regions directly directly related to the environment for investment and life , and the key examination and approval departments directly subordinate to the autonomous region have further standardized examination and approval behavior and increased the efficiency of examination and approval .
at the same time , discipline inspection and supervision organs at all levels in guangxi have seriously investigated and dealt with cases that harmed the interests of the masses in style and in style . up to now , they have investigated 11,000 cases , investigated 769 cases , and investigated 584 units that had been demoted to determine who were nineteen people .
on 5 june , zheng jiu , a standing committee member of the cpc committee , said that administrative efficiency supervision is a work accompanying administrative activities , and it is necessary to gradually form a mechanism that has long - term effects .
guangxi should further improve and standardize all kinds of administrative management work , establish and improve the mechanism and safeguard mechanism for supervision of administrative efficiency , and include efficiency supervision into the institutionalized and standardized track of inspection , further standardize the supervision procedure , perfect the mechanism for handling complaints , and the mechanism for evaluating performance , and intensify the accountability system to ensure the first responsibility and the time limits of handling matters under a strict accountability system .
( reporter wang lifang )
nato does not rule out cooperating with the united states on the abm issue .
nato information officer ( simon de mansson ) said in an exclusive interview with xinhua on 9 july that the possibility of linking the us anti - missile system with nato 's self - defense system is unlikely .
the nato is currently studying the us anti - ballistic missile plan , and hopes that the us anti - missile base will cover all the european allies .
she said that nato has its own theater missile defense system and has started to discuss the establishment of a strategic missile defense system , linking the us anti - missile system with the nato 's own defense system is not impossible .
she also said that the united states would promptly discuss the issue of establishing an anti - missile system in europe , and nato would exchange information with russia through various channels .
the chinese government and people will continue to work together to promote the development of the sino - japanese relations .
two jordanian nationals sentenced for plotting attacks on americans
two jordanian men were arrested on 11 april for plotting attacks on americans in jordan .
both men , both 25 - year - old , were a girl named zha muchi [ name as transliterated ] , who was sentenced to eight years of mandatory work operation . another man named chi shidah , was sentenced to three years ' imprisonment for plus work .
court sources said that hutali was also charged with illegal possession of a holder of a girl in his shock while searching for him .
the court had originally decided to impose a penalty on him for life , but later , it gave him a chance to change his condition to a girl , and would cut the number of its necklace for eight years .
the indictment claimed that the two defendants decided to pour down on those japanese muslims who were humiliated by the americans after the outbreak of the iraq war , and then planned to attack americans living in jordan .
in august 2006 , they called a girl living in anman , capital of jordan , but did not stop on the premises before attacking it .
the indictment did not make public the identity of the american .
the indictment also accused the two defendants of planning to attack other americans , but did not disclose specific details .
( reporter su xiaobo )
the number of reports on bad reactions caused by diabetes drug vendor has increased sharply .
according to a report by the us media on the 15th , the number of reports on adverse reactions such as heart disease , such as antidiabetes drug , has recently shown a trend of substantial increase in the united states .
the food and drug administration of the united states issued a safety warning in may this year , suggesting diabetes patients to be cautious with using diabetes , because scientists published a research report on the 21 st , " xinya medicine " published by scientists , saying that this drug will greatly increase the incidence rate of hypertension and the paleontonic disease incidence rate of patients with heart diseases .
the demirel has attracted close attention from doctors and patients .
statistics show that in about a month after the issue of a safety warning , the us drug administration received 357 examples of indecent reactions from mandy , of which 38 were fatal cases .
in january and february this year , the pharmacy and poisons board received only 50 and 73 reports of adverse reactions .
these bad reactions are light to soak up to head and die sudden death from heart disease .
however , drug experts of the us drug administration believe that the current conclusion of didididizzy is still too early .
the drug administration will hold a hearing on wendi 's well - known hearing on 30 july .
in 1999 , the + jinda wen di was a pancreas that was used to increase the sensitivity of the therapeutic type .
around 6 million diabetes patients have taken or are taking didiya .
the british greenspan company has always considered wen di as safe . moreover , it has also been difficult for the patient to suffer more than sufferings .
united states to restart middle east peace talks
us president bush delivered a speech in washington on 16 june , calling for a meeting of international leaders on the israel - palestine conflict to be held in washington this autumn , inviting israel to attend some of the neighboring arab countries of palestine , as well as other relevant countries , in order to jointly promote the reopening of the middle east peace process .
on 17 july , bush also called egyptian president mubarak 's king bashir and king bashir of saudi arabia , asking them to actively respond to the proposal and support palestinian national authority chairman abbas with concrete actions to help resume peace talks as soon as possible .
abbas says palestine 's central committee to discuss palestinian elections ahead of schedule
abbas , chairman of the palestinian national authority , said in ramallah on 18 july that the palestine liberation organization ( plo ) central committee opened a two - day meeting on the same day , and the meeting will discuss the holding of the palestinian national authority and the legislative council elections ahead of time .
abbas met with eu foreign and security officials in the presidential office in ramallah on the same day and also met with the eu 's senior representative for foreign and security affairs at a joint press conference held later . he said that if the plo decided to make the decision , the chairman has the authority to issue a legal order of the anchora , and such an order will be issued very quickly .
at the same time , abbas was satisfied with the relations between the palestinian national authority and the eu .
he said : the palestinian side welcomes the understanding of the eu 's measures toward the palestinian president 's office .
abbas urged the eu to continue providing humanitarian aid to the palestinian people in gaza .
he reiterated the eu 's support for abbas and the palestinian people .
he said that the un - related pronounced on the middle east issue ( the united nations ' federations and russia ) will convene a meeting on 19 june to discuss the issue of restarting the middle east peace process . in the next few days , it may be proposed that the issue be raised .
heh said that the eu has a positive attitude toward the deployment of international troops in gaza , but it still needs to discuss with other parties , especially with the un .
( reporter wang ju )
jiangxi province will present awards to rural health personnel for 30 years
for a long time , a large number of health professionals and technicians have been stationed in rural areas , paying a price in labor and a year for the health of the masses of peasants at the grass - roots level .
jiangxi province recently decided to conduct a judgment on the rural areas ' sanitation work for 30 years or more , for which professional and technical personnel have been awarded a prizes for the rural health work .
according to the health department of jiangxi province , the number of medical workers who work in sanitation professional medicine at township and town hospitals , which are held by the government , has professional skills in sanitation at primary or higher levels . all those who continue to work in township health care centers or merge with township blood prevention groups and masseng village who have worked for 30 years or have worked in the same village are within the scope of awards .
the final calculation time for the first batch of confirmed cases was at the end of july .
in addition to providing assistance to rural health care personnel who meet the requirements , jiangxi province has awarded honorary certificates for the rural health work award for the rural areas . in addition , priority will be given to giving priority to and giving preferential treatment to those who appraise or give preferential treatment to those who have not been qualified for the examination .
the examination of senior personnel is a solar line , and the assessment is mainly based on actual work ability , and appropriate conditions for scientific research and theses are not allowed ;
the jiangxi provincial health department will arrange a certain number of vacations each year to give certain funds to banks .
starting this year , jiangxi province has launched a rural health work conference for 30 years , which is honored and honored by the provincial government .
( reporter li meijuan )
us defense department reconsiders reducing us - european military plan
a us defense department official said on 23 march that due to the iraq war and the changes in the world situation , the us defense department is reconsidering the plan to cut the number of us troops stationed in europe by about half .
the us media quoted a defense department official as saying that since the iraq war is still going on and us - russian and iranian relations have worsened , the defense ministry has raised doubts about the feasibility of reducing the troops stationed in europe .
{ lc ) , then us secretary of defense rumsfeld announced that the united states would increase the number of troops stationed in europe from 11.06 to 70,500 to build a small but small contingent of troops .
at present , the total military strength of the us troops in europe has fallen to some extent .
however , in june this year , us military european command commander ms. duoke submitted a report to the current defense minister on the reduction plan .
the report says that while cutting troops , many troops in europe are transferred to iraq and afghanistan in turn , causing the us troops in europe to be short of manpower and to be unable to cooperate normally with the european allies .
the report suggests that the us military in europe be halted .
relevant us experts believe that the above phenomenon shows that the iraq war has dragged on and disrupted the original plan for the us military to adjust .
( by reporter yang qingchuan and pan yunzhao )
prc : shandong jiuzhou sends ' bus ' safety films to community construction site
qingdao , july 26 ( renmin wang ) ( reporter song xuechun and tan zhongliang )
in order to further deepen the urban civilization three mechanic transportation and to enhance the awareness of traffic rule and the awareness of traffic safety among the broad masses of residents , and to enhance the awareness of observing laws and regulations , the three sets of water conservancy and rural construction teams will take part in the work of the jiaozhou city people 's square in jiaqia square in qinligong square in nanhe plaza city south of sanli square in nanjing city , and the ji@@
before the film starts , the + xuan " jiuwei " that will be printed by the brigade will protect the lives of the broad masses of residents and distribute some propaganda materials to the citizens , and broadcast " warnings on life " and " attending school . "
the scene attracted a shocking call from the residents , and a flash of scenes played a very important warning role .
in particular , the special film " on the road to school " passed through the format of a demonstration , let one understand the love of the girl and also receive profound education .
the film attracted more than 3,000 residents around the square , and in particular , some young people and migrant workers who came to jiaozhou were sitting in the center of the site with great relish to watch the film .
by sending transportation safety films into the community ( or even the mass of residents ) at the construction site , the broad masses of residents enjoyed films while at the same time as nazi , and received profound education on traffic safety , receiving enthusiastic welcome from the public , especially the new residents .
health ministry : nationwide catering industry to gradually implement public health supervision system
to better implement the food hygiene law and the state council 's " circular on further strengthening food safety work , " the ministry of health has separately set up separate inspections and quarantine departments in haidian district , taijiuyan city , zhejiang province , hangzhou city , luoyang city , hubei province , hainan province , and sichuan province three imperial household chlorine production projects and four chinese restaurant boarding restaurants in sichuan province .
this system will also gradually legalize the country .
the public health supervision system for restaurants is a system for the supervision of food and beverage units on the basis of routine health supervision . the management system for health management personnel in charge of health management has proved the quality of foodstuffs and label labels , the processing of food , and the health insurance protection site environment for the environment health protection and protection of the premises for processing of food products .
according to the information provided by the ministry of health , unified routeing and selected demonstration forms will be used for the on - site inspection of nine health items . results of comprehensive evaluation of the health supervision opinions of the health monitoring site and the name of the organization responsible for supervision and the customer 's complaint reporting telephone number will be posted at the entrance of the restaurant or the customer 's entrance to understand the conditions of the store by the customer 's health condition .
the chinese government will continue to support the development of the western region of the country .
un security council decides to extend peacekeeping mission in ethiopia
the un security council unanimously adopted a resolution on 30 june to extend the peacekeeping mission stationed at erita and eritan peacekeeping troops to lebanon ( eritrea ) by six months until january next year .
the resolution demanded that all parties concerned carry out their commitments , exercise restraint , ease the tension , avoid uncitric military activities , and urge erita to immediately withdraw its troops and military equipment from the temporary security zone , and appeal to the military to reduce recently additional troops deployed in neighboring areas of the temporary security zone .
the resolution called on the ecuador 's border committee to take concrete steps to quickly set the border without a demarcation , and demanded that erita no longer delay the establishment of a non - governmental organization and cancel its operation and operation of ethiopia and eritrea .
the resolution reiterates its full support for the work of the ecuadorian - eritrean border committee and welcomes the commission 's decision to hold a meeting with eritrean and eritrean parties in new york on september 6 .
in 1998 , the eritan and kunshan border conflict broke out , causing many casualties .
in june 2000 , ethiopia and eritrea signed a ceasefire agreement in algeria 's capital of algeria .
the united nations has started deploying peacekeeping troops along ethiopia and eritrea since july 2001 to supervise the implementation of the cease - fire agreement between the two countries .
wang xiangjiang , head of the chinese delegation , said here today that the chinese government has always attached great importance to the development of the cause of socialism with chinese characteristics .
prc 's jingji ribao holds national olympic games ' , county level competition
xinhua news agency , chengdu , june 30 ,
xing qiqin reporter : in order to implement the cpc central committee 's directive on building a harmonious socialist society , and in coordination with the socialist new countryside construction , the whole people have rich cultural resources for the olympic games , cultural and sports life of the people , and the building of rural areas in cities and towns at the national county level throughout the chinese olympics .
the six - day event attracted 10 county - level men nationwide to participate in the acrobatics competition .
according to regulations , athletes participating in this competition must be player aged 18 or above .
in 2006 and 2007 , the athletes management center of the state sports general bureau should not sign up to participate in the competition .
this competition uses the latest " rules " examined and approved by the chinese association for basing the soccer tournament and the preliminary competition is divided into two stages .
the competition was jointly sponsored by the china athletics management association , the china international tourist corporation , and other organizations .
in recent years , the cultural and sports undertakings in shuangliu county , which has a history of good sports , have been awarded the title of outstanding national sports county , the advanced units in the national mass sports advanced units such as jiujiang county , the sports county , and so on .
in particular , in the new countryside construction , shuangliu county has vigorously carried out the peasants ' sports project , linking the construction of sports facilities in rural areas with the beautification of the rural areas , and building these sports facilities in rural areas , thus enabling the sports service system to cover the rural areas and to actively promote and carry out activities that have local characteristics , which are particularly popular among peasants , and are happy to be able to participate in sports competitions and activities that are particularly popular among peasants
three major tasks of modern military uniform
the first is recognition functions .
different countries ' military units , armed forces , and civilians are different in their military .
in the military forces of more than 100 countries in the world , although the use of military uniforms is basically the same , there is no uniform of the armed forces of any two countries .
second , symbolizing functions .
to a certain extent , military uniform is not only a reflection of the national spirit and characteristics of a country , but is also a concentrated embodiment of the military personnel 's ability to fight battles of a country 's army .
in the three main military uniforms of lichi chang , the pla troops are most capable of fully demonstrating the image of jiaoqi , a beautiful spectacular , a military uniform .
third , the defense function .
along with the rapid development of new and high - tech weaponry , the enhancement of the comprehensive defense capabilities of new - type training uniforms has the defensive functions of preventing and preventing disasters caused by chemical fertilizers against radiation , and the adjustment of temperature and wet air diversion and other diverse functions have become the most important problems in the development of military uniforms .
( shi wei )
the party committee of a certain regiment has dared to handle problems ;
chengdu , july 3
qu rui , who is a native of qiliu , reported that we have benefited from the determination and determination of the party committee of the large team to clear the house and the strength of the house .
today , more than 10 experts from a certain communications training brigade of the chengdu military region stationed in a barracks were all very happy . the party committee of the regiment dared to solve problems by tackling tough problems . they were full of respect and commendation .
a few years ago , with personnel 's presence in this brigade , some of the houses in this group 's buildings were occupied by the unlawful occupation , causing the problem of houses for the cadres on the job , and the officers and men were very interested in this .
the group also cleared several rooms , and all of them were unable to do so because of various resistance , making this problem an old , big , and difficult one .
if you have to dare to compete with the real , you will have no problem to resolve .
after the new party committee leadership reached a consensus , the principal leaders personally set about the need to thoroughly sort out all the housing - related problems .
they were moving on a thick spot , xiaoling , hoping that the personnel concerned would like to talk about the impact of the army 's massage operations on the economy of the army 's villa , and show the party committee 's firm determination and principled stand .
for those who do not want to withdraw from houses that are unoccupied , party committees and organs immediately contacted their units . they also adopted corresponding measures to urge them to take the initiative to cooperate with the troops .
after two months of painstaking work , all households that violated regulations and occupied more than their houses were relocated on schedule . cadres of the brigade were assigned to their homes according to regulations .
the party committee of this group has the courage to compete with the real and tough style of work , and has also produced a impact of a few cadres who were not willing to cooperate with the organization in their former work . now , they have all expressed their readiness to obey the decision of the organization .
chinese military leader meets bangladesh air force chief
beijing , 9 july
report by reporter zhang shun : qiao qingchen , commander of the pla air force , met with chi o'an , chief of staff of the bangladesh air force , and his party in beijing today .
qiao qingchen said that since the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and bangladesh , bilateral relations have been developing smoothly , high - level exchanges have been frequent , and friendly exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been constantly strengthened .
the two countries have always supported each other in international affairs and in their respective national construction , and they trust each other and closely cooperate with each other .
the chinese side appreciates and thanks bangladesh for its support to china on such issues as taiwan 's human rights and tibet .
qiao qingchen said that the chinese army treasures the friendly relations with the bangladesh army and hopes that with the joint efforts of both sides , the two armies will further expand the fields and levels of their friendly cooperation , and strengthen the friendly exchanges and cooperation between their air forces so as to push the friendly and cooperative relations between the two armies to a new level .
qi said bangladesh will make efforts to further develop the friendly relations between the two armed forces , especially between the two air forces .
he reiterated that the bangladesh government will , as always , stick to the one - china policy .
before the meeting , qiao qingchen held a welcoming ceremony for zoo to visit china .
qi arrived in beijing on 8 july for a five day official goodwill visit at the invitation of qiao qingchen .
prc military uniformed designer invited to visit chinadaily.com.cn
on july 13 th , this newspaper , beijing , reporter yang baojin liu xinxin reported that the pla units will replace the traditional uniform of 2007 with the new uniform starting from august 1 st .
tonight , the chinese military network invited the military supplies department deputy director chen jun and mai jun , deputy director of the armament bureau , and senior engineer of the military equipment research institute , su yang , who is the architect of the 2007 military uniform , to visit the chinese military wire , and to discuss the background and process of developing the new uniform of netizens from inside and outside the military . this aroused repercussions among netizens .
the two guests are the direct master design and development of the military uniform .
when talking about the changes in the new uniform , they said that the 07 - style uniform is a special military uniform formed formed by the military uniform of 97 , and the series of military uniforms are still in the category of " syntheses " and " series of composite pulling " .
the greatest characteristic of the 07 style uniform is the effect of putting the demarcation line into effect the requirement of personalization so that our military uniform has reached the standard of having a series of supporting functions for three branches of the armed forces , and symbolizes that the level of building of our military uniform has been achieved by a historic leap .
the two guests also exchanged views on the types of the new uniform , such as the xiliang style military uniform , and the " mini three " [ wei fu ] , which is still short of the original name of the netizen .
this incident was jointly conducted by the china military network and the xinlan nets in china .
jingjiang city people 's armed forces platform to upgrade quality of military cadres
prc : zhu chunping on zhu chunping , 18 june , a " three stresses " education activity for cadres of wenjiang city in jiangsu province , was organized by lu yuqing , director of the armed forces department of xiliang town , to give guidance on " winning a psychological warfare under informatized conditions " . the course was unanimously accepted by the cadets .
this is a test of the strength of the personnel and the armed forces department in integrating the actual situation with the work of reinforcing the overall quality of the armed forces cadres .
at the beginning of this year , when conducting investigations and studies at the grassroots level , the party committee of the armed forces department discovered that some cadres of the armed forces ' specialist units have served in a cadre 's posts , and have been serving in a political position .
for this reason , they have adopted methods such as concentrated training on the sidelines of the meeting and regular training of specialized military cadres , and focused efforts on resolving problems such as insufficient professional knowledge and lack of professional quality for specialized military cadres .
in connection with the central work , they have boldly assigned tasks to special cadres , thus enhancing their ability to serve their posts .
at the same time , they actively coordinated local organizational departments and jointly formulated the " plan for the appointment of specialized military cadres by bidding for posts by specialized military units . " the director of the armed forces must enter the party committee leadership group and not assume other duties .
the military region has established a mechanism for adjustment and exchange of cadres to conduct investigation and study on some specialized military cadres who are not quite well - educated to meet the needs of the grassroots units . comrades who have good comprehensive quality and ability to do work should be promoted and appointed .
not long ago , chen yisong , director of the armed forces department of the new century limited , led the militia technical detachment to innovate in and develop underwater vessels . he was upgraded to the minister of the company 's armed forces .
good will start with good , and good will end up in the end
just as the result of the competition is concerned , the score of 2 - 2 is reasonable and also acceptable , and the key is the competition process , so how much regret is .
if iran leads the team 2 to 0 , then it equals , then that does not feel that china is a very different feeling , and it will be very long . it is the opposite situation of morale .
the only thing that can not be done is to remove one old thing .
i often cannot play or play under the situation , but the general view is that china 's psychological quality is not perfect .
this is indeed a reason why i cannot stick well .
however , judging from today 's competition , it seems that it is not all that .
sun jixiang , sun jiaqiang , a former deputy director of the jiaoji temple , said that li wei feng and others had not said in europe and were also old generals of the sand field . they had seen many things and said that their psychological quality would not have any problem .
the irian team was forced to settle down by the iranian team , probably because it would be a task to dispatch troops .
the iranian team was in a backwardness and was replaced by two people , and the scene was immediately cut off .
after i got off the line , i also changed three names , but the effect was not good .
we must find a correct way to solve the problem that is not right at the beginning .
as long as the problem is accurately located , it is not difficult to find the problem and change the problem .
they are afraid of being untreated and hospitalized .
if you go on like this , you will kick out more games , and if you go down , you will go wrong , and you cannot talk about what everyone expects .
prc : ministry of public security reports collectively on dongshan case of bird flu
shenzhen , july 18
li guoliang reporting from huang ju : over the years , the guangdong frontier guard corps hospital has been doing a good job in providing medical support to the poor , and has been doing its utmost to help the masses in difficulty , and has also helped a buthle of the ordinary people in the province .
this morning , the ministry of public security gave the guangdong frontier guard corps hospital a collective honor and a report meeting on the outstanding deeds of supporting the government and cherishing the people .
the guangdong frontier guard corps hospital has regarded building a harmonious society as a good example , and has established three branches of specialized operation in zhuji , huogan , shenzhen , to specially target the cost of migrant workers , and the medical service and registration fee for migrant workers is only one yuan , and the surgery fee is required for each of the eight sets of the surgery expenses .
the hospital specially provided a temporary shelter service car to take patients from peasant workers free of charge and introduced a medical service card for peasant workers ' health service . each month , there is only seven yuan to enjoy 12 basic medical treatment and support .
this measure benefiting the people has already benefited more than 12,000 farmers .
starting from + qizai , the hospital also conducted a large - scale emergency rescue operation involving 1,000 lights . they organized eight medical personnel to go far to the hospitals in tibet , jiaoxi , jiaoxi , jiao , and other places in tibet , jiangxi , jiangxi , yunnan , and qinghai , to give them a live health insurance , and thus the patients had a light surgery of nearly 3,000 yuan .
the armed police force began changing their uniform on 1 august .
on july 19 , the reporter learned from liu zhifeng 's reporter : beginning 1 august , the armed police units will replace the traditional seven - type clothing .
today , reporters learned from the ceremony for distributing the garments and the residents ' dress for the 2007 - style garments , which were replaced by a " special training uniform " , which was marked by a four - category armed police units ' uniform uniform .
dress dress is replaced by rugby green , which is currently in use by olive green , with a graces of sleeping pants and pants . the overall design is strong . using the national costume standard , the garments are used to describe the null structure .
the mountain ranges of female officers and men , including the eaves of the eaves and cap , and the conventional uniforms of the troops have been changed from the confines of the standing neck - type structure of the long - beam of the summer dress to the skull - type design of the spring and autumn dress .
the newly added name - list , the current grade , the military regulations and the ribons of the national defense chapter , and the newly designed hat - hui embello have strengthened the badges and armoured badges , thus enhancing the ability to distinguish garments .
armed police force 07 style clothes will be replaced by three years .
before august 1 , 2007 , a group of cadres and a national flag and a team of the chinese kuomintang , a military delegation , were also present at the meeting . they were also present at the meeting . they were also present at the meeting . they were also present at the meeting .
wuxi -- may is the first time that a soldier has been replaced by a soldier in other units , a soldier in jinqiu , jiujun , jiujun , jiujun , jiujun , jiujun , jiujun , jiujun , jiujun , jiujun , jiujun , jiujun , jiujun , jiao jijun , jijun , jijun , jiuwei , jijun , jiuwei , jijun ,
the original price of the original price of the qing dynasty in october is the normal dress for the winter .
in december 2009 , he was transferred to a traditional uniform for soldiers .
train is subordinate to the season , and then it gradually shifts to the season .
a small number of grass - roots units of the second artillery corps began operation in a cooperative area .
prc : xue ju xu qing reports from small , scattered , remote , directly subordinate units ' education organization is hard to do well in the campaign .
the reporter recently learned that after six months of trial implementation , the base issued the " procedures for implementing the ' program of ideological and political education ' " to cover all units with small , scattered and directly subordinate units . the implementation of the ' program ' has officially started .
and make new contributions to the effective implementation of the " ideological and political education program " . at the beginning of this year , the base organized in - depth investigation and study of the current situation of education in the lower levels , conducted in - depth investigations and studies , conducted investigations and studies on the results of the three basic achievements of the personnel who had been directly involved in education , and basically formed a new model of education for the cooperative units of small , scattered , and remote units .
the concrete practice of the cooperative zone is to break the demarcation line between units and set one brigade and regiment level by a relatively concentrated small , scattered , remote , and directly subordinate unit . the units that have different affiliations should give lectures or supplementary units to taiwan in order to coordinate with each other in distance .
adopting a method of combining strict inspections with competitive appointment , and allocating educational forces in a unified way ;
each cooperative area has set up a specialized training system for nonferrous metals , personnel , and personnel training .
on this basis , various areas of cooperation have also established a system of emergency assistance for assistance to the residents in areas where difficulties exist , such as compulsory education , and examination and assessment .
zhang shengmin , director of the base 's political department , told the reporter that the establishment of a political education coordination zone has not only reduced the waste of educational resources but also deepened the effect of education .
some political experts were afraid of being separated from the officers and men of the units outside the unit and took the initiative to study new knowledge and explore new methods for education .
officers and men who have received education are also actively attending classes to analyze the content of education , fearing to speak out outside when they discuss and make distinctions with the officers and men of neighboring units .
such a + sore , sorrowful , and hard - won enthusiasm have been effectively stimulated .
a certain brigade of the north china fleet sent all its troops to the drill ground .
prc : zhang junhong , liu hongjun report from a certain brigade under a certain north china sea fleet led by zhang weiliang , deputy chief engineer of a certain general engineer of a certain group of the north china sea fleet , 31 long - standing soldiers happily set foot on the beidaihe train .
luo xiangming , a six - grade officer , told this reporter with pleasure : leaders of the corps care for and cherish the soldiers deeply moved . after returning , we will certainly work hard .
organizing grass - roots soldiers , qin , is the first time in this group .
not long ago , yao zhisheng went deep into the grass roots to see some soldiers who were responsible for the repair work , braving the danger of going deep into the repair work , so that yao qingsheng was deeply moved .
the soldiers should care for the soldiers and be responsible for the health of the soldiers .
after studying the matter , the party committee made a decision to divide all the quotas assigned by the higher level to the group to the soldiers at the frontline .
the handling of affairs by a certain unit of the jinan military region is an open , hot spot ;
staff report
wang weizqin specially cited li desqin as a special correspondent at a certain unit of the jinan military region on 25 july . i saw that there was a project bidding for financial expenses for the troops ' projects , a project to be promoted to be a noncommissioned officer to join the party , and other important matters . the land was hung on a window .
according to su cheng - sen , political commissar of the pla general political department , this is a concrete move taken by the ministry to promote the system of opening government affairs to the public .
? the party committee of this unit has formulated the " two - way supervision of the organs at the grassroots level " and other measures to strengthen the building of party style and clean government . it has demanded that all major issues involving the immediate interests of officers and men and the building of the troops be decided after the officers and men have decided , and will set the work procedures and results of handling affairs according to the actual conditions .
the unit set up a " xanju " [ name as transliterated ] , which extensively collected views and suggestions from everyone .
at the beginning of this year , before the start of the project , the party committee organs extensively solicited opinions from officers and men , then issued public bidding information , and put into practice open bidding .
they have saved the funds and won the support of officers and men .
the practice of handling affairs in an open and fair manner has brought about the formation of a good atmosphere in the grass - roots units .
in this unit , grass - roots companies , regardless of whether they are big or sensitive hot issues or whether they are small to individual 's day - to - day food accounts , always insist on regularly announcing public notices and consciously accepting the masses ' supervision .
( international ) study shows that the shock is related to two genes .
xinhua news agency report of july 2 from london - iceland scientists discovered through study that the risk of magic infant catching is far greater than ordinary people in two genes .
according to the latest issue of the " nature " magazine , the " missioning company " of the legacy company in iceland has conducted a survey of several thousand people from the united states of sweden and hong kong of china , and has obtained the above discovery .
the two genes and heart disease detected by scientists were similar to one gene that played an important role in the early stage of the heart .
the tremor was the heart tremble , the clinical muzzle that could lead to a panic of breathing and a rush to send a soldier .
according to the 1 st issue of the " natural genetic " magazine , the controlling stick and legendary research personnel of the massacre company also went to the human chromosome no. 17 to find a corpse associated with the prevalent leygenic cancer , with more than one third of the pregnant cancer cases .
the study also found that one of the genes is not the same as raising the risk of preditzenic cancer , but also lowering the risk of suffering from magic diabetes .
( sports ) us veteran gateway may retire after citywide cup
xinhua news agency , marathon , venezuela , july 3 ,
according to a report by the venezuelan media on the 3rd , the 37 - year - old veteran cauller said in an interview here that if the american cup could not find a suitable club after the game , he would choose to retire .
if the four to six weeks after the cup finals , i could not even get a high level team , a 1 - 2 contract , then the retirement may be the first - 2 choice .
huo , with the goddess of the qingrad bashir team falling into germany b , kelly also has two sets of famous soccer teams that have been effective by himself .
although kelly is very concerned , he still needs to pay for the operation of government , he is not worried about his family . he himself is still under his control . at present , as many as eight teams intend to invite him to perform some functions .
however , the director of the xilijia yingchao and the old gate of the xishuangjia , who once served the teller , said that the final choice of him would depend on how he would be determined by the family , and that my child was already nine years old . he followed me in three different countries and went to three different schools . what should i think now is more beneficial to my family ?
in the gold cup finals not long ago , keler played a remarkable role and helped the team win the championship .
in this year 's american cup , he was still assigned to the important position by the head coach bradley , but he had four hands against him , and he was hit by a team of young servicemen who were close to the guard of youth , and was not a strong rival of argentina , argentina , argentina , paraguay , and these two matches . the main doors that he guarded were wearing were seven times .
the next match against colombia , it is very likely that the + team and castro team will be the last performance at this american cup .
black berries smartphone to land in china market
xinhua news agency report of ju ju ' ju ' ju ' on prc 's nuclear program in canada the " le jiu bao " [ name as transliterated ] of canada 's black berries company ( the le ninh ) finally has been approved to enter the chinese market for its first black berries mobile phone to be listed in china at the end of august .
huo shi ' ju , chief executive of the jiji [ name as transliterated ] , said that he would visit the major cities in china , such as beijing 's shanghai 's shang guangzhou , to provide black berries mobile phone service to commercial customers .
the " global post " quoted a spokesperson from the beijing office as saying that the 8700g smart cell phone will be launched by the end of august at the chinese market at about $ 700 , and the price has already been received .
ballerley said that last week the company , " one of the three companies , " said that the listing of the company had attracted more and more attention to its smart cell phone . as an " idonle competitor , " black berries are now being sold in more than 100 countries around the world .
according to statistics , in the first quarter of this year , there were 1.2 - million new users of popry cell phones , with a total number of 99,000 subscribers .
spain : hussein 's murders , wives arrested
xinhua news agency report of july 7 th from montreal of a spanish woman who was hit by a monument , she dragged out a battle cover , and discovered that the person who committed the crimes was her husband , and the police had arrested him .
according to local media reports on the 6th , the woman was working at a bakery in valencia .
one day , a monger named xu jiping was holding a gun inside a flat . she thought that it was the robber who told him to take the money in a drawer and leave .
but the man did not take money , but pinned the woman 's neck , thinking about her .
she wanted to use a dead body to drive out , but the man did not let her down , did she kick her and pinch her neck .
during the struggle , the woman dragged a mask under her head , but found that man was her husband .
the assailant has been arrested by the police .
the victim told the media that she and her husband were in the process of divorce due to their lack of affection . they had two children .
thirteen pilots resigned from the eastern airlines wuhan company and the anticlaims and claims for damages exceeded 100 million yuan
xinhua news agency , july 11 , wuhan ( by liu yang and papichu )
thirteen pilots asked for resignation , jiadong china aviation wuhan limited , which has issued a loan of as much as 105 - million yuan to the eastern airlines ' wuhan co , which is the biggest dispute in hubei 's claims for compensation .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee is currently trying the case .
in may this year , 13 pilots of the wuhan company of china eastern airlines submitted their resignation one after another , but the company refused the offer .
later , the pilot submitted a labor arbitration application to the hubei provincial labor dispute mediation committee in early june , asking for a decision to terminate labor relations with the wuhan company of china eastern airlines .
after the donghang wuhan company received the notification , it lodged a complaint , demanding that 13 pilots pay him separately for the loss caused by the violation of labor contracts and the cancellation of labor contracts involving more than 6 million yuan and 105 million yuan .
it is learned that the pilots signed with the eastern airlines a labor contract without a fixed term . besides the conditions set by labor contracts , which came to a halt or the conditions for terminating labor contracts appear , the validity of the contract will continue to be the legal retirement age for the pilots .
the hubei provincial labor dispute mediation committee has dealt with the case as an appeal and an anticorruption case , and is expected to conclude the hearing before 8 august .
germany calls for early passage of russia - russia border treaty
xinhua news agency , july 12 ( by yang dehong ) - - visiting german foreign minister steinmeier today called on russia to pass the border treaty as soon as possible .
the two foreign ministers also held talks with the thai foreign minister on the same day , and the two sides mainly discussed the relations between the two countries and the cooperation between the two sides , and exchanged views on the relations between latin america and russia and the relations between the eu and russia .
at a press conference after the talks , steinmeier called on russia to pass the treaty on the latvian border as soon as possible .
steinmeier said that the whole region , together with russia , has been relatively slow in improving relations between the entire region and the region , and the signing of the treaty has witnessed the course of developing relations between russia and latin america , but the shadow of russia 's relations with russia may also regress as quickly as possible , hoping that russia will be able to move forward through the russian border treaty as soon as possible , so as to promote the development of bilateral relations .
on 27 march this year , after 10 years of negotiations , prime minister karwizic and russian prime minister maguv konov signed a border treaty in moscow .
on 17 may , the rajapan parliament passed the border treaty .
according to the report by the media of the hubble , the russian parliament will vote on the treaty in the near future .
dprk , rok to hold sixth round of talks
pyongyang , july 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese delegation arrived here today for a four - day visit to the country
military representatives of the dprk and the rok held military talks on 16 june in panmunjon . both sides agreed to hold the sixth round of talks on the " ci - class " [ acronym given in english ] between 24 and 26 june .
according to a report by the central news agency , the dprk military representative stationed at shuang lun , who also came into contact with the delegation , proposed to set up a joint - stock area between yanping island and bailing island in the western waters of the dprk , and gave a detailed explanation of the reasons for the establishment .
he said : to build a common area , we must implement the principle of seeking common national prosperity and interests and ensuring peace , stability , and stability .
speaking on the boundary issue between the two sides , park linzhu said that in order to prevent military conflicts between the two sides in the western sea , both sides should abandon the sea boundary that they have upheld so far , and recognize and respect each other 's consulates , and together with the relevant agreements reached between the two sides , namely , the dprk - rok agreement on mutual legal assistance and the universally - acknowledged law on the korean peninsula .
he said that timely formulation of military safeguard measures to promote cooperation and exchange is the north and south korean military 's persistent stand .
he said : the rok side should currently adopt military measures to ensure that the dprk 's civilian vessels can directly go to the port of haizhou and go south and can freely pass through the strait of cheju .
this is another major event in the second military talks between the dprk and the rok since the 10th of this month .
the fifth round of talks on the " three represents " was held in panmunjon from 8 to 11 may at a unified government office on the side of panmunjon .
hyundai motor denies intention to purchase volvo
seoul , july 18 ( xinhua ) a spokesman for the hyundai motor said in seoul on july 18 that the company had no intention to purchase any brand of volvo or qatar corporation under the company 's flag .
the " sunday times " and the " new york times " both reported on the possibility of selling volvo .
the " sunday times " even claimed in the report that the rok hyundai motor company is a potential for wolong .
a spokesman for hyundai motor said that we are not interested in purchasing woliju or lishui tiger , but hyundai is busy implementing its own expansion plan . there is no other time to attend to him .
in 1999 , he bought 64.5 - billion us dollars from the swedish woluo group .
currently , volvo and the tiger jibao are all under the chief automobile group ( + tu ) , including vol. putra , etc.
in march this year , the price of a loss , still at 8.4/4/4/4//4/4//4//4/4///4//////4//////////4///4////4///////////////////////////////////@@
( sports ) caofang strike station in cuba is too short
xinhua news agency , rio de janeiro , july 21 ( reporter chen weihua and zhitong )
the cuban delegation visited the panmunjon sports meet on 21 july , which was too short , and will affect the performance of the fists .
according to the rules of international fists , the rope of the fist tower during the international competition should be 6.1 meters , but according to the rules of the cuban delegation 's fist coach pedro roque , the current round of the us - boxing team has shorter than one meter in comparison of the rope - like sports meet .
roque said : we have submitted a formal protest against the + watch because this incident did not affect a country of cuba , but involved all people .
the rope will affect the lightning maneuver of the fists .
he also said he would not have been able to find a rope in the olympics if he could not find a rope that meets the olympic standards .
as we know , we brought something from cuba .
the mexican and colombian delegations also expressed dissatisfaction over the fencing rope in taiwan on the same day .
columbia 's fist juilio daimbas won the first battle , but he said : although i won the first match , i still won the first match , but my boxing was too narrow . i really did not think that there was a single competition .
the resumption of export orders by the bobby crescent lamps and the crescent lamps for export to other countries has also brought about a recovery in export orders from overseas .
xinhua news agency , july 24 , shanghai ( by xu shousong and yu lihong ) - - according to a report from guanyuan ( group ) co , ltd . , the daya rabbit sugar , which once a shanghai port , has resumed exports recently . many overseas chinese still demand orders for sugar orders .
the guansheng garden is located in jiulnan city , singapore . recently , mr. lin qingrong of the guanshengyuan group said that due to the tests by singapore 's agricultural grain and the bureau 's test results of the big bigric rabbit , it can be put on normal sale in the market , so demand for orders for formaldehyde is required .
yonsheng company of guansheng garden said that it was requested that the guansheng garden immediately transport one big barcelona cuckus from shanghai to malaysia .
the guansheng garden has also called guansheng park in hong kong , the honourable luen sang garden , the hong kong food safety centre for diarrhoea samples taken from hong kong .
five feng trading company limited has received notification from the china resources management company of hong kong , and decided to resume sales of the big baitu cucky rock in hong kong .
it is understood that the 10 + tu cucumbersome cucumberies at shanghai port have gradually resumed export .
at present , seven containers , big rabbit milk , are still issuing to singapore 's + jiga , malaysia 's jiao , india 's sumita , the united states , and other countries .
un blasts british bomb hostage , killing suspects
london , july 26 ( xinhua ) british police announced on july 26 that in mid - july , the suspect who created a british + bomb threat in kelly , kril ross , kathizro , was arrested on july 23 in kathizstan county .
the police said that the man was called pu pu . he , 51 , who is an unemployed person , will be blackmail and will be attacked by a bomb .
on the afternoon of 14 july ( xizang ) , 14 british households , including the jiaoyi police , were urgently closed down due to the bomb threat , and the business was resumed on the second day .
hey is the peak of the british people 's purchases of the imperial household , at that time the 14 - family closure order was the biggest loss of the british sales revenue of the holy mountain .
british police later conducted a criminal investigation into the bomb threat and announced that no terrorist activities were found in the incident , but there were some economic indicators behind the incident .
prc : prc scholar says ' discord ' of prc beijing olympics not to be affected beijing ,
beijing , july 28 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to hold a olympic games in beijing next year , but it is expected that beijing will become a oceanic city in august .
through changing the art age and other technical means , scientific research personnel have found a good plan to increase the color of the olympic games .
on the 28th , the outstanding varieties of the summer olympics , the outstanding selection , cultivation , and application of cultivation , and the application of the research projects were accepted and accepted at a meeting in beijing . the new techniques for cultivation control were adopted . naturally , different types of poles or varieties of products can be introduced in the summer months of the same period in beijing , and the best results of the flower - flowers - style olympics held in the august of the beijing olympics were achieved
in summer in beijing , usually there can only be more than 10 grand , big or small , but most of them have long been withdrawn , either they have not yet reached the level of retaining the corn .
after making efforts , scientific research personnel selected 206 olympic varieties , of which 400 were stranded , in summer .
at the beijing haidian district leisure park , the olympic games held in 2007 , held in beijing , the first anniversary of the opening ceremony of the countdown and countdown in beijing , a group of outstanding young talents who were not able to naturally open in the 8th month of the year will greet the arrival of the qunhui with the flowers in the park .
ruling party wins parliamentary elections in turkey
xinhua news agency , july 30th , by wire ( reporter jian wang ) - the final result of the 23 rd parliamentary election announced by the supreme election commission on july 30th shows that the ruling justice and development party won 341 seats in the 550 - seat party , and won another party right .
the main opposition party , the republican people 's party , won a vote in the parliamentary election held on july 22 .
the national action party ( npa ) won 71 seats in the election .
apart from the three political parties mentioned above , 26 elected congressmen were also elected .
the new parliament of turkey will hold its first meeting in august .
all members will be sworn in and begin to perform their duties .
after that , the parliament will elect a new speaker by a non - voting method .
the parliamentary election was originally scheduled to be held in november , but in the presidential election at the end of april , the opposition parties held a vote of no confidence in the only candidate , deputy prime minister and foreign minister , gul , and caused a presidential election defeat . the parliamentary election was held ahead of time because of the opposition parties ' boycott of the only candidate .
