white house urges early release of nuclear inspectors to north korea close nuclear reactors
the white house today called for the dispatch of nuclear inspectors to monitor north korea 's closure of its nuclear reactors , and the white house made the decision after talks with south korean president lukashenko over the phone .
a white house national security council spokesman cheuk - chuk said that the two leaders discussed today the possibility of a nuclear war between the united states and south korea , and had a strong hope that the iaea would soon return to north korea , so as to monitor north korea 's nuclear reaction .
cheuk pointed out that the two presidents also expressed their satisfaction with the us - south korea free trade agreement signed yesterday and would work to ensure the smooth implementation of the agreement by the two countries ' congress .
experts believe that pyongyang 's production of plutonium in the past 20 years is sufficient to produce 12 nuclear weapons .
hill , us special envoy to the six - party talks , said last week that he expected the yongbyon nuclear reactor to be closed in mid - july .
the floods in western india killed 43
the rainstorm hit western india , which suffered a serious flooding in some areas , in the western city of daxingcheng , there are no foreign vessels in the western city .
rescue officials said today that the spine caused 43 people to pull out .
from june to september , the seasonal rain brought about a frequent spell of rain , which caused india , a country with a population of 1.10 billion , to flood and even caused casualties .
this haul of half of the victims in the rain was destroyed by floods , while other areas were damaged by houses or other hydroelectric power systems .
the indian financial center has also been affected by the spell .
in the 29 th , there was a spine of 30 - day , and the valleys were 43 centimeters .
the incumbent chief executive , barzak , said that there were 13 deaths in the single spell .
officials from the city government called on citizens to use the pows before rainy weather to protect their own safety .
the rain shook slightly yesterday , most parts of the country still flooded today .
the floods in india killed nearly 500 people
according to reports by officials and media , this year the number of deaths caused by thick rain in india has climbed to 41.9 .
the indian news trust quoted the government 's managing director , the reconstruction office , as disclosed today that india 's foreign exchange reserves have increased by a few times over the past week , and the number of casualties and economic losses in various places has only been revealed in india 's largest city , the largest city in india , and now the number of deaths has reached 3000 .
the report said that qadan was told by media when inspecting the company .
he said that at the same time , india 's largest cotton production area , lushcha province , is full of a vast ocean , with 27 cities and towns , with a cluster of houses that are seriously affected by the serious flooding , exceeding 10,000 survivors that are safely covered by the river .
india has been moving from the south to the north , entering the country one week ago , and residents of all provinces have been keeping a dry and warm feeling to greet the rain , but have not been expected to have any rains .
the winton net game george corvee 's abandonment game entered the finals .
the red earth king of spain , nalchik , today has a " red force " rival to the bronze men 's 4 th championship , a polo - polo , a competition of chicoloniate , a war of no injury , and a civil war of resistance against the newest french national team .
georgovic won the championship in the 16 th and the eight strong matches .
the fourth seed georgovic retreat , which originally had three - six - fide poles , one higher than the previous four - bearers , the second seed of the nazarbag .
besides the initial cause of the heat , the nasal started , and after being broken , it pulled out of the second , two sets of red rips , two sets of trunk combat conditions .
satellite shows iran 's tapping tunnel fears
the us institute of science and international security said today that commercial satellites show that iran is currently developing nuclear weapons in nastanzania .
these spikes are made of the earth ( including the earth ) , the itar - brand , the internet , and the scientific and international image of the website of the institute of science and international security ( cri ) on june 11 .
the research institute is located in washington , where it is a non - profit research group .
the + spine shows that only 10 kilometers south of the ntanzania facility is currently under construction along the mountain , and the facilities are a uranium enrichment factory .
analysts , albright and brown , said in a report that the seed of the tunnel was a product of unclear access .
they said : a seamless steel tunnel has been dug into the mountain and will be used to play a very good role in protecting the environment when the air raid is carried out .
un envoy holds talks with iran on nuclear issue
the united nations international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) deputy director general hainoin today held talks with iranian officials to once again try to resolve the nuclear standoff of iran .
however , iranian president ahmadinejad has been increasing under the pressure of further un sanctions .
the iranian side will not stop uranium enrichment operations , but will welcome the proposal .
he said : the installation of a flank can slow or speed up , which is a matter of implementation , but no one should expect us to abandon our rights and not to be allowed to stop this .
he arrived at the port city of norbu after arriving in norbu .
the purpose of this visit to noonen is to formulate a plan to resolve the issue of nuclear weapons triggered by iran 's nuclear program .
the united nations failed to freeze uranium enrichment operations and imposed two sanctions against iran .
the iranian news agency reported that hainuanning and the supreme council of iran 's national security council were led by assistant chairman of the international affairs committee , wadi .
the iranian delegation also includes the vice chairman of the atomic energy organization , seri and the ambassador to the international atomic energy agency , solaniya .
the spike - up of the palestinian prime minister , the new government ,
the palestinian authorities have not yet built a new type of state - owned border port in a month after the implementation of the gaza strip .
minister of agriculture and social affairs habachi told afp that the minister of agriculture , the ministry of agriculture , the ministry of agriculture , the ministry of agriculture , and the chairman presented his resignation to abbas , and he was responsible for handling the new cabinet government of the day - to - day government .
abbas 's khmer told afp that the resignation of fyad ordered him to carry out his current post until he was found to have a new government .
the respected economists , jade , proposed a resignation , but only a program - based resignation .
france and yader have led the palestinian emergency cabinet since 17 july to implement the palestinian cabinet 's violent acts in gaosui after abbas announced the spree .
according to the basic law of the palestinian autonomous government , the chip cannot exceed 30 days without the parliament 's consent , but the autonomous assembly is now in a state of deadlock .
the authority of the emergency government expires today .
wto delegates to break doha round of talks
the main wto negotiator today proposed that the united states substantially reduce its agricultural subsidies , while developing countries have substantially lowered their tariffs on industrial products , in order to break the trade frictions in the doha round .
the official said that the new version of the draft requires that us subsidies for agriculture be increased from 170 us dollars now to 140 million us dollars per year , and that developing countries will import more than 20 - billion us dollars in developing products .
the proposal aims to break the deadlock over the past six years in the doha round of talks and to bring about a compromise agreement among the wto member states .
the secretary - general of the wto said that these proposals were aimed at balancing the targets and providing a fair and reasonable framework for the agreement , which was based on fairness and rationality .
lamy said : the stipulation that membership will not be satisfied with the proposal completely , but the issue of differences is not that much more serious than the issue of reaching a consensus , the spurring of the proposal ,
he called for intensive negotiations in the next few weeks .
the impact of the earthquakes on the production of products of the day , or the production of the plant ,
japan 's strong earthquake caused a car shortage , which causes a shortage of parts and a daily production of cars , according to a manufacturer of japan 's seismic seismic seismic , which said today that they will even suspend domestic automobile production .
japan 's spicikes , which are 6.8 on the scale of the rotten royalty , the zero - chip manufacturer was forced to suspend the operation of the tokyo area and affects the production of the vehicle factory .
the world 's largest car manufacturer , a female spokesman , said that the port will suspend for domestic motor vehicles from tonight to 21 february .
japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi said that the japanese government will not approve the sale of japanese products to japan from the day to the 23 rd .
he said that both factories have two lines of production , one of which will be affected . however , the company 's stock will be increased next month .
suzuki said that the suspension of part of production , production of flavored powder , a shoiko corp , will also be suspended from tomorrow .
the chip said that it may suspend some of the supplies of pork , which may be used for the next week .
the earthquake caused at least 10 deaths and injury to people , hundreds of houses , and the spills of houses , which forced the factories in the disaster areas to stop .
the sale of powder in indonesia has canceled the sale of green bags
chih said today that in view of the surge of the purchase of hong kong earlier this month , indonesia had canceled the sale of british environmental bag .
the bus stop at the indonesian plaza in high - tech district , the official in charge of the khipelago , said that in view of the incident in hong kong , we cancel the activities in the market in view of the hong kong incident .
if the people are prepared to fight for a 140,000 - strong ljut ( about nt $ 40,000 ) , then it will not have that kind of price .
the masses of hong kong gathered outside the sales shop on the 6 th to buy suprano , a british - made neyaque , a brand - name brand of the neurotic chains , which i do not have , i am merely a protective bag , but the shopkeepers refuse , and the spiter rays triggered the scene .
the new model , which aims at environmental protection , is designed to replace the bag , but unexpectedly has become a popular target in london and new york overnight , triggering purchase and auction of web sites , and the price of the ebay has doubled to several times the price of zero .
the only country that has the right to sell shares of the suprano , said it does not confirm whether it will sell the shares in a few days .
the hostage crisis , the direct talks between south korea and north korea
the afghan authorities kidnapped 23 south korean hostages and set the deadline for today 's request for south korea to withdraw its troops from afghanistan , otherwise they would kill the hostages .
with a step - by - step , the situation has seen a positive development , south korean officials today started talks with the organization for the first time .
however , at the same time , the organization said that another german hostage kidnapped was very weak and started to sink into the danger of losing consciousness .
the company called on germany and south korea to withdraw troops from afghanistan and asked for the exchange of prisoners detained by the afghan government .
a spokesman for the + almater told afp in an unidentified location that we had extracted from the old tribes directly with south korean representatives , and the spell was directly linked to the rotten rotation .
amadi said : we hope that the talks will produce results , and the sovereignty of the country will be affected .
the hong kong time will be 10 : 30 pm ( taiwan time ) .
the duration of the span has been extended twice .
prc : rok military experts discuss sea disputes with prc over the past few days ,
because the division of the boundaries of the sea was divided into different parts , the three - day high - level military talks between the south and the north were dispersed today .
at the border city 's talks , the two sides entered the final day of the talks today . north korean chief representative kim yong - chol ( translation ) said : we have made a conclusion that we do not need any results to make such talks .
the red face - shaped face - shaped gold was clearly unhappy to criticize south korea , deliberately purifying the border of the new sea area , replacing the original northern limit of discussion with the original plan .
he pointed out that the northern line was not legally void .
the suitcase of the us military in 1953 has a range of vertical lines , such as the north korean war , which has now ended in 1953 , but has become the focus of disputes between the two koreas , and north korea has refused to admit even more .
north korea says south korea 's illegal invasion of the waters has triggered tensions , south korea said it was not justified for the allegation .
the outbreak of conflict in the local waters in june 1999 caused dozens of north korean sailors to suffer from leakage .
in june 2002 , a similar clash again occurred , with six south koreans unfortunately .
us finance secretary arrives in china for environmental protection and exchange rate
us treasury secretary powell arrived in china yesterday for a visit , and the united states is fully persuading china to further carry out the necessary economic reform and environmental protection work , especially the issue of the rmb exchange rate , which has attracted much attention .
us diplomats said that powell first went to the northwest of china 's qinghai province , the western coast of qinghai .
at present , china has more than 300 million mu of seepage - free water resources near the most aral water lake .
baucus today will be transferred to beijing to discuss with chinese officials the promotion of the us - china strategic economic dialogue initiated last year .
the main purpose of the us - china strategic economic dialogue is to discuss such issues as economic environmental protection , and the most important is the issue of the rmb exchange rate . us congressmen believe that the renminbi has been under excessive control .
the us - china trade deficit is rapidly increasing in the united states , and the pressure within the united states is gradually increasing . congressmen are prepared to take retaliatory actions to counter their so - called china unfair trade policy .
last week , the us senate finance committee passed a bill by an overwhelming majority , saying that the ministry of finance had misestimated the country 's stock exchange rate , which had a potential economic sanctions against beijing .
us congressmen said that the undervalued renminbi has caused china to sell very much goods to the united states , which has aggravated the us - china trade imbalance . last year , the us trade deficit with china has reached $ 250 million .
mueller said that it would be completely wiped out of the soccer arena 60 years old .
starting from the primitive season , muello will continue to be the media 's speculation in the future , but will not be the same as in the past . the portuguese once again stressed that he would stay in west london this summer .
some newspapers listed 14 cases of neurotic fish , but i will leave the newest coast .
musevo reiterated that he hopes to be able to picking up the pockets of the portuguese team one day , and i really want to do what i really want to do . i believe that there will always be one day portugal very much hopes that i will be the main player of the portuguese commands , and engage the spongield spongique .
however , 44 - year - old murray did not intend to make his whole life to soccer , and said he would retire 60 years ago , he did not want to be like bobby , robertson , and francisco , until the year of the year .
i have made a promise to my wife , i will not be as good as robertson and fraser .
the port of muelloo , 60 , was like a complete silk , a sweet silk .
i am too much things that i cannot do now waiting for me to do .
i do n't want to become a soccer advisor or or technical director , such as barbados or sarki .
i do not want to play such a role .
i do not want to become the chairman of a club , i only want to know about the imperial court , the mueno emphasized .
( qi liang )
cao shengjun , wang bing , a criminal gang in hongdong village in shanxi province , the court heard the case .
chinanews , july 11 - according to the public 's concern , this morning , the linfang city intermediate court heard the case of the liangsheng county 's guangsheng town in hongdong county of shanxi province , the case of wang shengbing , a soldier of cao shengjie , a soldier of a village .
many domestic media are paying attention to the progress of this case .
because the local departments concerned were relatively cautious , some reporters failed to enter the scene to gather news .
at present , the spine is still under way .
according to the briefings of the linfen intermediate court 's personnel , if the prison had smoothly completed , it estimated that the hearing had concluded that day .
but whether the + spell can be pronounced in court is still unknown .
at around 9 : 00 in the morning , some reporters noticed the scene outside the gate of the linfen city center , the luoyang city , and the other side had a quiet appearance .
perhaps , the court may feel the suspicion of the operation of the imperial purification .
i would have the result when i got up , and i believe that the law is fair .
a man who crossed the place looked at the national emblem inscription , saying himself .
prior to this , there was news in hongdong county that the defendant , wang bing , wang yuyan , cao yusheng , former secretary of the jiaosheng village party branch , had already been dismissed from the post of county people 's congress according to law .
prior to this , wang dongfeng was arrested by the police in the case of wang bing 's gang brick and ice - hotting case , and was dismissed from his post as secretary of the village party branch .
the " red force " led by the wang bing gang brick co case , has caused a dispute between china and foreign countries , and the central authorities have issued a strong instruction for a strict investigation .
the dprk and the rok have reached a agreement on cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources .
chinanews . com , july 8 .
the dprk and the rok held a joint statement on 7 june on cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources .
according to the agreement , the rok will provide the dprk with the raw materials for production of costumes and other light industrial products , and the dprk will grant the rok some of its domestic mining rights .
according to a report by the japan sending - out association , south korea and north korea held a light industry and underground resources exchange in kaesong within three days , during which they held discussions at the affairs level and finally reached an agreement .
according to the agreement , south korea will provide costume and soap production to north korea , with a total value of 90.09 yen .
in this regard , the dprk will open three privately - operated enterprises in the country to the rok .
the south korean government will withdraw a total of 300,000 tons of luoyang oil from renchuan port in the western part of the country on 25 july .
according to the plan , starting 28 july , south korea and north korea jointly conducted investigation on the eastern part of north korea .
the rok government started to activate the system to provide 400,000 tons of rice to the dprk .
after north korea expressed its willingness to actively carry out the agreement reached by the six countries , including the closure of nuclear facilities , economic cooperation between north and south korea has become more active again .
the lanzhou commodity bureau made an explanation on the restriction of the meat price , saying that the price of the beef was too high .
chinanews , lanzhou , july 10 - - ( huang party )
this afternoon , the lanzhou city bureau of commodity prices invited relevant departments to give a forum on the price of beef .
at the press conference , the ministry of supervision said that the authorities had jointly issued a paper price restriction mainly because the price of cattle was too high , exceeding the general level of tolerance .
it is reported that the rise in the meat price this time will increase by 20 percent , and data statistics show that this is the largest increase in the export of cattle in lanzhou since the first rise in the 1980 's , and this is the fastest increase since the beginning of the last century .
" the government 's behavior is to take into account the economic capability of ordinary residents in the region , and we have to pay the highest price to be investigated through cost investigation , " said the director of the lanzhou city bureau of commodity price control .
on 26 february , the bureau of the bureau of superb public health , including the lanzhou city bureau of commodity and industry , jointly issued a maximum price of beef , once the news of the price is revealed , it has aroused strong concern .
it is understood that the purpose of the forum is to extensively solicit opinions from all circles and to solicit opinions and suggestions on the next step of taiwan 's specific management measures . according to another report , lanzhou will hold a news conference tomorrow .
this will be the first time in a new york city to hold a news conference on the beef price hike incident .
penalties for the china development promotion association : stop activities for three months
chinanews , july 11 - according to information from the internet website , on july 9 , the china development and promotion association made a three - month administrative penalty on the suspension of activities in the china region development promotion association .
the penalties for the development of the chinese region have shown that the following illegal acts of the china association for promoting the development of the western region are collected according to the following criteria : the fee for collecting fees from other non - member units using supranational products is used in the following cases :
investigation shows that the household - based products ' products have a total of 21,000 yuan per year , and the volume of products made in the period from june to february 2007 , together with more than 20 units , except for one unit 's membership of 21,000 yuan , and the other one collecting fees for each household , which is equal to the cost of collecting 800,000 yuan per household , of which the products are classified as production of pigs .
the spa shall be determined according to article 33 , section 1 , section 1 , section 1 , and section 3 of the " regulations on the registration and management of social bodies " .
the rok government hopes to speed up the process of denuclearization of the peninsula through the six - party talks .
chinanews , july 12 - according to a report by the korean joint news agency , the south korean government has expressed its regret over the meeting of the heads of delegations to the six - party talks to be held in beijing on the 18th .
a spokesman for the rok ministry of foreign affairs and trade said on 12 june that he hopes to visit the dprk at this meeting of the delegation to the six - party talks to discuss ending the initial stage measures as soon as possible and to carry out the next phase of the talks , and to make concrete and substantive plans for the holding of the talks , thus speeding up the process of denuclearization on the korean peninsula .
the commentary also said : as the core of the dprk nuclear issue , the chinese government will provide a powerful security guarantee for the quick and successful realization of the denuclearization of the korean peninsula , and will work with relevant countries to this end .
officials revealed that the beijing olympic games could create the largest number of participating countries and regions .
chinanews , july 16 .
xinhua news agency reports that the beijing olympic organizing committee 's international vice minister wang shilin disclosed on 14 june that the beijing olympic organizing committee will submit a report to the international olympic committee next month on the participation of the 205 members of the international olympic committee in the olympic games .
he said that if there is no accident , the beijing olympic games will be the largest sports event in history in which countries and regions participating in the games .
the report said that from 10 to 12 april , wang shilin , on behalf of the beijing olympic organizing committee , briefed the pan - american sports organization conference on the progress of preparations for the beijing olympic games , including the progress of construction of passenger tracks , the construction of passenger tracks , and other areas .
wang said that the pan - american sports organization 's member countries and regions have expressed their concern over the beijing olympics .
it is reported that at the meeting , the international olympic committee will work with the beijing olympic organizing committee to formally invite the 205 members of the ioc to participate in the olympic games .
( gao peng , yang limin )
wang yan 's condition improved " insists on " sitting on a benchmark and limbs to restore the " two - level " muscle - muscle power
zhuhai wang yan has already been able to sit on the stool , but the time is still not too long , and she will feel like a thick , yesterday , the director of zhejiang sports bureau 's wu xqin told this reporter .
the injured wang yan 's wounds in the match continued to improve , among which the left - right leaner muscle power restored more than 10 days ago , and the spurs rose two - tier .
this month , wang yan left shanghai 's sixth hospital , which is a serious patient , to the special hospital ward . she said that her right limb had a very high level of muscle power of two to three , and her left limitations were one level .
in the past half months , wang yan 's upper limb muscle muscle has further improved .
the doctor said wang yan 's muscle had reached the level of four , which was more than five times the normal level . the leftist muscle had also reached the level of 3 . the brain - shaped wu was also said .
in other words , in less than half a month , wang yan 's upper limb muscle power restored two classes .
the spicket , wang yan , has been able to stay on the bed with the help of the doctor for five minutes .
hospital rehabilitation experts originally planned to let wang yan be admitted to a hospital in the custody of rehabilitation beds last weekend .
however , according to wang yan 's current recovery , the field rehabilitation training must be temporarily postponed .
wu xilai said : wang yan 's current training mainly uses seed seed seed , which can be used as a chip .
the venezuelan president says that the wage cut will be substantially reduced
chinanews , july 23 - according to a comprehensive report , venezuelan president hue huo made a speech on venezuela 's internal and foreign policies on 22 july .
he said that a major reduction in salaries for senior civil servants would be made .
he also said that if foreigners come to venezuela attack the venezuelan government , they will face serious consequences and will be expelled .
the company has ordered government officials to closely monitor the statements made by foreigners during their visits to venezuela and found that any person openly criticizing him or the government of the commission would have to expel him .
he said in his television speech on the evening of 22 that venezuela cannot tolerate foreign nationals ' fingerprints and legs at home .
in his speech , he also pointed out that the reduction of salaries for senior civil servants will be substantially reduced .
he said that the wages of venezuelan civil servants should not exceed the monthly wages .
it is reported that in venezuela , the monthly income of some poor people is the us dollar .
in latin american countries , the action to reduce civil servants ' salaries has become a common practice , and the people have supported it .
peru , the leaders of the country , etc. have all cut their salaries .
the company also said that cuban leader castro reminded him of the actions of the us command .
he said that carter presented him a us letter of intent , a letter written by the director of the central authorities ' front office , please see the various kinds of cia secret , which is a secret .
the spying hearing ended yesterday ,
last night beijing time , the international automaker automobile movement council held a meeting on the laarry technology espionage case in paris , where the subpoener summoned mai kai escaped a robbery : the council decided not to conduct a temporary punishment on kai - chon wheel .
the ipu official network issued a statement after the hearing , saying that the lubro - fong mangkai wheeler owns a legal entity , and the company 's current account is not sufficient .
however , the larry technology espionage case has not been listed in this respect .
the chairman of the board of automobile sports also said in the decision : if the discovery of the legal valery in the future is used to harm the championships , we will reserve the right to demand the rotation of the board of car movement to return to the hearing , and they may face the pressure of abolishing 2007 , or even the right to participate in the competition in 2008 .
the three - wheel - main designer of the maikay wheel , mike cohen , who has been suspended , has been found to have a nearly 800 - page technical document , which includes the design of the ferraro , the dynamics of 2007 , the construction of a series of links , including the development and operation of the polymic testing system .
the roofer , the coach , before the parking , did not know any other people knew this information , and the rotary glass was not used in the rotary flower .
( wang yuan )
experts believe that the production of imported products in the short run will not be used to divert domestic funds .
chinanews . com , july 30 .
according to a report by china securities news , a few days ago , the " interim measures for the management of foreign investment of insurance funds " was promulgated , and insurance funds have a broader space for the use of the capital market .
china 's top investment officer of the hydroelectric company , liu lefei , believes that the appreciation of the rmb and the improvement of the domestic capital market will not be made by insurance institutions to invest overseas through overseas investment , which also means that the foreign purchase of insurance products will not be used to fend domestic stock market funds within the short term .
the report said that many insurance companies hold the same view .
experts said that since there is still no market for renminbi , insurance institutions have not yet used risky means , and therefore the timing for large - scale foreign exchange is not ripe .
liu lefei said : in the long term , the foreign investment should be increased at an annual rate of about one percent in the overall distribution of insurance companies .
however , in view of the fact that the rmb is under a large appreciation pressure , china will mainly use its own foreign exchange funds to invest overseas .
with regard to foreign exchange purchases and foreign exchange investments , we should take this matter cautiously .
( sui )
china 's direct losses this year amounted to 52.5 billion yuan in flood prevention and drought control
this reporter has learned from the state flood prevention and drought control headquarters that the whole country had flooded 180 million mu of land , of which 5.414 million mu were hit , 1.19 million people were affected , and the number of people died because of the disaster , 45.5 houses were affected , and the direct economic losses were 5.25 - billion yuan .
the total area of farmland being hit by drought in the country is 140 - billion mu , with the number of mu of land involved in drought breaking out due to the difficulty in getting land in circulation .
in july , the national flood prevention and drought control headquarters , in light of the current grim situation in flood prevention and drought control , made urgent arrangements .
the provincial authorities have requested that all provinces along the huai river and the general headquarters for flood prevention strengthen their flood prevention , sealing up the flood prevention period , and winning a comprehensive victory in flood prevention .
the state flood control and drought relief headquarters and other departments have sent three work teams to fight against floods , one line and one dry area to direct flood prevention and drought control work .
at present , the work of preventing earthquakes is being carried out in a tense and orderly manner , and the operations of the chang honghuahe is also leaking into the river in an orderly manner . the three provinces of jiangsu are located in the area of land .
the spine does not have a large risk .
according to the plan , the province of heilongjiang and jiangxi launched an emergency response to drought control , and the work of drought control is being carried out in an orderly and intensive way .
chinese vice - premier li lanqing met here friday with a delegation from the united states .
chen shui - bian 's secret approval of the judicial intervention in the election of taiwan 's " court of justice " denied and demanded an explanation
chinanews , july 30 chen shui - bian questioned the taiwan judicial personnel 's attempt to get involved in the election of leaders in the taiwan region .
taiwan 's prison administration has high administrative power .
according to a report in taiwan 's " ho pao , " chen shui - bian questioned the prosecutor or the investigator because of political factors or election considerations , and the involvement of the case may even affect the election campaign activities of the candidates of various parties , saying that he hopes this phenomenon will not exist in taiwan , but it may be very difficult .
in view of chen shui - bian 's question , taiwan judicial director yue , who does not respond to , secretary - general fan kuang , whose power is higher than the other , the higher authority of the supreme court is represented in the judicial courtroom .
gao jinzhi said : taiwan 's basic law and the code of conduct of judges have clearly declared that judges should be allowed to go beyond the party parties or to participate in activities of political parties , and that judges are very cautious about strictly observing relevant restrictions , and that the court believes that judges are doing a good job in this regard .
gao jinchi pointed out that the gaoxiong sedan , a judge of the gaoxiong higher court , had participated in a course at the kadenge school several years ago , that is , because the relevant courses have the flavor of a political party , they are a self - discipline committee formed by judges .
zhang shengxi once wanted to join the dpp , and because of the controversy over holding office and running for the election , he finally decided to give up the decision .
gao jinzhi said that if the case was tried in a few cases , the court would not have a spell of such a case alone according to the results of the judgment . the judge should not have any political intention .
germany to lower import threshold for its professional personnel
xinhua news agency , berlin , july 1 ( reporter wang huaicheng )
german education and scientific research minister satten recently said that germany should lower the " law on investment in foreign specialized personnel " and reduce the number of foreign experts to be recruited through the introduction of more foreign talents to solve the problem of the professional personnel needed in germany .
according to the oecd report , germany is 15 to 64 years old , and the number of the workforce will drop year by year .
if there is no sufficient migration , the german labor force will be less than the current figure .
however , the german federation of employers and the german engineers association have reported that germany 's current labor market has a large number of professional technical personnel , such as engineers , which are more professional .
according to statistics from the federal labor bureau , the german labor market underwent a total of about 1,300 tons of copper , which was 7,000 tons of steel , and the supply of some 9,600 technicians in may .
germany has made a lot of efforts to protect its own people 's employment , and to introduce foreign talent .
germany 's " supra law " stipulates that professionals from non - eu countries are not less than 850,000 euros in germany , otherwise they cannot be granted a job or residence permit in germany .
shawan suggested that the quota be lowered to include euro .
do not superstitiously abide by the law ;
the " draft law on lawyers , " which was submitted to the npc standing committee for deliberation recently , stipulates : " lawyers who have engaged in law research and other professional work , have higher ranks or higher levels of professional personnel , and apply for legal practice , after being approved by the judicial and administrative departments of the state council , can be appointed as legal counsel .
( " chinaman , " on 28 june )
the law has a legal system that integrates theory with the traditional business , with the traditional teaching method , which mainly includes legal research and other activities such as copying , but the latter is more engaged in the legal consultation process , legal consultation , and other specific activities .
for a long time , the law has , in addition to the existing stipulations on the use of foreign language , the phenomenon of the use of foreign language , the use of foreign language , the lack of necessary land , the lack of necessary authority in the field of real affairs , and the lack of necessary need for the development of the western region .
with regard to such differences in division of labor , what the law can do is to keep the silk , not to support any side .
however , the legal system of the procuratorial organs has a clear legal system , but it has objectively recognized the legal system , which is higher than the legal domain in terms of legal affairs .
in fact , some enterprises engaged in the use of such purely theoretical research and teaching methods as the legal system , and their theoretical charm is more closely related to the legal practice .
in this way , the binding system of lawyers undoubtedly provides legal , legal , and confusing qualifications for the legal field , an area that has an extremely bad influence , and a brand - new type of business has a bearing on the image of the household .
the superstition of the arc theoretical circles is more than these , such as the experts ' proof and feasibility studies , which may affect or even reject court rulings , and also directly manifest this superstition .
encourage chinese - funded vessels to hoiste
the reporter learned from the pla daily , feng liwei .
judging from the state council 's briefing , it has learned that beginning 1 july , china will implement the international shipping regulations of china , which include the international shipping special case , the policy of encouraging the return of chinese - funded ships that hoisted foreign flags , and obtain the permission of the prc to register the vessels that are registered in china .
to further promote the healthy development of the maritime industry in our country , and to strengthen the country 's sovereignty , the state has decided to issue a large number of ships that have registered and hung foreign flag in china 's international shipping industry . the ministry of communications recently issued the " circular on implementing the special project of international shipping with chinese funds , " clearly specifying that the special case should be covered with the conditions and procedures for application for handling such cases .
the application for the ship can choose shanghai 's port to handle the registration procedures for vessels .
britain lowers terrorist attack
xinhua news agency , london , july 5 - - - ( reporter guo lin )
the british government has destroyed the range of the attacks from the highest level to the serious layer of the british , which indicates that the terrorist attacks in britain will not occur , but the attacks are extremely likely to be launched .
at present , the british police have shifted the scope of investigation to india and australia .
the eight arrested suspects were all arrested in the medical system , and the government would take necessary measures to ensure that the foreign immigrants who have entered the medical system work are treated in a state of emergency .
it is reported that there are nearly 10,000 medical staff working in the british public health system who have obtained medical qualifications overseas .
the prime minister also demanded that the outside world conduct investigations on the background of high - tech migration , and the employers or relevant organizations will be required to provide background information .
i do n't let the dealer hate with my mouth .
the tourism industry is slackening its efforts to make things clean , and to the greatest extent the conservation of nature and social civilization .
but when they go abroad , many people have encountered such a kind of worry , and they are sued by traders and intermediary businesses .
both cars and trains , the trucks , will always be subject to the pressure of small traders and some unauthorized intermediary .
it is not selling floral pie , but selling off magazine , and it is also a matter of many unspecified intermediary giving briefings about food , alcohol , or even false license .
if you do n't accept it , he can chase you several hundred meters , you will be jen if you are not successful .
in some areas , there are also the same feelings in the style .
if we enter the gate , some people would like to use the seed and the little things that were related to the tourism .
after entering the door , this situation will be even more serious , and the yaxing will be mired and skeptical .
some media have reported that many foreign tourists visiting xian have made a spin of the ancient silk of xian , but they do not have a clear idea of allowing more small businessmen to be dusty .
these include the hypothesis of the purification of the brain , the spikes and the places that are needed to be built in an orderly manner , and to provide a quiet and harmonious environment for the purpose of keeping a clean heart .
the freedom of the traders is confusing the mind of the business owners , and objectively sabotaging these kinds of public order , creating a brand - new pattern of pollution and environmental pollution . at the same time , it provides the cornerstone and the opportunity .
what is important is that these are the windows for the construction of local spiritual civilization , and the whole of the damage is not only the problem of image , but also the impact on local economic development .
just think , if you want to make the tourism industry strong , you will use this kind of chaotic tourist environment to greet the tourists coming from south to north , who will still want to come , who will dare to come ?
how did your tourism economy achieve economic results ?
with the arrival of the peak tourist season , the number of tourists from the northern part of the country should be regarded as a matter of top priority .
i do n't know whether the market is a market , the small merchant hawker 's operational behavior should be standardized , and the unlicenced business must be resolutely cancelled , and illegal activities should be resolutely cracked down .
a civilized and orderly environment can allow the glut to be happily and happily , and the huredling of the city to come again .
in a word , do n't let the traders get involved .
the red army has made active repayment of insurance benefits .
the dongcheng district in beijing has built - in products such as electric products , which are used as a minimum guarantee for the protection of 12 households .
( " xin jing bao " on 10 july )
this writer feels happy for the improvement of family life , but he voluntarily withdrew from the protection , and also made rewarding of the use of polylene .
chifeng street office deputy director said that in view of the problems of cheating low - protection , encouraging active reparations is the most important thing for other low - income households .
if this model is to encourage other low - income insurers to free themselves from their difficulties through their own efforts , it is indeed worth advocating , and if this kind of thing is to call up the like to call up those who have been swindling for a long time , it is not possible to be some naive .
in differentiating and cleaning up insect protection , we should rely more on the law .
the departments concerned should strengthen the protection of low - income households when enjoying the minimum allowance : if timely information on family members and changes in income , report on employment , accept periodic reviews , and other relevant departments should intensify supervision and inspection .
after all , the imperial seepage of the imperial seepage is a long - term measure .
the street has given the reinsurance authority a reward to the family whose spell is buried .
as a first - level government organization , the street 's expenditure is borne by fiscal appropriations .
the amount of the penny must not be the same as that of the taxpayer ?
on the one hand , withdrawal from the low - income families proves that they have a certain degree of self - sufficiency capability , and on the other hand , the applicants for low - income insurance do not still exist ?
the government finance department , which is called a life - saving money , should send emergency aid in snowy weather instead of adding more flowers to the brocade .
liu dianyi is willing to serve as a service provider .
on 10 july , the first person in charge of town affairs directly selected by the people from the county of qilang , liu guiyi , was elected for the fourth time after he took office , accepting democratic petition for the fourth time , reaching 97.6 percent .
at the press conference , liu cong - yi described his position as " a good opportunity " for service providers .
( yesterday 's " new beijing post " )
liu lianyi 's services may be more than a few cadres in the system of appointment , and the personnel of the enterprises of the power of authenticity , make people of the country even more true .
the number of candidates for the posts of candidates is the largest in terms of the system of appointments , and the former is mainly determined by ordinary party members , and the latter is mainly appointed by upper - level organizations , and the orientation of the source of power determines that the former must be in the first place to be responsible to the people .
the source of power and the responsibility to whom are the key to determining the way the person elected will carry out his work .
some people doubt such democracy , like a flank like a democracy .
my view is that there is such a democratic form of corruption , which is even less than the form of a spin .
considering the reality of the history and current situation of the building of democracy at the grass - roots level in china , i think that the open election is a major breakthrough , democracy is an important component part of the development of democracy at the grass - roots level , and it is not impermissible to underestimate the progress of democratic politics at the grass - roots level .
india is expected to elect first female president , analysts say that the possibility of winning the election is relatively great , and female voters hope that it will raise the status of women .
on 23 june , pager , in front of the presidential candidate 's document ,
indian presidential election began on 19 july . the new president will be elected as the new vice president of india under the leadership of current vice president chawalit and the state of rabat , a dominican republic , and a palm strife .
phum is the first female presidential candidate in indian history . if she is elected , she will become the first female citizen in india .
phum is a candidate for the ruling national congress party , while shevardnadze comes from the opposition party .
because the national congress party holds a dominant position in the presidential election group , the media and the people have successively expressed the possibility of getting elected .
the 72 - year - old pagbalha is the female governor of rajasthan state .
she has a lawyer , a popular company , and a rich experience in the national assembly .
she also devoted herself to social welfare , which is a common practice of many cultural undertakings and social welfare organizations .
analysts pointed out that pager became a candidate because she steadfastly added to the indian national party chairman sonik .
in india , the gandan family has long controlled the ruling congress party .
pachi was popular among a large number of female voters , and female voters believed that pager would discriminate against the female image of india , which was a serious problem of discrimination in women 's concepts , to raise the status of women .
the constitution stipulates that india is a federal state and the president is the nominal head of state and the president , and not represents any party , more political parties , and more people .
( yen ying - sui )
the united states supports the palestinian government 's expulsion of extremists
xinhua news agency , washington , july 22 ( reporter xu qisheng )
us president bush said on 21 march that the united states will fully support the pakistani government 's decision to upgrade the base , the hohhot organization , and the extremist elements from the region at the border between pakistan and afghanistan .
bush said in his weekly radio address that according to the new us intelligence , the us military base has deployed a new type of missile in the border between pakistan and afghanistan , and the security of the hiding body is covered .
he said he was very concerned about this .
bush said that the united states will continue to support pakistani president musharraf and will stick to the alliance with musharraf and armed elements .
the " national intelligence assessment report " recently published by the united states points out that muslim armed organizations are particularly the bases of bin laden , which constitute a threat to the united states .
mashariyev and his party held talks last september with some tribes in northern palestine on preventing clashes between forces of the border guards and other organizations of the al-qaeda members .
these areas are not willing or have no capability to use their own territory to protect the security of the region .
bush 's speech on the early recording of the new chief executive indicated that musharraf is taking active steps to correct this mistake .
us hopes that the dprk nuclear agreement will be fully implemented
xinhua news agency , washington , july 24 ( reporter xu qisheng )
the us assistant secretary of state on the dprk nuclear issue christopher hill , the chief us representative to the six - party talks , said on 23 june that the six - party talks on the korean nuclear issue held last week were extremely important , and that the move was just the preliminary action of the implementation of the agreement .
the united states hopes that the " 19 september common statement " and the " 2 february joint document " on resolving the dprk nuclear issue will be fully implemented .
at a press conference on the same day , schroeder said that in order to achieve the goal of completely resolving the dprk nuclear issue , it is necessary for the dprk to declare its entire nuclear program by the end of this year and to achieve the goal of using nuclear facilities to achieve its functions .
he expressed the hope that all parties concerned will comprehensively fulfill their commitments made in the six - party talks on the korean nuclear issue within one year .
hill also said that the united states will continue to make efforts to resolve the nuclear issue on the korean peninsula while holding talks on security issues .
the weather has led to the rapid reduction of the alps ' ice - sweetened glaciers .
the reporter learned from the " donghai " company of the chinese people 's liberation army [ pla ] in geneva in july that
the swiss academy of sciences ' long - term observation study has found that in 1850 , the lakes were tracked and the remaining 350 glaciers were shrinking at an average annual rate of 3-4 percent .
the spickness alone has caused the melting of alps ' ice .
experts believe that by the year of 2100 , if global temperature increases three , glaciers will be reduced by 10 percent compared with now , and the growth of five glaciers will vanish .
allechia is one of the longest ice - sculptures in europe , listed in the un , but the natural heritage of the world is expected to grow by one year in 2006 .
the picture is about 23 km long of arlech glaciers .
photo by liu jun
the various kinds of proposals for the beijing olympic games have vowed to be civilized consumers .
the reporter learned from the beijing news agency on 30 july that
reporter liang jie has learned from the china consumer association that at the 29 th olympic games on 8 august , the first anniversary of the overdue computation will soon be held in beijing , the shanghai municipal association of directors of shanghai municipal consumer protection committee , the huaxian consumer association , the qhuanghuanghuangpu consumer council , and the hong kong consumer council , using the six - city consumer rights and interests protection organization as the basis , proposing to the consumer that , with civilization , the content
the proposal said that in terms of my awareness of the olympic games , knowledge of emulation , and knowledge of civilization , putting into practice the practices of society , and making a civilized image of the modern society ;
enhance our awareness of the green olympics , protect the ecological environment , cherish the memory , actively promote sustainable consumption , and be a consumer who advocates green consumption ;
we should establish the awareness of being diligent and frugal , change the concept of consumption , blindly plant the tracks , oppose extravagance and waste , and be rational consumers with a scientific concept of consumption .
we should enhance our awareness of protecting consumer rights , take the initiative to participate in social supervision , consciously respect intellectual property rights , correctly understand rights and obligations , and be a consumer who acts according to law and rationally defend their rights .
promote a sense of urgency and a sense of active participation , propagate the olympic concept , and be the disseminator of the olympic spirit .
the police ' chain ' hong kong 's ' alongside ' business now celebrates the 10 - year anniversary of the reversion of hong kong .
on 1 july , the police of jinghai monastery in nanjing once again sounded and siled bell .
this heavy historical recitation was revealed through the television network , which connects mainland china , hong kong , and nanjing residents and hong kong compatriots , which together sped the rotten vitality of hong kong to celebrate the 10 th anniversary of hong kong 's return to the motherland .
on july 1 , 10 years ago , the imperial household of nanjing jinghai monastery resounded over the rooftop of the belt of jinghai monastery . the bell was a cosmetic cosmetic of the hong kong island .
the unlarge intrinsic mass of people from all walks of life in nanjing gathered together , saying that it would be like this alarm through its own spell , and that it would always warn itself and not forget history .
the alarm bells are 1.82 meters tall and the alarm bell is in the coastal area of nanjing during the time of the outbreak of the nanjing treaty in 1842 .
chung shoulders 1.977 metres , and the hong kong 's sovereignty has a suitcase of the sun .
the planning and casting of the police world in those years , wang fengling , explained that there are five characters of the chinese characters around the bell , all of which are high - sculptures , two longing fans , and two pieces of fire - tying glasses , which symbolize hong kong as the oriental pearl of the motherland , and the final goal of the nanjing city of the mewfa as a pile of land .
the first proposal in the past to build a police force was deeply impressed by yu dongfu 's character , saying : hong kong 's reversion has been 10 years old , and he hopes that hong kong will be able to establish a business like that of hong kong tomorrow , and that is bound to open up a new type of flower , which is a brand - new type .
( end ) ( zhu xiaoying and liu yang )
the russian security agency accused the exiled oligan " conspiratorial " of launching
russian oligarchs in exile in london , byzoellick , attorney , announced on 2 july that the russian federal security bureau had formally put forward a new charge against his litigant , accusing kku of plotting violence to plot the country in an attempt to seize the russian regime in exile .
borokov pointed out : belzovsky made the above remarks when interviewed by the british newspaper " guardian " in april this year : he is planning to launch a grand commemorative alliance in russia to prove himself to the right - wing elite representatives opposing the authorities ' policies .
the russian federal security bureau 's reconnaissance bureau immediately issued a circular in accordance with the provisions of article 278 of the russian criminal law on criminal cases of the other side of the union , under the provisions of the clause of the " russian criminal law , " officially lodging a relevant charge to the moscow state security bureau .
it is reported that in february 2006 , the russian federal procuratorate proposed criminal cases against him , and based on the same legal precedent of the exile , it confirmed that he was trying to seize the russian regime by force .
because of peres ' consistently exiled abroad , he was unable to extradite , and in january 2007 russia temporarily suspended the investigation of the case .
on 2 july , the moscow state duma began to try the case of another case of criminal case involving the oligarchy . the russian general procuratorate accused perezovsky of embezzling 214 - million rubles of russian airlines , money laundering 16 - million rubles , and the court decided to postpone the hearing until 12 july to conduct an investigation in the court , and the defendant 's lawyer here will be appointed to defend the case .
bell believes that these are all things that are unclear to the defense lawyers of their own , and that they participate in their activities .
( bi yuan )
guangxi 's sanhua position subject to supervision of administrative efficiency : 619 people are held responsible
since the beginning of this year , various localities and departments in guangxi have launched activities to change the style of cadres and promote the construction of administrative efficiency . they have set strict requirements for the establishment of the system of accountability for administrative efficiency , and 33 key administrative examination and approval departments directly under the autonomous region have been included in the supervision of administrative efficiency .
up to now , 619 people have been held responsible for the crime .
on 5 april , the discipline inspection commission of the autonomous region learned that at present , guangxi has initially formed the administrative functions of the huaxian city 's administrative efficiency supervision network , strengthened supervision of key departments , and 14 departments have established offices of electronic supervision .
the autonomous region 's administrative efficiency electronic monitoring system directly links with the key areas and links of the investment environment and the production and life of the people , and the key departments directly under the autonomous region 's authorities have such responsibilities as : one of the departments responsible for examination and approval , one of which is responsible for the operations of departments directly under the autonomous region , further standardizing examination and approval , and improving the efficiency of examination and approval .
at the same time , discipline inspection and supervision organs at all levels in guangxi have strictly investigated and dealt with cases involving work style and damage to the interests of the masses . up to now , they have investigated and verified 1parts , cracked 769 cases , and investigated 584 units and 619 persons .
the party committee standing committee secretary ma qi said on 5 april that supervision of administrative efficiency is a system that has always been in line with administrative activities , and it should be gradually formed into long - term mechanisms .
guangxi should further improve and standardize various kinds of administrative management practices , establish and improve a mechanism and mechanism for supervising administrative efficiency , and put the supervision of efficiency into the system of supervision , and further standardize the supervision and inspection procedures , improve the mechanism and the efficiency evaluation mechanism for evaluating administrative achievements , and intensify the investigation of responsibility so as to investigate and affix responsibility for the first time and to handle the system of responsibility and the system of setting quotas .
the chinese government will continue to strengthen its cooperation with the united states in the field of energy , said a senior chinese official here thursday .
nato does not rule out the possibility of cooperating with the united states on the issue of the abm system .
nato news officer simon demansson said in an exclusive interview with xinhua on 9 may that he does not rule out the possibility of linking the us anti - missile system with the nato 's own defense system .
the people of the two countries have been studying the us strategy to develop the anti - missile system , said simon manzesa .
she said : nato has its own theater missile defense system and has started discussions on the establishment of a strategic missile defense system , and it is very important to link the us anti - missile system with nato 's own defense system .
she also said that the united states ' establishment of an anti - missile system in europe would be a timely exchange of information with russia through various channels .
the chinese government will continue to support the development of the western region of the united states , according to a report from the chinese foreign ministry here today .
two jordanian people arrested for planned attack
two jordanian men arrested for plotting attacks on americans in jordan on 11 april , the jordanian national security court sentenced him to imprisonment .
both of them are the 25 - year - old man , one of the hohhot , and the other eight years ' imprisonment plus a labor service .
the court official said that hutali was also charged with illegally holding possession of pows , and found at his house a assault vehicle , while searching his house .
the court originally decided to sentenced huitan to life imprisonment and then gave him a supra , a chance to change the situation of an alcohol , which will be reduced for eight years .
the indictment said that the two defendants decided to provide security for those countries that were cheeks bullied by the americans after the outbreak of the iraq war , and therefore plotted to attack americans living in jordan .
in august 2006 , they hired a man named anman living in the capital of jordan , but they were not sure how to use the weapons before they were attacked .
the indictment did not make public the identity of the american .
the indictment also accused the two defendants of planning to attack other americans , but did not reveal any specific details .
the chinese government will continue to support the development of the western region of the country , said a senior chinese official here thursday .
diabetes drug - related reports have increased by a big margin
according to a report by the us media on 15 june , the adverse effects of the anti - diabetes drug , such as the heart disease , have recently shown a trend of sharp increase in the united states .
the us food and drug administration issued a safety warning in may this year , suggesting diabetes patients to be cautious in words , because scientists had found a new type of medicine in a new edition of " new ones " published on 21 may . this kind of beef - selling medicine would substantially increase the incidence of heart diseases and the purification of patients .
the vaniya is therefore closely watched by the doctor and the patient .
statistics show that around 30 % of the households in the united states have been informed of the safety warnings in about a month .
in january and february this year , the pharmacy and poisons board received only 50 cases and 73 adverse reactions reports respectively .
these bad reactions are less than water foam , and are more important than sudden heart attack .
however , the drug experts of the us drug administration believe that the results of the insecure conclusion reached by the man diego are still early .
the board will hold a meeting on the encryption of daniel on july 30 .
in 1999 , the spielia was a pancreas injector , which was used in therapeutic codes .
around 6 million diabetes patients have taken or are taking dietary reynolds .
the british greenery , the greenspan company , has always believed that clerk is safe and that to patients , the more he is concerned about the safety of the patient is than the irritating .
us wants to resume middle east peace talks
us president bush delivered a speech in washington on 16 june , calling for a meeting to discuss the palestine - israel issue this fall to invite israel to visit the territory of some of the neighboring arab countries and other relevant countries to jointly promote the resumption of peace in the middle east .
on 17 july , bush also called egyptian president mubarak , jordanian king hussein , and king of saudi arabia , respectively , asking them to respond positively to the initiative and to take concrete actions to support abbas , chairman of the palestinian national authority , and help palestine and israel resume peace talks at an early date .
abbas says plo central committee to discuss palestine 's early election
abbas , chairman of the palestinian national authority , said in ramallah on 18 march that the palestinian liberation organization ( plo ) central committee held a two - day meeting on that day , and the meeting will discuss the possibility of holding a pre - election of the palestinian national authority and the legislative council .
abbas made the remarks when meeting with the european union 's foreign and security officials in charge of foreign affairs and security affairs in the prime minister 's office of ramallah on the same day .
at the same time , abbas expressed satisfaction with the relations between the palestinian national authority and the eu .
he said : the palestinian side welcomes the eu 's positive understanding of the palestinian president 's office .
abbas urged the eu to continue providing humanitarian aid to the palestinian people in gaza .
he reiterated the eu 's stance on abbas and the palestinian people .
he said that the question of the middle east ( the united nations , the united states and russia ) will hold a meeting on 19 june to discuss the issue of restarting the middle east peace process , and in the next few days there may be proposals for it .
the eu has already made a decision on the deployment of international forces in gaza , but it still needs to discuss with other parties , especially with the united nations .
china 's foreign trade volume in the first half of this year reached a record high of 38.6 billion us dollars , up 28.4 percent year - on - year , according to the ministry of foreign trade and economic cooperation ( moftec ) .
jiangxi will provide a 30 - year - long service for health talent in rural areas
for a long time , a large number of specialized health technicians in rural areas have made contributions to the grassroots health undertakings and the health of the masses , and the household health products have been used in rural areas .
jiangxi province recently decided to carry out a three - year compulsory education on the rural areas with health technical personnel who have been engaged in rural rural health work for 30 years .
according to the jiangxi provincial health department , the number of people who are engaged in health - related work in the township health care institution , which is run by the government , has a higher level of medical academic qualifications , and a continuous specialized health technology of higher than primary health level . all those who are engaged in continuous or merger work in the township health and village blood - prevention group and epitomized village , which have worked for more than 30 years , are on the award level .
the first batch of confirmed final accounts was late july .
the rural health personnel who meet the requirements should not only be allowed to engage in rural health work for 30 years , but also have a special column for the examination of rural public health products .
senior - level professional examinations are solidified and have a practical work ability , and appropriate relaxation of the conditions for scientific research and theses , and giving priority to the business after getting qualified .
the jiangxi provincial health department will also arrange a certain number of vacation places each year to provide a certain amount of funding support .
starting this year , jiangxi province will conduct a series of activities to collect and use public health products in rural areas every two years , and recommend the establishment of such projects .
the chinese government will continue to support the development of the western region , said a senior chinese official here thursday .
the us defense department reconsidered the plan to reduce us troops stationed in europe
a us defense department official said on 23 march that due to the changes in the iraq war and the world situation , the us defense department is now reconsidering the plan to reduce the number of us troops stationed in europe by about half .
us media quoted a defense department official as saying that because the iraq war is still going on and the us - russian and iranian relations have worsened , the defense ministry has imposed a mandatory requirement on the feasibility of the european garrison plan .
rumsfeld , then defense secretary , announced that the united states would deploy troops in europe by 2012 .
at present , the total strength of the us troops stationed in europe has already fallen to the side of others .
however , in june this year , us european command headquarters quoted the current defense minister 's report , saying that the decision was questioned .
the report says that the us troops in europe , while reducing their troops , many troops were transferred to iraq and afghanistan in turn , making the number of us troops stationed in europe lacking enough , and thus unable to conduct normal cooperation with the european allies .
the report suggests that the us military in europe be halted .
relevant us experts believe that the above phenomena show that the postponement of the iraq war has already caused chaos in the original us military 's adjustment plan .
the chinese government will continue to work with the united states to promote the development of the economy , said a senior chinese official here thursday .
in shandong 's yuzhou , traffic safety films are being sent to the community , and the number of people involved in the construction work is increasing .
people 's network , qingdao , july 26 ( reporter song xuechun and fan zhongliang )
in order to further deepen the urban civilization , the three imperatives have raised the awareness of the law of transportation and traffic safety of the general public , and have strengthened their consciousness of observing the law . from 20 to 10 august ( from 20 july to 10 august ) , the linzhou city 's zhoumo city 's awareness of the need to build a three - dimensional field in the city 's lai square , sanjiu city , sanjiu town , liangwu town , li@@
before the film was put on display , the lianhe gang printed " protection of life " -- the public 's letter to the general public " and some publicity materials .
the scene of the film has aroused the admiration of the citizens , and the scenes of the rotten ones have played a great warning .
in particular , the special feature film " on the road to school " has enabled the neurons to understand what is happening in the world .
the film attracted more than 3,000 residents around the square to watch , especially some film productions of glube and migrant workers in yuzhou , all sitting in the center of the site with great interest .
the community should be open to the public through transportation , film production , and other activities .
china 's catering industry to be implemented in line with public health
in order to better implement the " food hygiene law " and the " decision of the state council on further strengthening food safety , " the ministry of health has set up two special health supervision centers in haidian district of beijing municipality , hayamu district of beijing municipality , and lianyungang city of zhejiang province , luzhou city of henan province , hubei province , hubei province , hainan province , and hainan province 's sanhilun city health ministry .
this system will gradually open to the whole country .
the public system for food safety supervision is an important measure adopted by the public in the daily health supervision system to supervise the health of food and drink units , the system of hygiene management , the health management of health personnel , the health of employees , the quality of food , the labelling and the food labelling process , the health and food hygiene of the environmental protection area of the health protection area , and the food and food hygiene department of the food and environmental protection department of the food and food bureau
according to the briefing , the public display will adopt unified and standardized format and the contents of the information , including nine on - site inspections of the health situation , and the comprehensive evaluation results of the iip review of the health supervision opinions of the site , the name of the monitoring institution , and the number of customer complaints and complaints received by customers , and will be posted at the gate of the unit or the prominent position of the restaurant entrance to the customer to understand the status of the dining health
the united states has decided to set up a new office in the united states in the first half of this year .
un security council decides to extend peacekeeping force in ethiopia
the un security council unanimously adopted a resolution on 30 july , agreeing to include the un peacekeeping troops in eritrea and the iya peacekeeping force ( eritrea ) by extending the period of six months to january next year .
the resolution called on all parties concerned to honor their commitments , exercise restraint , ease the tense situation , avoid untuitary military activities , and urge el nina to immediately link its troops and equipment out of the interim security zone , and appeal to the less - than - normal deployment of military forces in the nearby provisional security area .
the resolution requires immediate action to make the ecuadorian border committee unsealed in the absence of any state of affairs , and requires eritrea to no longer delay the construction of a border , and to cancel the operation of eritrean and all restrictions on the operation of eritrean .
the resolution reiterated full support for the work of the ecuadorian border committee and expressed appreciation for the committee 's decision to hold a meeting with the two sides in new york on september 6 .
in 1998 , eroa and hyoya broke out border conflicts , killing many people .
in june 2000 , ethiopia and eritrea signed a cease - fire agreement in algiers , the capital of algeria .
the united nations began to deploy peacekeeping forces in the ethiopian - ecuador border in july 2001 to supervise the implementation of the cease - fire agreement between the two countries .
the chinese government will continue to strengthen its cooperation with the united states in the fields of education , culture , health and sports , said a senior chinese official here thursday .
to meet the needs of the national olympic games at the national level ,
chengdu , june 30
xing zhilian reporter : to implement the party central committee 's important instructions on building a harmonious socialist society and to coordinate with the building of new socialist rural areas , the entire people 's business , the theme of the olympics , and the cultural life of the masses , the online games , the national county - level management competition , xing duo , 30 of the city 's two - city outlet , opened in chengdu .
the six - day race attracted more than 300 athletes from 10 counties across the country .
according to the regulations , athletes participating in this competition must be the ones aged 18 or above .
all the sports departments and state sports administration personnel in 2007 are registered as professional and professional athletes .
the latest chinese language testing system , the latest chinese seamless association , was adopted in this competition , which will be divided into two stages in the preliminary matches and the final .
the competition was jointly organized by the state sports general bureau and the china association for sports tourism , the china international sports association , and other organizations .
in recent years , the shuangcirculated county 's cultural and sports undertakings have developed rapidly , and the county has successively obtained the title of national sports county , the national sports advanced units of the masses , and a series of other units of the masses of the people .
in the construction of new rural areas , in particular , double - circulated counties have vigorously carried out projects to build peasants ' sports facilities and beautify rural areas ' landscaping facilities , integrating such projects with the development of rural sports facilities , and building rural sports centers to enable the sports service system to cover rural areas and to actively promote and develop sports facilities with local characteristics .
the three functions of modern military uniform
the first is the identification function .
different countries ' armed forces have different types of armed forces and important symbols of the people .
in the world , the number of troops from more than 100 countries , although the use of military uniforms is basically the same , no country or two armies have the same uniform .
second , symbolic functions .
to a certain extent , military uniforms are the crystallization of the national spirit and characteristics of a country , and are also the traditional charm of the military 's combat capability of a country .
in the courtyard , the three - dimensional military uniforms , the most powerful military uniform show the military power of the army , and the globe of the beauty .
third , the protective function .
with the rapid development of new and high weapons and equipment , the comprehensive protection capability of new - type operational and training uniforms has the features of defense against the use of bulletproof poles , the prevention of chemical brush radiation , and the alrotic algae , and other functions , which have become the most important factor in military uniform development .
( shi wei )
the party committee of a certain brigade handled the problem of having the courage to handle it .
chengdu , 3 july ( jiefangjun bao )
mr suiyama said that the new system , which can keep the roofs , benefited from the efforts of the party committee of the group in clearing the house and the determination and power of the dormitory .
today , a certain communications training group of the chengdu military region has more than 10 cadres who have moved from the house . each of them looks like a color . the party committee of the chengdu military region has solved the problem of having the courage to tackle the tough problems , full of admiration and legs .
a few years ago , with personnel 's contacts , the unit 's family building was destroyed in violation of regulations . this enabled the cadres to have difficulties in housing , and the officers and soldiers had a relatively large opinion on this .
the group also had a few vacation rooms , and they were all unable to clear because of various resistance , thus making this problem become an old problem .
a spell of fish can only be found in a neurine , but can not be solved if it is really difficult to solve .
the new party committee leadership reached a consensus , and the principal leaders personally set about taking all unauthorized housing construction problems .
they are engaged in the production of raw materials , such as hydrogen , hydrogen , gluttonous steel , and the use of a household in a household - based economy .
the housing authority has also not been willing to withdraw from other places such as hyundai , and the party committee organs have promptly obtained contact with their units and adopted corresponding measures to urge them to take the initiative in coordinating with the work of the troops .
after two months of careful work , all the products that have violated regulations and exceeded the housing occupants have been moved out on schedule , and the incumbent cadres of the group have been assigned housing according to regulations .
the party committee of this unit has the courage to fight against the tough style , and it has also produced the effect of the pie . the original few cadres who were unwilling to actively distribute the organization have also expressed their willingness to submit to the decision of the organization .
npc chairman meets bangladesh guests
the reporter learned from the beijing news agency on 9 july :
reporter zhang shun reported : cmc member and commander qiao qingchen met in beijing today with bangladesh air force chief of staff zoo , and his party .
qiao qingchen said : since the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and bangladesh , the relations between the two countries have been developing smoothly , high - level contacts have been frequent , and friendly exchanges and cooperation in all fields have been constantly strengthened .
the two countries have always supported each other in international affairs and in their national construction , and mutual trust has built up a close relationship between them .
the chinese side appreciated and thanked bangladesh for its support on taiwan 's sovereignty and tibet issues .
qiao qingchen said that the chinese army cherishes the friendly relations with the bangladeshi army , and hopes that with the joint efforts of both sides , the two armies will further expand the scope and level of friendly cooperation between the two armed forces , strengthen friendly exchanges and cooperation between the two air forces , and raise the friendly and cooperative relations between the two armed forces to a new level .
qi said bangladesh will make efforts to further develop the friendly relations between the two armed forces , especially the two air forces
he reiterated that the bangladesh government will , as always , adhere to the one - china policy .
before the meeting , qiao qingchen held a welcoming ceremony for chipo .
qi arrived in beijing on the evening of 8 july for a four - day official goodwill visit to china at the invitation of qiao qingchen .
the 07 - type military uniform designer is a guest of the china net
beijing , july 13 -- yang bajing , reporter liu xinxin reporting : the whole army has since august 1st been changing the model of 07 military uniforms .
this evening , the chinese military net specially invited military personnel to ask for military personnel to ask chen jun , deputy director of the armament bureau , and senior engineer of the armament research institute of the army needed equipment , to be an architect of the 07 type of military uniform , to be a guest of the chinese military , and to be connected with the development of a new background and process of the netizens ' uniforms in and outside the army .
the two guests are mr luk , a direct - chip development of the 07 military uniform .
on the changes in the new military uniform , they said that the 07 - type military uniform is a new type of military uniform , especially a 97 - type military uniform base , and it is an army uniform series of alcohol type , and seven other types of improved .
the biggest characteristic of the 07 - type military uniform is that it embodies the coefficient function of the intrinsic function , which makes the first time the military uniform of the three services to coordinate the three armed services to meet the standard of the three - dimensional series of supporting standards , and this has brought a historic leap forward in the level of building of our military uniforms .
the two guests also exchanged views on the varieties of new military uniforms , such as the brand name , the purifier , and other issues .
this spell is made up of the new chinese military web network , the new wave net , the neique , and the internet .
the people 's armed forces platform of jingjiang city has upgraded the quality of the armed forces cadres
the chinese military has built a brand - new frontier defense line in the coastal city of jingjiang , jiangsu province , on 18 june . the armed police force of xialiai town , lu yuqing , has given a lecture on " fighting and winning under informatized conditions " and has received the attention of the students participating in the training .
this is a brand - new type of equipment that combines the actual situation of the posts with the reality of the posts , and makes efforts to improve the overall quality of the officers .
early this year , the party committee of the people 's armed forces department discovered during the course of conducting investigations and studies at the grassroots level that some cadres with special weapons were born in a well - known family , and had not yet worked in a position , and they did not concentrate their main energy on the armed work .
to this end , they have adopted such training methods as concentrated training , and relying on training in local party schools to regularly conduct training for special armed forces cadres , and worked hard to solve such problems as narrow - minded operations of cadres ' knowledge , lack of professional quality , and so on .
in connection with the central task , he boldly tracked the brains of the special - duty cadres , and improved his ability to work at a post .
at the same time , they actively coordinated local organization departments , jointly formulated the " regulations on the appointment of post - posts by special armed forces cadres , " clearly stipulating that ministers must go to the party committee group and no longer hold other posts ;
and established a mechanism for readjusting and exchanging military cadres with foreign countries , which is too old to adapt to the needs of armed forces at the grassroots level , and readjusted and exchanged cadres in a timely manner , and gave high priority to the work of promoting and using cadres who have a good overall quality .
not long ago , the director of the armed forces department of the new century , chen yisong , led the militia technical detachment in innovating and developing new underwater technology , filled the border of the domestic sedan , and upgraded the technology to the minister of the company .
the good will still need to be good
judging from the results of the match alone , 2 - 2 is reasonable . it is also like that that that can be accepted , and the key is the course of the competition , and how much regrets are there .
if iran leads the team by 2 to 0 , then the coup will be equalized to china , then it will definitely be different , and it will be very strong .
the good will cannot be good at the end , it can be said that it is an old problem .
the power of the spurs often does not know how to kick a ball under the situation , and the general view is that china 's psychological quality is not perfect .
this is indeed a kind of thing that cannot be exposed to the side .
however , judging from the competition today , it seems that it is not as good as today .
sun jihai , sun jianyin , zheng zhiqin , and other people kicked the ball in europe without saying that li wei and others were also longjing sand sand sand sand sailors . they saw many things , and said that they were not familiar with the psychological quality .
this regretfully sued the iranian team , probably because it was a temporary deployment of troops and severs .
the iranian team was replaced by two men in a backward condition , and the scene was immediately covered .
the spa half range also has three functions , and the effect is not good .
we should overcome the problem that good relations cannot be good and good , and we must find the right root of problems .
if the problem is accurately identified and the problem is changed , it is probably not difficult to find .
fearing that he would be afraid of being in a hurry to get medical treatment .
if this goes on , it will be like a kicking , even more race , old problems will still be committed , and it will not be possible to talk about the kicking that everybody is looking forward to .
the ministry of public security gave the guangdong border defense corps hospital a collective honor ,
xinhua news agency , shenzhen , july 18
li guoliang reported : for many years , the hospital of the guangdong border defense corps has made great efforts to guard against and overcome difficulties and to protect the legitimate rights and interests of the eight citizens while making a good job of medical support for the troops .
this morning , the ministry of public security gave a group commemoration meeting for the honor of the guangdong frontier guard hospital and the advanced deeds of supporting the government and cherishing the people to the public .
the hospital of the guangdong border defense corps has built a number of checkpoints in the border areas of buji , shenzhen , and baoan in shenzhen , and established three special medical teams to deal with foreign workers , and the foreign workers have been sent to the hospital for medical treatment only one yuan . the inspection fee is only one yuan , and the incidence fee is equal to one yuan .
the hospital specially equipped a trunk service , free of charge , to the peasant workers and also introduced a rural migrant health service card to provide a brand - new medical care , which requires only 7 yuan per month per month to enjoy basic medical examination and protection .
this measure will benefit the farmers and help them build more than 12,000 people .
from the + zoom , the hospital also launched a large - scale , rotary fiber , a large - scale , nonferrous , nonferrous , eight - time - type activities , going far to the remote tibet , jiangxi , yunnan , etc. , and other places , such as the health care cluster , which is almost 3,000 cases , making the patient feel the brightness of the brightness of the disease .
the armed police force will change its 07 - type clothing on 1 august .
beijing , july 19 - - liu zhifeng , reporter zhang jianjun reporting : the armed police force will , starting 1 august , gradually change its 07 - type clothes .
today , this reporter learned from the seventh uniform distribution ceremony and the ceramic activity of the armed police force that the 07 - type clothes that were changing this time were composed of seven main coats , such as traditional clothes , traditional clothes , and crystal , and a large category of daxes of crop varieties .
the scoach is now made of olive rugby green , which is very rugby - green , with a spin and a seamless brand of the entire range of shaped brands , which is very strong in the design of the brand , and follows the national standard of costumes .
female officers and soldiers have raised glasses , and have a dongfang uniform , which is now under the management of guan - led , which is equipped with a deck structure , a structure of spring - autumn - autumn fitting , and a variety of flame - like coats .
the newly added name plates , zhang chang , and the added - class chang for national defense , as well as the newly designed hats , which are designed , such as the brightness of the brightness of the flower , the bronze medal and the armor , enhancing the function of the identification of the clothing .
the armed police 07 costumes will be replaced in three years .
before august 1 , 2007 , it had a combined - arms inspection system with the army 's hypothetical engineering regiment , which had a combined - arms cadre and national flag - bearing ensemble , and the army 's civilian - operated engineering regiment had a new type of military - civilian relationship , which was built with the army 's traditional layer of military - civilian - type military - civilian - type military - type military - type military - type military - type military - type military - type military
huanqiu is a member of the armed forces in may , with the change of spring and autumn costumes , frequently ensuing the imperial codes of the country .
the imperial household sedan , which is a traditional suit , was used in october .
in december 2009 , the soldiers were replaced with winter uniforms .
the training is adapted to the seasonal situation .
a certain base of the second artillery corps has a large number of educational activities .
the first batch of new missile destroyers , which were developed by the small , scattered units , and directly subordinate units , has a difficult situation in which they can conduct self - education .
the reporter recently learned that after half a year of trial implementation , the base issued the " implementation outline for the implementation of the ideological and political education " and the " interim measures " covering all small , scattered , and directly subordinate units of the base , have been officially put into operation .
to promote the implementation of the " outline for ideological and political education , " the base organized forces at the beginning of the year to conduct a thorough study of the current situation of ideological and political education in small units , which had a far - reaching impact , had a significant impact on , and had restricted the effect of the duty of the personnel in the current situation of the education program . a new educational model was initially formed in the small , scattered , and directly subordinate units .
the specific approach of the cooperative area is to break down the demarcation line between units and units , and designate a brigade and regiment level unit in a relatively centralized area , and to conduct unified planning for themed education , with units under different jurisdiction coming to the same station or taking advantage of the discussion of the same system .
adopt the combination of brand - name products and competition to conduct unified deployment of educational forces ;
each co - operation zone has set up a system for educating and informing collectors .
on this basis , all the cooperative areas have also established major educational projects such as the dormitory project , the joint venture , and the emergency ideological information and assessment system .
zhang jinmin , director of the political department of the base , told this reporter that the establishment of a political education cooperation zone has reduced the waste of education resources and deepened the educational results .
some political susceptible units are afraid of losing points in front of officers and soldiers , and take the initiative to study new knowledge prospecting methods .
officers and soldiers who were educated also actively added contents to the education , fearing that they would be able to tell outsiders when discussing and analyzing the issues in the face of the officers and men of neighboring units .
this kind of purification , the activism and the passion that are effectively stimulated .
a certain regiment of the north sea fleet has all the personnel in charge of the combat readiness of the troops .
the first batch of lianghe lianghong - changjiang passenger ships of the north sea fleet , which was built on 17 july , under the leadership of zhang weiliang , deputy chief engineer of a certain brigade under the north sea fleet , happily set foot on the beidaihe train , a long - term work , in the front line .
class 6 officer luo xiangming happily told this author : the leader of the regiment was concerned about and cherished the soldiers , moved greatly , and after we returned , we made a certain effort to work hard !
organize grassroots soldiers to sue in this brigade , or for the first time ,
not long ago , yao qingsheng went deep into the grass roots to see that some soldiers in charge of the work of pulling out of the river to carry out repairs work , and this moved yao qingsheng .
the soldiers have forgotten their work , and the party committees should care for the soldiers , and take responsibility for the health of the soldiers .
after studying the matter , the party committee made a decision to distribute all the seats of the group to the soldiers working on the front line .
the office of a unit of the jinan military region has not opened up its hot spots .
the reporter learned from the xinhua news agency :
wang weiqin , special - purpose li , reported on 25 july : in the training of a certain unit of the jinan military region , the author saw that a piece of land of the military project bidding authority , which included matters of higher - level party membership , such as the promotion of the officer to the rank of noncommissioned officers , and other important directional items , was hanged in the window .
according to political commissar su chengsen , this is a major move taken by the ministry to promote the system of making things transparent .
hei , the party committee of this unit has formulated the " two - way supervision system for grassroots units " to strengthen the building of party style and clean government , and has called for all measures involving the immediate interests of officers and soldiers and the important issues concerning the building of the troops , and to make decisions after listening to opinions from grassroots units , and to make public the results of the code of conduct according to the situation and other matters .
the unit has set up a series of monitoring and control facilities , such as the opening of the dust plates , the wide - ranging opinions of the public .
at the beginning of the year , the project of renovating the old building and renovating the sutra - building project was started . the party committee organs solicited opinions from officers and soldiers and then issued tenders for the project .
it has saved the funds and won the support of the officers and men .
the practice of being open and fair in handling affairs has brought about a good atmosphere in grassroots work units .
in this unit , grassroots companies , no matter how important they are , are they more than a few individuals ' vacation , and are not the same as the daily expenses of individual leave and food items .
( international ) research shows that housing debris and two genes related to genes
xinhua news agency , london , july 2 - icelandic scientists discovered through research that two genes of iceland 's human beings have the risk of shaking human houses , far higher than the common people .
according to the latest issue of " natural " magazine , icelandic 's flagship of legacy researchers has discovered a serious threat to the united states of iceland , the united states , and several thousand people in hong kong , china , and the researchers have found the above .
the two genes and heart chains discovered by scientists have an important effect in the early stage .
the room was trembling with a heart - to - heart device , one of the most common neurons , causing a sharp loss of breathing and spurring the brush of the brooks .
according to the " natural legacy " magazine published on 1 july , there are more than 20 million mu of traditional arid animals , including the human skin dyeing , the dyeing chromosomes , and the dna of the ancient denturs , one - third of them are in the thyroid form of the traditional chariot cancer .
the study also found that one of the genes is a genes that can be used to raise the risk of cancer while also lowering the risk of hyperdiamabetics .
us senator to visit south america
xinhua news agency , marathon , july 3 ( reporter liu jian )
according to a report by venezuelan media on 3 may , the 37 - year - old veteran player , keller , said in an interview here that if the us - icbc soccer team cannot find suitable club effects after the game , he will choose to retire .
if the us cup finishes four to six weeks , i will not be able to get high standard of team strength .
the imperial court of the geleg team was forced to pull down to germany and keller also left the team with two multiple - dimensional functions .
although keller is very interested in receiving the contract , the itinerary is apparently not worried about his family . he himself has not yet decided how much he has eight teams to invite him to attend eight matches , and the other eight teams are intentionally invited to attend the event .
however , this person who had served in the western pacific region like yingjiu and the imperial republic of teachinasay that he would ultimately choose how to hire the family , how to know how to make the child of me , which is nine years old . he accompanied me in three different countries , and three schools , and i now have to consider how to do more good to my family .
at the gold cup that ended not long ago , kelly played an outstanding role , helping the team to win the championship .
the american cup is still being coached by the head coach bradley , but naihe is not a bluff but a gold - brush , a modern youth , a modern army , a military force , is not the argentine rio , a strong color - like rival , two matches , he chose to guard the seven major gate seven times .
the next round of the match against columbia is very likely to be the match between the + keller and the keller in this american cup .
china 's masterpieces of black strawberry smarts to land in china
xinhua news agency , ottawa , july 7 according to a report by the " global post " of canada , after eight years of hard work , the black strawberry ( flower ) of the canadian company finally won the approval of the market for china 's first strawberry cell phones at the end of august .
the principal executives of the rolls - royce , jim bob xilley , said that in major cities such as beijing , shanghai , guangzhou , etc. , the company will provide black strawberry mobile phone services to commercial customers in china .
the " global post " quoted a link of the management of beijing office , saying that the number of black strawberry 800g intelligent mobile phones will land in the chinese market at the end of august , with a price of about $ 700 , and now it has received 5,000 orders .
ballmer said that the company had " introduced " the product to the market of hyperlink cell phones , which would be a brand name for iip , as a contender of ireland .
according to statistics , in the first quarter of this year , the number of new customers in the black - and - black cell phones reached 1.2 - million , and the number of users reached 900,000 .
spain : husbands killed in monstrous pain
xinhua news agency , july 7 , a spanish woman was attacked by monroe , and she was involved in a struggle , with a pull of a brand - name covering the area , discovering that the murderer was her husband . the police had already arrested him .
according to local media on 6 june , the woman was arrested in a hotel in valencia city .
one day , a hooked man was found inside the bag , thinking that the suspect was a suspect , and told him to take money from the drawer and leave .
but the man did not take any money , but pinned the neck of the woman , wanted to know her .
she wanted to use the method of assembling death to bring the death , but the man did not let her , or did n't beat her neck .
during the fighting , the woman pulled the face of the crystal , but discovered that person was actually her husband .
the assailants have been arrested by police .
the victim told the media that due to lack of emotion , she and her husband were going through the divorce procedure , and they had two children .
13 pilots resign from china eastern airlines company to demand compensation exceeding 100 million yuan
xinhua news agency , july 11 , wuhan ( by liu yang and shuchu )
thirteen pilots asked for resignation , huanjiong air china 's dongfang aviation co. ltd. opened a new line of 150 - million yuan in compensation , which is the largest amount the hubei province has ever paid in the compensation .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee is currently examining the case .
in may this year , 13 pilots of the china eastern airlines wuhan company successively submitted their resignation and were rejected by the company .
after that , the pilot successively lodged a request to the hubei provincial labor dispute dispute arbitration committee in early june to terminate the labor relations with the china eastern airlines company .
china eastern airlines has received notification of the case to lodge a counterappeal , demanding that 13 pilots pay the cost of violating labor contracts , remove labor contracts , and remove the losses of more than 6 million yuan to more than 10 million yuan , and carry out the business operation of the equipment in a house of 105 million yuan .
it is understood that the aircrew signed with china eastern airlines a fixed term labor contract , except for the suspension of labor contracts or the removal of conditions in the contract , the labor contract effect will continue to be in the age of the pilot 's statutory retirement .
the hubei provincial labor dispute commission has made an appeal and a petition to handle the case , and is expected to conclude the trial by 8 august .
germany calls for russia to pass russia 's border treaty
xinhua news agency , july 12 , canada ( by yang dehong ) - visiting german foreign minister steinmeier said here today that the russian side should make a decision to settle the border issue between russia and russia as soon as possible .
steinmeier and his foreign minister , pager , held talks on the same day , mainly discussing the relationship between raffer and eu cooperation .
at a press conference after the talks , steinmeier called on the russian side to pass the border treaty as soon as possible .
steinmeier said that the whole country of the border region and russia 's steps to improve relations were relatively slow , and the russian border treaty signed a witness to the signing of the treaty .
on 27 march this year , after 10 years of negotiations , the prime minister , karvic villepin , and russian prime minister mikhail mikhail , signed a border treaty between the two countries in moscow .
on 17 may , the latvian parliament passed the latvian - russian border treaty .
according to reports in the media , the russian parliament will vote on the treaty in the near future .
dprk , rok to hold sixth dialogue on hypothesis
pyongyang , july 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government and people 's armed forces have made great efforts to promote the development of the relations between the two countries
the military representatives of the dprk and the republic of korea held military talks on 16 june in panmunjom , during which the two sides agreed to hold the sixth cross - strait talks on 24 and 26 june .
according to the central news agency , the dprk military representative , the yongpu river , in contact that day , proposed to set up a military base in yanping island in the western waters of the dprk to set up a joint area of bailing island , and gave detailed explanations on the reasons .
he said that the establishment of common knitted areas must be implemented to the greatest extent to seek common prosperity of the nation and joint operations to safeguard peace and stability .
speaking on the existence of a sea line between the two sides , park said that in order to prevent the two sides from engaging in military conflicts in the western sea , the two sides should abandon the maritime boundaries that they have insisted so far , recognize each other and respect each other , and recognize the korean side 's intrinsic agreement and the internationally recognized legal basis for consultations .
he said that timely formulation of military support measures to promote dprk - rok cooperation and exchanges is the consistent stand of the dprk military in sticking to .
he said : the rok side should take military measures to ensure the dprk 's non - governmental ships can be shipped directly from the port of haizhou and to the south and to ensure that the ships can pass through the strait of cheju .
this is another important diplomatic move taken by the dprk and the rok to hold a recent military meeting between the two sides after 10 july .
the fifth meeting between the dprk and the rok was held in panmunjon from 8 to 11 may , in which a unified cabinet was held .
hyundai motor denies intent to purchase volvo
xinhua news agency , seoul , july 18 - a spokesman for the ksm said in seoul on july 18 that the company has no intention of purchasing the company 's brand name or any brand under the woliowang or huichison automobile company 's flag .
the sunday times and the new york times recently published their reports on the spurt of the sale of wolfowitz .
the sunday times even published a report saying that the rok 's hyundai motor is the largest auto manufacturer in the world .
a spokesman for the hyundai motor company said that the company had a clear idea of the acquisition of the hyundai panthers or the road without any interest . modern tiger is busy with implementing its own expansion program , and it is completely unrelated to its business .
in 1999 , the amount of whales involved in the sale of 64.5 - billion us dollars from the wolfowang group in sweden was bought from wolfowang .
at present , the bucks and luhu ballet are all under the control of the chief automobile group ( the longest ) .
in march this year , the enterprises that are caught in a loss - making business were selling the products of the imperial household brand , which was once again considered to be selling tiger and czech leopard .
( sports ) cuba 's flame attack rope is too short
xinhua news agency , rio de janeiro , july 21 ( reporters chen weihua , chiaotong )
on 21 march , the cuban delegation intruded into the rope of the current pan - american games , which would affect the performance of the boxing level .
according to the rules of the international boxing union , the rope of the boxing platform should be 6.1 meters , but according to the cuban delegation 's coach , pedro rodriguez , the current pan - american games will be the best way to track the rings of the rings of the pan - american games .
rok said : we have submitted a formal protest because this is a matter of no concern to cuba .
rope too short will affect the fists ' lighting actions .
he also said , if the body was found inside , it would be impossible to find a rope that could meet the olympic standards .
as we know , we brought a lot of lubric from cuba .
the mexican and colombian delegations also expressed their concern over the nut of the rope that day .
columbian fists juan odyle , although the first battle won , he said : " the brink i am winning , i am not sure how much the fists are . "
the restoration of export of foreign orders for coffee crop cracks ,
xinhua news agency , shanghai , july 24 ( reporter xu shousong and yu lihong ) - reporters learned from the guanyuan ( group ) company , ltd. that the liuyuan port , which was once a port of shanghai , has recently resumed exports . many overseas markets have also demanded orders from overseas .
the guansheng garden in singapore , the funan company , mr lin qingrong , recently called the guansheng garden group , saying that because the singapore agricultural grain and the bureau of wild animal husbandry testing results were not included in the dairy crabble , they could be sold in the market , and therefore required to set up a production line .
the kamengo corp , malaysia 's chifeng - sheng company , said that it asked the kansheng garden to immediately send a large white dairy from shanghai to malaysia .
the guansheng garden is a subsidiary of hong kong 's chiangfeng trading co , ltd , and has also called kansheng garden , saying that the hong kong food safety centre has taken large pot - rabbit samples in hong kong and confirmed that milk is not a formaldehyde .
the five fung trading company limited has received notification from hong kong 's huc to have a total of more than 100 plants in hong kong to resume sales of dairy crabs .
it is understood that the 10 kinds of large - scale haul dairy crop , which was once exported to shanghai 's port , have gradually resumed exports .
at present , seven containers of big white - white - white - haul sugar is transporting to singapore 's goalkeka , malaysia 's port , the united states , and other countries like nepal .
uk 's bomb creates a threat : police
xinhua news agency report of july 26th from london - british police announced on july 26 that the british port of royalty , the supra - threatening criminal suspect , was shipped to the british city of craisto on july 23rd .
the police said that this man is called " milk , 51 , " and is an unemployed person . he will be subjected to blackmail and manufacturing a bomb .
on the afternoon of 14 july , 14 special - class companies in britain sue suisi , which was subject to the threat of bomb , were immediately closed by the police and resumed business on the next day .
+ it 's just the peak of the british people 's purchase of the products , at that time 14 of the shancho ordered the largest loss of the brushes in the largest sales income of the brand .
the british police subsequently issued a criminal investigation into the bomb threat and announced the incident that no one was found in the incident . however , the cause of the attack might be some economic motivation behind the scenes .
( sports ) changing flower seasonal seasons for beijing olympic games , the faults of the gold flame of the olympics
beijing , july 28 ( xinhua ) the olympic games will be held in shanghai , capital of east china 's shandong province , in august , when the olympic games are held next year .
by means of changing the flower period and other technical means , scientific research personnel have found a good policy for adding color to the olympic games .
the summer olympic games held in beijing on 28 june featured a new variety of species and a testing session on application of research projects . experts concluded that the use of cultivation to promote the cultivation of new technology and natural flower - seasonal varieties and varieties may be different in summer , and that the beijing olympic games will be held in august .
in the summer of beijing , it usually can only see more than 10 kinds of popular items , most of them have long fallen , or have not reached the level of having their products .
through efforts , the scientific and technological personnel selected 206 kinds of varieties of seed varieties of the summer olympic games .
at the haidian park in beijing , the olympic flame will be displayed in the 2007 olympic games , and the opening date of the beijing olympics will be a one - year plan , a number of new olympic games artificial flower projects , which were carefully cultivated by scientific research personnel , will naturally open the month of the month , and will be ushered in with the flower of the flower of the flower .
turkish ruling party wins parliamentary election
xinhua news agency , july 30 th , by reporter jian wang , the turkish supreme election commission announced on the 30th that the final result of the 23rd parliamentary election showed that the ruling justice and development party won 341 of the 550 seats , and the parliamentary election once again won the right to make 41 of the party .
at the parliamentary election held on 22 july , the main opposition party and people 's party won seats .
the national action party won 71 seats in the election .
apart from the three political parties mentioned above , another 26 elected congressmen are elected .
the new parliament will open in august , the first time in the country .
members will be sworn in and will be performing their duties .
after that , the parliament will elect a new speaker through unlike voting .
the turkish parliament election was originally scheduled to be held in november , but in the presidential election at the end of april , the opposition parties were not satisfied with the only candidate , which is a national defense minister and foreign minister of the national development party , because the opposition parties were opposed to the ruling party .
