the number of persons who were in the hands of the crown prince of crown was stolen
london , june 6 , 2007
the daily london express pointed out that two radio television sets bearing the name of princess diana 's 1997 paris death investigation in paris were shot dead by two former police officers from the metropolitan police headquarters .
the report pointed out that the theft caused people to speculate that the computer might have a stake in the hands of former metropolitan police chief sir thomas smith , who is the highest - ranking officer in the survey .
however , a metropolitan police spokesman said that the computer did not have any sensitive information .
sir steve is the first senior police officer of the nobel aptist police office in the united kingdom to be named in the area around tai enheung san po .
the report said that the nissan police officer had been working hard for the past 10 days to trace two stolen cases .
the incident occurred from 28 to 29 january , including a computer and cash dispute over the stolen property , and the second case occurred in the city of najaf last week .
the nobel peace prize was also given to the police , who said there was no evidence that the two cases were related to sir robert smith 's work .
steven steve has been following the death of princess wolfowitz not directly in the car accident .
the royal post - mortem , mr brygis , ordered in 2004 to continue to trace the evidence .
princess diana was killed in a traffic accident in a paris tunnel on august 31 , 1997 and died with her .
after two years of investigations , the french police believed that the accident was caused by the drink driving and the use of drugs , resulting in the loss of control of the vehicle and the tragedy .
sri lanka 's warring parties agree to hold talks in geneva in late october
agence france - presse , may 7 ,
the peace process in the middle east has been suspended , norway said , adding that the sri lankan warriors agreed to start negotiations in geneva on june 22 to resolve the dispute over the past decades of ethnic ventilation between the parties .
norwegian peace envoy solheim held talks with the liberation of tamil eelam in london , but the talks were held after a meeting with barchinhan , the representative of the tamil tigers .
the norwegian embassy in beijing said in a statement that the clashes in sri lanka were caused by the conflict between the sri lankan government and the tiger group for the liberation of tamil tiger , requesting the norwegian government to assist in holding talks on the sidelines of two days of the february 22 nd in geneva .
the two - day talks will focus on how to strengthen the negotiations on the implementation of the cease - fire agreement which will take effect on 23 february 2002 , and this agreement has not been fully observed by both sides .
the norwegian embassy pointed out that the two sides will discuss how to improve the implementation of the cease - fire agreement , which is also the first time the two sides have held face - to - face negotiations at the high level .
solheim said he will lead the norwegian team to participate in the negotiations , and the tiger group for the liberation of tanzania , four representatives from balayanhan led by the minister of health , will lead the army .
he said , this is the key to the road to peace , but it is important that the negotiations will be completed and completed .
the former president of sri lanka 's ethnic conflict , who was to settle the ethnic conflict , was held in japan in march 2003 , but the liberation of tamil eelam had cancelled the original date of the september 11 , 2003 terrorist attacks in thailand .
after the opening of the north - south korean team in the winter games in tonlin , the south and north koreas together entered the world .
afp , dalikriti , april 10 ,
the 20th winter olympics opened in tonne today . the cold war era was intertwined with south korea and north korea , and the two delegations were marching in the ceremony .
south korean women 's speed skating competitor li baola and north korean men 's skating skating player han zheng - jen are respectively the palm and head of the south korean delegation , led by south korean delegation to the winter games .
this is the first time that south korea and north korea have held a world cup in the winter olympics .
to reflect the good momentum of reconciliation and reconciliation between the two sides in recent years , the summer olympic games in sydney in 2000 and the summer olympics in athens in 2004 were the first of its kind in south korea .
north korea has not participated in the international women 's day meeting held in salt lake city , the united states .
the korean peninsula was split into the capitalist republic of korea and communist north korea in 1948 , and both sides signed the " north korea treaty on peace and development " in 1950-1953 .
south korea 's leader announced in 2000 the summit of peace , and the two sides have improved their relations .
according to tradition , the greek delegation is the first country to enter the competition , and among the 80 countries participating in the competition , south korea is the 22 nd north korean port , the largest country entering the tournament .
the landlord , the national italian grand lee , is the last country to enter . when the italian team entered the stadium , the team immediately broke into the warm cheering cheering and the lineup applause .
hefman had a delight drug , luckily , to break his course
new york , april 16 , 2007
it is generally recognized that it is most likely to win the title of the oloska emperor this year , the emperor : cold blood bleeding , the main male player of the yellow emperor , the philippines - cyprus horoves , revealing that he had been indulged in drugs and wine when he was little over a year , and fortunately he could not get off the chance to start his career .
in an interview with cbs news magazine , holman said that he had a laughing at the time of the visit to the columbian broadcasting company , that was to get drugs and alcohol , he had really had no choice but to do so .
he only came out on 20 march , and just started graduating from the drama department of new york university , entering a society of all kinds of color , and the daily living steps were all swiftly whipped , and finally he turned to his head , stomaching , and he lost control .
he was admitted to lahore when he was 22 .
the upcoming osto - ka award ceremony will be held next month .
before that , his superb skill had already been affirmed and had won many prizes .
the 38 - year - old actor said during the interview that if he did not painfully resolve to change the bad habit before the name was put on , he might not be able to win the nomination of oscar .
he said he greatly envied those young people who were 19 years old , suddenly becoming famous gold - fawning actors .
bird flu traces four european countries , including nigeria , panic
brussels , march 16 , 2007
the bird flu virus has been continually emerging in europe , causing public anxiety .
eu executive committee approves new delinquent control to link the discovery of all virus - related countries into the management and ban all poultry - related transshipment .
africa , nigeria , after discovering a deadly virus , found 510 kilograms of heroin in the country 's arid territory on the eighth day of the virus , which has been increasing to more farms . signs indicate that the disease has already crossed the national boundaries of nigeria .
egyptian officials are investigating a farm in the south of the country that suddenly had a mass death of chickens , and are concerned that the virus may continue to spread .
the european chicken market is affected by the virus , dropping by a wide margin , the eu executive committee stressed that there is no reason for panic .
the executive committee is responsible for health and food safety , the executive committee , jean - prong , said , adding that people are understandable about this , but there is no need to react too much .
following the earlier date of the virus discovery of three kilometres of the area around the site and 10 km of alert , the eu executive committee again made new regulations to bring all the european territories where the virus was found to be the cluster of the virus into the cluster of the area .
a british foreign secretary who declined to be named pointed out that everyone is very nervous and that they are all working in the process of handling matters from all parts of europe from one day to the next night .
so far , there are altogether 10 million croatia plastics in austria , the german republic , the greek border , the neurika republic , and russia 's territory in europe .
romania discovered the 31 st case on the 16 th , the republic of slovenia , the republic of greece and the rogenoa island of germany .
the southern italian side was found on two ducks to have found the bird flu virus , the first in europe to be wild geese , and the virus is infected with 51.0 virus .
the most worrying thing now is that the european union officials will soon fly back to africa .
the nigerian government is stepping up its efforts to prevent the spread of the virus to humans on the african continent .
the nigerian government announced that all poultry in the five - kilometer area near the infected farm will be infected with the h5n1 strain of bird flu no matter whether it is threatened by the virus .
the japanese government of neighboring countries announced that the whole country was on alert and that it had earmarked $ 4 million for emergency planning to monitor the border with nigeria .
the newly established national emergency committee said that they received notification that the two countries would continue to be in a state of emergency in malaia , where the security of the two countries was spersed .
china electronics bank to be in charge of business management beijing , march 1
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will continue to implement the policy of " one country , two systems " in the country 's banking sector , according to the china banking regulatory commission ( cbrc ) , the china banking regulatory commission ( cbrc ) , the china banking regulatory commission ( cbrc ) , here today .
a spokesperson for the china banking regulatory commission said that according to the regulations of the management measures , the relevant examination and approval methods of foreign - funded financial institutions have basically not changed , that is , after foreign banks have been allowed to set up online banking business , if new online banking business varieties are needed , the main reporting banks of the branch should be subject to unified reporting and examination .
to standardize the commercial banks ' internet banking business , in june 2001 , the people 's bank of china formulated and promulgated the " interim measures for managing internet banking business . "
a spokesperson for the china banking regulatory commission said that with the constant development of the e - banking business of commercial banks , the interim measures cannot meet the requirements of the supervision of risk management of e - banking , and the cbrc has formulated two new regulations for this purpose .
according to the cbrc spokesman , the cbrc has set a new standard for the quality of the safety evaluation institution , which is different from the administrative licensing of industry access or enterprise qualification , and is not an important factor for the evaluation institution to conduct the electronic banking safety evaluation . it is only a reference for the financial institution to choose an assessment institution .
as long as the safety assessment organization meets the relevant requirements and requirements , even without the permission of the cbrc , financial institutions can also engage its personnel to implement the edi safety evaluation , but they should be managed according to relevant regulations .
the " procedures for the management of electronic banking business " comprise nine chapters and 99 articles , which are : the total application for listing and alteration of risk management data exchange and transfer management of foreign brands of management of cross - border business activities , the management of the function of supervision according to the law , and the attached part .
the " guidelines on e - banking safety evaluation " consists of five chapters , which are divided into 57 general principles , namely , security evaluation of 57 organizations , implementation of security evaluation activities , and other five parts .
" mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , and chen yun published an article entitled " investigation and research on mao zedong 's zhou enlai , deng xiaoping , and chen yun "
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the " mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , deng xiaoping , and chen yun , " compiled by the literature research center of the cpc central committee , recently published and distributed by the central party literature publishing house .
conduct in - depth investigation and study in reality , persist in combining theory with practice , and draw up and implement correct lines , principles , and policies in the course of reform and development under the leadership of the cpc .
mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , chen yun , and other revolutionaries of the older generation , made a very clear - cut exposition on the issues of investigation and research , and they also frequently made penetration into the grass - roots level to conduct social investigations and wrote many reports .
the practice and results of their investigations and studies have played an important role in guiding the cause of the party and the people to develop along the correct road .
" mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , and chen yun 's research were divided into three parts : the first part was the " selected works of mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation on investigation and research , and the second part was written by mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation on investigation and study , and the third part was mao zedong 's instigation of three investigation groups and liu shaoqi 's visit to fujian in
most of these surveys were published for the first time .
in addition , there are two articles on the " three represents " of the central leaders ' investigation and study in the 1950 's and 1960 's .
russia reiterates adherence to one - china policy
moscow , february 6 ( xinhua ) russian deputy foreign minister alekseyev said here today that russia is willing to strengthen cooperation with china in all fields
alekseyev said that russia noticed that chen shui - bian 's recent remarks concerning taiwan independence were pluralistic .
the russian government has always upheld the one - china principle and firmly supported china 's efforts to realize the great cause of national reunification .
last year , the chinese npc adopted the " anti - secession law . " russia took the lead in openly expressing its support .
alekseyev said that the russian foreign ministry will issue a statement as soon as possible , reiterate the one - china stand , and oppose taiwan independence .
chinese , japanese fms hold talks in beijing , jan. 16
johannesburg , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to allow more overseas chinese in fujian province to visit china on the early morning of the 5th local time , a chinese official said here today
according to feng yang , president of the chinese federation of free states , the incident occurred at more than 130 kilometers northwest of burundi 's huilkh city , and a bar was found in the city .
at that time , the owner of the shop , mr lam yiu - hing , picked up the items inside the bar and prepared to end the day 's business .
three customers were also present at the shop , one of them pulled out the gun and rushed into the bar to carry out robbery .
lin yixing , 40 , struggled with the ruffians . the robbers opened a wreath at lin yixing , and fled afterwards .
the local people who rushed to the scene after hearing the news sent lin yixing to the hospital for treatment . because lin yixing 's body had a full body of blood pipes , a plentiful blood spill , and a small leakage of blood , the body was killed at around 3:30 a. m . on 6 february .
on 6 february , the chinese consulate general in jenin gyorgy wu , the consulate general of the republic of china , and lin changming , vice president of the association of fellow villagers of the chinese fujian association in south africa , drove to burundi to help the family of the deceased to deal with the aftermath .
lin yixing became the first suspect who was shot to death within 36 hours . at the same time , he was also the first chinese to have been killed in south africa since the beginning of this year .
( selected newspaper collections ) shanghai : part - time and college graduates become main job force
beijing , february 7 ( xinhua ) the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau issued the latest annual wage index for 2006 , with a view to increasing the number of jobs in china , which was 11 percent higher than the previous year , according to the shanghai municipal bureau of labor and social security ( ssssb ) .
according to a relevant expert of the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau , the number of shanghai 's hour workers has exceeded 1 million .
according to a report by china youth daily , college graduates and part - time workers are the main component of the workforce of the hour .
through the survey of nearly 8,000 hours of work , over half of them are part - time staff , and the proportion of these personnel is 51.110 percent .
the cultural level of part - time laborers is generally higher , and they are mainly engaged in relatively professional work , such as translation posts , part - time staff , which is as high as 81.77 percent , and fitness classes , 61.6 percent .
high income is the main reason why many people have worked for the job concurrently .
it is understood that the monthly income of individual posts can reach tens of thousands of yuan , and it will be difficult to achieve , just like the translation of the speech , and the monthly income of the job can exceed 2,000 yuan , such as part - time financial matrix celebrity .
to meet personal interest and expand their knowledge - based business is also a common practice of job - seekers .
if a certain enterprise takes up the post of manager of the human resources department , gu will take several hours a week to handle the matter of the person 's financial account of a foreign company representative office .
mr koo considered the largest part - time income to be the continuous enhancement of his knowledge and the opportunity to involve other fields .
as some of the job vacancies are low , the form of work is flexible and free , and they are also gradually being affected by the employment of many graduates , more than 141 percent of the hours of work are graduates of high and new technology who have been working for nearly three years .
i did n't want to do an hour at the beginning , but did a few months later , i felt that it was more than five nights to go to work , and the spell of the spine .
after graduating from the university , the job they found was not as good as their people . at the end , they hung up in a hotel . they played against the background music with piano .
i am quite satisfied with my current work , i have an hour and 100 yuan , the environment , and i am going to do more .
it is understood that working hours has become a part of the accumulation of work experience of some graduates who are seeking jobs , and the enhancement of communication skills in communicating with others , which is an important way to increase the social record .
the work of graduates on an hour is mainly concentrated on the relatively strong knowledge - based and skilled jobs such as professional skills , job - seekers , and job seekers with a strong sense of age .
the number of hours work skills required for some of the posts is not high , such as food promotion personnel , the daniel rochman , etc. , and unemployed personnel can take up employment after simple training .
the data show that the number of employees who were originally unemployed reached 39,000 , of whom the proportion of the unemployed was only 39,000 .
prc 's wu bangguo inspects anhui province
beijing , february 8 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will continue to make efforts to improve the legal system of the country , said wu bangguo , chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) , during a recent inspection in anhui province
accompanied by provincial party secretary and state secretary he yushan , wu bangguo inspected the wuhu and other places on 6 february , and went deep into enterprises ' rural scientific research institutes and institutes of higher learning in rural areas .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui has the advantage of linking up the eastern and western parts of the country to the northern region , and is an important agricultural region in china . it is rich in natural resources , has a good industrial foundation , has a strong scientific and educational force , has a unique advantage in terms of cultural and tourist resources , and has great development potential .
anhui should firmly seize the important opportunity of promoting the rise of central china , always uphold economic construction as the central task , and conscientiously implement the central authorities ' principles and policies in close connection with anhui 's actual conditions , carry out work in a creative way , implement the scientific development concept in concrete measures and in practical work .
we should sum up practical experiences in a timely manner , fully rely on the masses of the people , vigorously support reform and innovation , and continuously create new prospects for anhui 's work .
we should actively promote the building of a harmonious society , and persist in making good use of the protection of the fundamental interests of the overwhelming majority of the people the starting point and end - result of all our work , actively create conditions for gradually resolving the problems of the masses , gradually adjust the distribution relationship , and gradually change the urban - rural dual structure , gradually narrow the gap between the urban and rural areas , and safeguard the fairness and justice of the entire people .
wu bangguo emphasized that china has reached the stage where it must rely more on the strengthening of its independent innovation capability and the improvement of the quality of laborers to promote economic and social development . only by vigorously promoting scientific and technological progress and innovation can it achieve a leap in the quality of productive forces , and push economic and social development to the track of scientific development .
we should establish and perfect as soon as possible systems and mechanisms that are conducive to innovation , increase scientific and technological input , encourage patent inventions , develop famous brands , speed up the conversion of scientific and technological achievements into actual productive forces , strengthen the status of enterprises as the mainstay in independent innovation , and continually enhance the contribution rate of scientific and technological progress to economic growth .
we should support and encourage key technological elements to participate in distribution , and establish and improve a statistical system that embodies independent and innovative ability , study and formulate financial laws such as financial tax and government procurement , and support the independent innovation policy , so as to form a policy system that encourages independent innovation .
we should cultivate a sense of innovation in the whole of society , vigorously advocate the spirit of daring to innovate and competition , and strive to create a good atmosphere for the generation of talented people .
wu bangguo pointed out : the people 's congress plays an important role in the process of building a socialist country ruled by law .
to do a good job in the people 's congress work under the new situation , first , it is necessary to uphold the correct political orientation , unswervingly take the road of socialist political development with chinese characteristics , and organically integrate the adherence to the leadership of the party with the people being the masters of the country and the rule of law .
second , we should closely center our work around the overall situation of the party and state work , closely center our work around major issues in reform , development , and stability , and work closely around hot and difficult issues of common concern to the masses of the people to constantly enhance the practical results of the work of the people 's congresses .
third , we should give play to the characteristics and advantages of the people 's congress work , uphold democratic centralism , act according to the procedures , and make decisions on problems collectively .
we should adhere to the mass line , take people as the foundation , exercise power for the people , care for the people , have feelings for the people , and work for the interests of the people .
china proposes major scientific research projects in the next 15 years
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will continue to make efforts to enhance china 's international competitiveness , promote sustainable development , and achieve a leap in key areas , according to the state medium @ - and long - term national program for science and technology development ( 2006 - 2020 ) issued by the state council on the 9th .
the four major scientific plans are the research of proteins , the research of the regulation and control of the glut , the research and development of rice and the research on breeding .
the outline pointed out that protein science is currently a vital science in the field of life that the developed countries are currently engaged in intense competition .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on studying the new technology of the crystal protein group of important biological systems , the metabolic structure , the animal product brand , the animal product , and the interactive function of the crystal protein , and the bio - system biomedicine , protein research methods , which are related to the computation of biomedicine .
the outline also holds that quantum regulation research is of a clear perspective and may be carried out in 20-30 .
china should focus on researching the carrier and regulation principles and methods of quantum communications , calculating according to the capability of the quantum system , and quantum control and control measures , and the new methods of measurement and control of quantum .
in addition , the outline points out that nanotechnology has become a strategic choice of many countries to raise their core competitiveness , and is also one of the areas in which china is expected to achieve leapfrog development .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on research in this area , including the capacity control of nanotechnology materials , the production of supersonic equipment , and the functions of the system , the nama - brand electronics , the nanometric medicine , nanometric medicine , the nanometric and measurement of the size of nanometric materials , the nanotechnology , and other fields .
china 's population growth is large , birth defects are too great , and there is a serious shortage of transplant organs , and the peak of aging is approaching . therefore , it urgently needs breakthroughs and technical innovation in the theory of biological and breeding science .
according to the outline , china will focus on research of stem cells by 2006 - 2020 , such as reproduction of cells , regulation and control , maturity and precision of animal husbandry , and human reproduction functions .
shanghai 's housing price increases dropped by nearly 7 percentage points last year
shanghai , february 9 ( xinhua ) the world economy will grow at an annual rate of 3.6 percent in 2005 , with the total output of real estate products reaching a new level , according to the state statistical bureau .
according to the latest data , the real estate industry in shanghai achieved a relatively noticeable decline or even a slowdown in growth last year .
the increase in the prices of residential housing dropped by 6.6 percent from the previous year , while the added value of the real estate industry dropped by 4.1 percent from the previous year .
pan jianxin , director of the shanghai municipal bureau of statistics , said at a press conference a few days ago that in 2005 , the average selling price of shanghai 's commodity housing was 698 yuan per square meter , up 313 yuan over 2004 .
the prices of residential housing rose 9.2 percent year - on - year , down 6.6 percentage points from the previous year .
the added value of the real estate industry for the year was 670.23 billion yuan , down by 4.1 percent from the previous year .
of the total loans of the financial institutions , the outstanding amount of personal housing loans was 264.494 billion yuan , up only 9.54 billion yuan in the year , and the new loans in 2004 reached 27.28 billion yuan .
pan jianxin said : judging from the sales price of shanghai 's real estate for the whole year , the prices of commercial housing will be steady and steady .
according to the latest data , the country 's total foreign investment in 2005 will reach $ 37,000 , down from the same period of last year , the report said .
the total price of housing sales in 2005 was 9.77 percent higher than the previous year , and the increase rate was 6.2 percentage points lower than that of last year .
according to him , last year , shanghai completed a total investment of 124.686 billion yuan in real estate development , an increase of 6.1 percent over the previous year .
the sales area was 315.887 million square meters , down 9.5 percent .
sales of goods for the whole year were 21.63 - billion yuan , down 4.5 percent from the previous year .
two light planes crashed in new zealand
wellington , february 9 ( xinhua ) two new zealand light planes crashed in the northern part of wellington on the 9th over the town of heinburgh , about 100 kilometers north of the capital , killing two students on board .
according to a relevant person in charge of the local civil aviation department , the two pilots on board were all pilots of the flight academy of the university of marsey . they were still undergoing training and have not obtained any flight license .
at the time of the incident , two planes were in a non - air control area . according to regulations , the pilots should be able to cope with the navigation and safety conditions of the aircraft when flying in such a region .
a man who was on the scene of the incident told the new zealand media that he had heard the news of a huge explosion when the plane collided and saw the plane crashed rapidly on the ground .
some other eyewitnesses also confirmed that before the plane crashed , it had heard a huge explosion sound and saw the ruins of the plane crashed .
the cause of the collision is still unknown , and local civil aviation departments will conduct an investigation .
argentina 's overseas chinese , chinese condemn chen shui - bian 's remarks on taiwan independence
xinhua news agency , buenos aires , february 8 ( reporter cao yu ) a chinese delegation led by overseas chinese and ethnic chinese in argentina arrived here on the 8th to issue a solemn statement strongly condemning chen shui - bian 's recent declaration of taiwan independence in the inner mongolia autonomous region , and opposed any attempt to separate taiwan from china .
the statement said : chen shui - bian 's speech delivered on 29 january declared that he would abolish the national unification council and the national unification guidelines , which are aimed at taiwan independence , and a new step forward in the taiwan independence movement .
compatriots on both sides of the strait have expressed their hopes for peace , and taiwan compatriots ' desire for peace and stability and their good wish for development will face severe challenges .
the statement pointed out that it firmly opposes and curb separatist activities of taiwan independence and safeguards peace and stability in the taiwan strait region , and is still the most pressing task of compatriots on both sides of the strait and of chinese people around the world .
the statement stressed that the argentine council for promoting china 's peaceful reunification is willing to work with all overseas chinese and ethnic chinese in argentina who uphold the one - china principle , resolutely oppose any form of alliance , and actively promote china 's peaceful reunification .
prc expert : us calls for military threat in china the united states has no reason to criticize china 's military threat .
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will continue to support the development of the us defense department in its report to the congress recently , which is to be submitted to congress for the first time , according to a report on china 's military threat to the united states , which is most likely to pose a military challenge to the united states .
experts believe that this is a major contribution to china 's normal national defense construction , exaggerating the military threat of china , and a threat to china 's internal affairs .
the " four - year defense evaluation report " is the new defense guidance document of the pentagon .
the 92 - page report , which expounds china 's military strength in three paragraphs and the countermeasures the united states should take , has 15 directly mentioned the country 's traditional production capacity or its size , which directly mention china 's 15 or the united states ' two terms , which are the main and emerging major powers , and the most important thing for china to engage in military competition with the united states , and if the united states does not have any countermeasure , china may develop a bad
the director of the world military research department of the chinese academy of military sciences , yao yunzhu , said that although senior us officials had repeatedly expressed similar viewpoints before , this was the first time in the strategic report on national defense , which proposed that china is most likely to pose a military challenge to the united states .
the report clearly defines russia 's military power , the use of china as a new strategic opponent , especially the so - called military threat theory of china .
peng guangqian , research fellow of the chinese academy of military sciences , said :
what merits attention is that in the " four - year defense evaluation report " 's formal submitted one day , us president bush also delivered a bill to congress on the 2007 fiscal year budget , including the national defense budget reaching $ 439.3 - billion .
if added to the security measures to be carried out in iraq and afghanistan ,
peng guangqian said that the united states ' fabrication of the other countries ' threat method reflects the fabric of the pentagon that invents have consistently made the enemy , and its real purpose is to strive for more national defense funds , so as to fish more for the huge us arms industry group .
experts said that compared with the huge military expenditure of the united states , china 's national defense expenditure is quite limited .
he has participated in many times in military experts , deng hongzhou , who had participated in the compilation of china 's national defense white paper , said : as the economy develops in the 1990 s , china 's national defense spending has increased , but the proportion of the national financial expenditure in the same period has generally declined .
official data show that comparing 2004 with 1979 , the proportion of china 's national defense expenditures in the national financial expenditure for the same period has dropped by nearly 10 percentage points .
in 2005 , china 's national defense budget was 244.656 billion yuan , only about one - third of the united states ' , and its per capita military expenditure was only about one - sixth of that of the united states , and the per - capita military expenditure was about one - thirty us military .
the area of the us territory is roughly equal to china 's territory , but the difference in military expenditure is so huge . who is the military strength that actually exceeds the legitimate defense needs is not the same .
peng guangqian said :
the research department of the china arms control and disarmament association , teng jianqun , said that the us side should objectively evaluate china 's military construction , and china 's peaceful development does not mean that china and the united states will become military adversaries in the future .
the " 2004 china 's national defense " white paper says : china firmly follows the path of peaceful development and adopts a defensive national defense policy .
china did not have any intrinsic effect on any country in the past or now .
so far , china has not established any military bases in any other country , nor has it sent out one soldier to other countries ;
professor zhu feng of the international relations college of beijing university said : china and the united states should increase their communication and exchanges through the established channels , and enhance understanding and trust , so as to comprehensively promote the development of sino - us constructive and cooperative relations in the new century and jointly promote world peace and development .
( winter olympics ) turin winter olympics opens
duin , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will make efforts to promote the development of the olympic games in the coming winter , according to a report from the state administration of sports
on 9 july , the organizing committee of the turin winter olympics disclosed to reporters the brilliant arrangements for the opening ceremony ahead of schedule .
the chairman of the organizing committee , carlos tirani , was very confident that he would make the decision at the press conference , which cost up to 10 - million euros , which is a gathering of top italian talent in all fields .
he said that the night of 10 may be unforgettable and that the 350,000 spectators and around 20-0 - billion tv viewers in the venue will see the traditional entertainment of the passion and success .
the flames of passion are warm , the red heart brightly , the five ring - shaped peace - ray pigeons , and the white snow and milk of alps will appear at the opening ceremony . the director explained that the radioactive columns of the vitality of the columns and the italian talent will become the theme of the opening ceremony , the largest of the winter palace , the largest of the history of the people .
the famous italian designer amini specially designed the clothes for the opening ceremony , the famous italian fashion brand , mastkinnoo , will present the opening ceremony for the instructors .
however , the famous italian male voice , pavarotti , will be singing a song at the opening ceremony , and the organizing committee will stay this suspense in the end .
eight people who can spray the flame , the globe , will use three meters of flame to show the flames of burning . they will use 70 km of flame to burn the flames several times in the arena .
the official of the organizing committee said that this was the most successful creation in their opening ceremony .
the chinese side will continue to make efforts to ensure the safety of the flame .
white house announces bush 's visit to pakistan , india in march
washington , february 9 ( xinhua ) the united states and china have agreed to hold a joint military exercise in washington on the 9th to ensure that the united states will not be able to achieve the goal of " winning the war " despite the comic incident of blasphemous blasphemy of islam 's first known mohammed .
mcclellan said that bush is looking forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he also said that he is now making arrangements for this visit .
mcclellan made the above remarks when he was holding various demonstrations in some areas of pakistan to protest against the blasphemy of islam 's first known mohammed .
in january this year , bush met with pakistani prime minister aziz at the white house , during which both sides expressed the desire to strengthen friendly cooperation to jointly crack down on terrorism that endanger the security of the two countries .
bush also said that at the invitation of the pakistani and indian governments , he will pay a state visit to pakistan and india in march .
hamas sets up cabinet to seek breakthrough in hamas
xinhua news agency , ramallah , february 9 ( international observation ) hamas has been trying to break through the cabinet of hamas
xinhua news agency reporter , wang hao ,
the palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) won the election of the legislative council , how to draw up a new government blueprint has become a major focus of international attention .
what new policy will hamas pursue will directly affect the peace process parties concerned in the next step of policy direction .
at the same time , the us and israel 's boycott has added variables to the future of the hamas government .
at present , all sides in palestine are stepping up consultations to reach a consensus on the issues of the difficulty and sensitive point in forming a cabinet that will affect the development of the future situation .
the premier post will take some time to go .
after hamas won the right to form the cabinet , people outside worried that hamas 's supreme prime minister might have a dispute with the current leader abbas .
in addition , hamas leader mahal , who is visiting egypt , stressed that the new palestinian government , led by hamas , will not recognize israel , and this tough signal has also aggravated international concern .
the united states and israel clearly indicated that they would not accept a hamas government that holds the real power , and threatened to suspend economic aid to palestine and transfer taxes to palestine .
however , this does not prevent hamas from making flexible strategic adjustments , choosing independence people is a compromise .
it is reported that in order to obtain international recognition to the maximum , hamas , which was recently gathering in egypt , decided to choose an independent person , the board chairman of the board of directors of the islamic university of chad , al-husayn , to be the new prime minister .
this move has not received any response from the parties concerned .
palestinian analyst hussein said that no matter who will spend the prime minister 's post , the most crucial thing is that the choice of choice of choice should be to play down as much as possible the tough color of hamas . only by so doing will it be possible to ensure the success of forming a cabinet .
how to allocate power
from an internal perspective , the greatest challenge facing hamas in forming a cabinet is the lack of sufficient governing experience .
the palestinian paper , in a written analysis , said that hamas , through social welfare projects , has gathered people 's minds , but in the aspect of governance it lacks experience and is closely related to the liberation movement of the palestinian people ( fatah ) , which has the experience of governance .
hamas proposed to hold talks with fatah political partners after the election , and jointly set up a national coalition government , but fatah has not given any positive response to this .
at present , whether or not fatah will be in the cabinet is different , and one faction advocates participation in the new government , thus doing something , while the other refuses hamas 's invitation and is willing to play a active role in the legislative yuan .
the informed source pointed out that under abbas 's advice , fatah gradually tends to join the new government .
even so , hamas and fatah will also hold a joint statement on the distribution of their cabinet posts .
another way is to set up a legislative committee framework , which is divorced from the party - affiliated cabinet .
it has been reported that hamas has also designed a clean and expert - type government , but the specific list is unknown .
in view of the attitude of the united states and israel , the technical expert - type government is no doubt a cabinet - forming method to reduce external pressure .
according to the palestinian basic law , the new palestinian legislative council will hold a general election after the new legislative council takes office on 16 february .
where is the armed forces going ?
the weapons in hamas 's hands are another thorny issue facing the formation of a new government .
the us and israel have adopted a very tough attitude and resolutely demanded that hamas abandon violence and reject its participation in politics with guns .
hamas leader mahal stressed on 9 july that armed resistance is the intruding strategic choice of the organization .
the issue of armed forces actually includes the legality of weapons and the two levels of the administration of the armed forces .
hamas has been elected as a legislative council by means of democracy and freedom , and it has been recognized internationally , and armed factions within its subordinate armed factions have similarly legalized the use of force to legalize the hamas - led security organizations .
hamas once proposed to unify all factions into the palestinian national authority , the people 's army , but it did not receive a wide response .
palestine currently owns more than 60,000 security personnel , most of them came from the fatah camp .
moreover , fatah also has some other subordinate organizations that have loose organizational relations , such as the alkssa martyrs brigade , the plug of the tarim , etc.
hamas , which is in charge of forming a cabinet , must hold talks with abbas on how to manage the armed forces that are each of the ruling parties , and reasonably allocate security authority .
according to local media , abbas intends to take charge of security and intelligence forces , police , civil defense , and other organizations , while the new government is under the jurisdiction of the interior ministry .
however , the parties are still holding consultations on this sensitive issue , and so far no further news has been received .
china issues report on polar exploration
beijing , february 10 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will continue to implement the " 2005 sea water management plan for the year " in a bid to promote the development of the country 's polar science , said a chinese state oceanic administration ( soa ) here thursday .
the " report " comprehensively reflects the scientific research results of china 's polar science research activities in 2005 , the polar scientific research system of logistic support , and other situations .
according to the " report , " on 9 january 2005 , at 22:15 ( beijing time ) , the china antarctic expedition to the inland icecap successfully landed on the antarctic ice - covered inland at the highest altitude of the ice - covered area , and on 18 january , the icelandic expedition successfully carried out the first investigation into the ice - dome peak area at 3:15 ( beijing time ) .
the technology of the palm company is becoming increasingly fierce international competition , and china 's strong will and unfettering spirit .
sun zhihui , director of the state oceanic administration , said :
the " report " shows that on 24 march 2005 , china 's 21st antarctic expedition team successfully completed its mission and returned to shanghai . the 151 - day inspection tour lasted 151 days , with a voyage of 26,500 nautical miles .
on 18 november the same year , china 's 22 nd antarctic expedition team left shanghai for the antarctic zhongshan station to conduct scientific research activities and will leave shanghai at the end of february 2006 .
since it was the first time china issued the report on polar observation , the " 2005 china 's polar observation report " also set forth the direction for the polar exploration of china 's polar region , which began in the early 1980 s .
according to the " report , " in 1983 , china formally joined the " antarctic treaty " and became a member of the organization of the antarctic treaty in succession , becoming a country of extreme scientific research in nanotechnology , and the council of directors of nanji city , the most influential member of the executive council of the antarctic council .
in 1997 , china became a member of the committee of the arctic science committee , and won the right to speak and decision - making power in international polar affairs .
the " report " points out that in the past 20 - odd years , china 's polar inspection of its territory has never happened , and it has constantly developed , with a new scale of the initial scale , forming a three - dimensional inspection system of nanfang mountain village , which was built in february 1985 .
according to the " report , " by the end of 2005 , china had organized 22 antarctic scientific expeditions two times , using the thellipses of the xuelong vessels as the northern pole scientific research project of the northern pole , which was built on the snowy robe , and to date more than 3,000 people have personally inspected the northern poles of the country so far .
at present , we are making preparations for the establishment of the third antarctic observation station , and is also china 's first inland observation station .
sun zhihui said :
after more than 20 years of efforts , china 's polar research project has achieved great success in the world 's polar observation .
he said .
sun zhihui disclosed that china will publish in the future a yearly inspection report on the polar area .
castro meets chinese president on cuba - china ties beijing , june 20
havana , february 10 ( xinhua ) cuba 's state council president fidel castro met with visiting chinese vice president hu jintao and his party here today
president castro warmly welcomed state councilor chen zhili to visit cuba .
he said : cuba - china relations are very friendly , high - level visits have been frequent , and this has effectively promoted and strengthened the friendship and mutual understanding between the two sides . he expressed the hope that the two countries will continuously deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in all fields , including education and science and technology .
chen zhili said : cuba is the first country in latin america and the caribbean region that has a major impact .
the friendly exchanges between the chinese and cuban peoples date back to ancient times .
cuba is the first country in latin america to establish diplomatic relations with new china .
after entering the new century , with the concern and promotion of the leaders of the two countries , the political mutual trust between the two countries has been deepening , the scope of cooperation has constantly expanded , and mutual support and cooperation in international affairs have entered a new period of comprehensive development of sino - cuban friendly relations .
she believed that with the joint efforts of both sides , the friendly cooperation between china and cuba will surely yield more fruitful results .
chen zhili also pointed out that the chinese government has always attached importance to exchanges and cooperation with cuba in the educational field .
in recent years , the two countries have increasingly maintained close educational exchanges and frequent personnel exchanges .
china actively supports the international conference held by cuba and sends delegations to attend the world higher education conference and the international conference on wiping out illiteracy in 2005 .
cuba 's basic education level is very high , and it hopes to further strengthen relevant experience exchanges in the future .
chen zhili said : the cooperation between china and cuba in scientific and technological research and development can be achieved through cooperation in various fields and through mutual benefit .
the chinese side has helped cuba in some scientific research equipment and hopes to play a positive role in cuba 's scientific research and production .
she also briefed castro on china 's strategy of revitalizing the country through science and education and the national science and technology conference .
chen zhili arrived in cuba on february 9 local time to start his official visit to china at the invitation of the cuban government .
during this period , chen zhili met with the minister of higher education of cuba , vilono , and inspected the hualaou university of information technology , the magnetic high school of technology , and the santa marti primary school .
explosion kills about one person in beijing highway
harbin , february 11 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will make a joint effort to improve the quality of the country 's road of development , said a senior official here today
according to the police of the traffic police brigade of the shuangcheng city public security bureau , at about 2300 on 10 april , three vehicles collided at a highway in beijing and ha'ha , a car bomb , a truck , a 58 - year - old car rammed into the same vehicle and a oil tanker , leaving a cracks leaking in the vehicle . the wastewater flowing inside the vehicle flowed down to the road .
it is understood that the oil tanker loaded with the waste oil and gas after producing coke .
the two sides have a lot of seedlings and are afraid of the danger of fire accidents caused by past vehicles .
the number of expressways from harbin to the city direction was closed , many vehicles bypassed .
at present , relevant departments are clearing up the scene , and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
( hong kong , macao and taiwan ) hutchison whampoa , 3 italian flurks , delays on the market
hong kong , february 11 ( xinhua ) the hutchison whampoa company , ltd , announced the delayed implementation of the three - year program of the company 's listed company of 3e telecom on the 11th .
and mr robin fok , general manager of huanggroup , said that although the three italian companies have already obtained the approval of all the regulatory agencies to list on the market , the listing procedures will be very difficult in the coming weeks .
at the same time , the current situation in the stock market in europe is weak , and it may not necessarily give luzo 3 a listed estimate suitable for the market at this moment .
in view of the greatest consideration for shareholders ' interests , it is decided to postpone the listing .
as to when the stock market will be further opened , mr fok said that the future development of the european telecommunications market would depend on the situation in the future .
he said : from now to the time of the prospecting of the three italian stock markets , the italian side needs to conduct extensive investor education activities to enable the global telecommunications investment market to know more clearly the current strong performance of italy 's three largest stock markets .
according to media reports , the three - dimensional coordination of the global investment bank , gaosheng , agreed to use 420 - million euros to sell shares of the same foreign exchange to the united states , which holds 10percent of the shares of the three . the transaction is expected to be completed by the end of march this year .
china , myanmar to further economic and trade ties
yangon , february 12 ( xinhua ) china 's ambassador to myanmar , mr edmund ho , and economic and business counselor tang hai , accompanied by myanmar prime minister goff wayne on the eve of his 14 th visit to china , said that economic and trade relations between china and burma now have a rich content of content , diversified forms of cooperation , and mutually beneficial development .
the ambassador said that the friendly and cooperative relations between the two countries , which have been established on the basis of the five principles of peaceful coexistence , have been consolidated and developed in recent years , and exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been expanding and deepening , and economic and trade relations between the two countries have been expanding and strengthening .
counselor tang hai - juo said : the frequent exchange of visits between the high - level officials of the two countries has effectively promoted the development of economic and trade cooperation between the two countries .
in 2004 , during the high - level exchange visits between the two countries , the two sides signed 33 agreements on economic and trade cooperation , most of which are being implemented and implemented .
he said : 2004 is $ 1.14 - billion , $ 12.09 - billion in 2005 , of which $ 9.35 - billion will be exports to china and $ 274 - billion will be imports .
last year , china 's yunnan - burma trade ( including border trade ) amounted to $ 6300,000 , with a trade volume of 14.665 billion over the previous year .
tang hai said : myanmar has become a major country in china 's enterprises ' contract project business , and china has a major project in myanmar , including the construction of a power station , a bridge , a factory ( such as the sugar plant , a textile factory , a water linchelon factory , etc. ) .
chinese enterprises have launched engineering business in burma , which has brought along the export of all kinds of complete sets of mechanical and electrical products in china . myanmar has become an important market for china 's complete sets of equipment and mechanical and electrical products .
according to chinese customs statistics , in the past five to six years , the export of mechanical and electrical products has accounted for about 450 percent of china 's total export volume to burma .
counselor tang also said that burma is rich in resources , and chinese companies have started investing in burma 's oil , gas , copper ore , and other resource development projects , and there is great potential for the development of economic and trade cooperation between china and burma .
he hoped that chinese enterprises should have a long - term view , learn to avoid risks , and make prudent policy decisions , establish a good image of the enterprises , and ensure that they can complete their projects according to the standard and according to the schedule , so as to win glory for the country .
the ambassador to castro and counselor tang haohai both held that the upcoming official visit to china by premier soe win is a major event in bilateral relations this year , and is of great significance to enhancing political mutual trust , promoting bilateral cooperation , and promoting the further development of the good - neighborly and friendly relations between china and burma .
during the visit , the two sides are expected to sign several economic and trade cooperation agreements .
world bank to reduce poor 's debts
moscow , february 11 ( xinhua ) world bank president volvo wolfowitz said in moscow on the 11th that the world bank will completely exempt the debts of the poorest countries by the middle of this year .
wolfowitz held talks with chinese finance minister li zhaoxing in moscow on the same day .
the statement issued after the meeting said that the world bank will provide loans to the poor countries before july 1 this year , and the world bank is now completing all technical work .
last year , the world bank 's donor countries completely exempted from the debts owed by 28 countries , and indicated that they would fill the funds for the relevant trust funds .
the imf 's creditor 's rights are relatively small , and the imf will start to reduce or exempt its debts by the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz 's decision to exempt 16 african countries from their debts was welcomed .
the us is becoming the mainstream of the high - definition digital television .
new york , february 12 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to raise the technology level of the tvs to a higher level , with the prices of tvs and other products rising , the new york times reported today
the united states , which has just finished a curtain , has become a us rugby for the broadcast industry to greet the era of high - definition television .
according to a recent report by the financial times , the us congress recently passed a bill requiring the american broadcasting industry to submit a report to the un security council on 17 february 2009 , saying that the current mock television signals can only be broadcast on a digital signal .
this means that the all - round digitalization of the us tv program has already had a clear timetable .
the high - resolution digital television system should be popularized by consumers on the one hand , while on the other hand , it should depend on the production organizations to provide high - resolution digital programs .
although the number of digital television programmes has been repeatedly mentioned in the past few years , it has never become a reality .
this problem has taken a turn for the better this year .
according to the forecast of the us consumer electronics association , the number of digital television sets to be sold in the united states this year will exceed that of traditional tv sets for the first time , and 850 percent of the digital television sets are high - resolution products .
japanese researchers develop new highly efficient kidney
tokyo , february 13 ( xinhua ) the japanese institute of east china sea research , which has developed a biological kidney , is not only of the same quality as human kidney , but also of the nature of the kidney - class system , it also has the function of retaining the material elements .
according to a recent report by japan 's economic news , the newly developed biological man - made kidney mainly consists of two parts , and part of the stagnation of the blood is derived from the household of the dormitory of the person 's dormitory and water , and the other is the lethal part of the kidney - class kidney that uses the blood components to re - enter the human body to make a total of 20 - million mu of store@@
the kidney built by the person , the urine , and the urine of the person , all are made into the air , and the parts of the body of the body of the body are covered with a deck .
this kind of skin cells can enable many blood penetration diseases , such as the corrosion of the intra - blood cells , through the analysis of the intrinsic cholesteric , resulting in the substitution of material into amino acids and the return of blood , and at the same time , it can also make the necessary glucose and sugar of the glucose and the mineral resources enter the body again .
the past human - built kidney relies on the difference of mutation to substitute waste , and cannot completely remove it , and it cannot be equipped with the conditions for making ammonia and other components back to blood .
researchers used mountain sheep to carry out the kidney transplantation experiments , the mid - air ribbon inside the kidney - built center , using pig stem cells inside the mice of the chinese air space ripe .
two weeks later , researchers confirmed that the man - made kidney had been able to function .
at present , they are developing and using the biological kidney - building kidney of human kidney cells and will start clinical research after verifying their safety .
china 's power production safety still faces severe challenges
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the state administration of power industry ( sdrc ) said on the 13th that although the overall power safety situation in 2005 remains stable , the power production safety still faces severe challenges .
wang zhongyu , vice chairman of the state power regulatory commission , said at the fifth national power safety production committee meeting ( enlarged ) that in 2005 , china will have a total of 9,350 power generating units , which will be able to smoothly fulfill the task of celebrating the summer peak of power supply , and will actively cope with the intrusion of natural disasters , to ensure the safe and stable operation of the power system , to ensure that the safety of power production equipment and general
however , he pointed out that with the changes in the situation of power supply and demand and the successive inputting of a large number of newly built power generating units into operation , power production safety will face new challenges .
these challenges include : regional seasonal hyperlinks , hyperlink , power shortage , supply of electricity in some areas , and power supply in some areas remain tight , and because the benign mechanism for power prices has not yet taken shape , there still exist a relatively large problem in power supply , and at the same time , the problem of the decline in power quality has not been effectively controlled , which will have a serious impact on the stable operation of power generating equipment , and some of the existing
shi yubo said : with the deepening of reform of the power system , many deep - seated contradictions will be continually exposed . how to maintain stability of the staff and workers and ensure normal production order will become new problems facing them .
in view of the work of safe production of power in 2006 , shi yubo said : we should further lay a solid foundation for the management of power production safety , speed up the establishment and improvement of a mechanism for emergency management of power safety , improve the ability to cope with sudden incidents , strengthen coordination and cooperation between power plants and power grids , and continue to do a good job in supervising and managing the safety of the dam and in building an information - based dam , and strengthen the safety
it is reported that in light of the new situation in power safety management , the china power control commission will carry out a comprehensive investigation of the " interim regulations on investigating power production accidents " which have been promulgated this year . at the same time , relevant regulations on the safety of the main dam of the hydroelectric power station and the second system security protection for the power generation will be issued successively this year .
in 2005 , china 's total electricity consumption will reach 24.689 - billion kilowatt - hours , up 13.455 percent over the same period last year .
in the face of the still tight situation in power supply and demand , the conspicuous contradictions in coal , electricity , oil , and transportation , and other unfavorable situations , all power enterprises have conscientiously adopted effective measures to strengthen equipment management . in the whole year of last year , no major equipment accident occurred in the power production of the whole country .
there were 74 power grid accidents , a decrease of 127 cases , and 427 incidents of equipment accidents , a decrease of 132 times compared with the same period last year .
south african envoy to china says south africa does not have a binding organization for criminal acts against chinese citizens
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will continue to support the south african government in its efforts to promote the development of the south african economy , said a senior chinese official here today
he also said that the south african government will do its utmost to crack down on all forms of criminal activities .
fu said the south african government hopes to lower the crime rate to zero , to zero , and hopes that each of the victims in south africa will be able to enjoy the safety of their lives and property and the full protection of the local laws and citizens .
since 2006 , four chinese citizens have been killed and more than 20 others were injured in south africa .
the chinese foreign ministry has made representations to the south african side and reminded chinese citizens in south africa to further enhance their awareness of security and to strengthen unity and friendship among overseas chinese and cooperate with the police in cracking down on criminal activities .
i said the most sincere words to the family of the victims , and the sorrow .
fu kangning said : we feel sorry about this and ask the chinese people to believe that the south african government is conscientiously investigating every case involving china .
according to the chinese embassy in south africa , the south african police have successfully cracked the case of the chinese fujian woman chen jianqing 's assassination in south africa on 5 february , and a suspect has been arrested .
at present , the police are hunting another suspect .
according to the south african embassy in china , the south african businessman , who was suspected of shooting a hong kong businessman , was arrested by south african police in january this year , and the property of the victims has been recovered .
on the possibility of a chinese citizen 's assassination , fu kangning said that these incidents indeed involve the expansion of the diplomatic relations between the two countries and the tourism industry of other fields .
according to the tourism commissioner of the south african embassy , the embassy had only sent a total of more than 2,000 chinese tourists to the country in the first 15 days of this year .
according to china 's official statistics , south africa will continue to maintain its position as the largest trade partner of africa in 2005 .
the volume of bilateral trade reached $ 7.27 billion , up 23.7 percent over the same period last year .
however , the tourism industry believes that the series of chinese citizens ' assassinations in 2004 have had a positive impact on the number of chinese tourists to south africa .
according to statistics from the south african tourism bureau , the number of chinese tourists coming to south africa in the first half of 2005 was 20331 , a decrease of 14.9 percent compared with the same period last year .
chinese living in south africa now have around 200,000 people , and the urban population in south africa is all over .
analysts here believe that the gap between the rich and the poor in south africa , the high unemployment rate , and the flood of guns , and the lack of a deterrent effect , the crime rate is high .
since many chinese do not know english , they have cash in their possession and their home , and they are more likely to become targets of criminal elements ' pursuit of wealth .
hk promotes english language learning and training in hk
hong kong , february 13 ( xinhua ) the international english language campaign launched by the hong kong special administrative region government , the new project , aimed at raising the standard of english among more working people .
this , which regards good language learning , rich life , and theme , including the use of a series of publicity activities to promote english in the workplace .
so far , nearly 250,000 people have been provided with funding for the workplace english training , enabling them to attain the standard of hong kong 's workplace english benchmarks for relevant working categories .
hong kong 's intrinsic english campaign is one of the key initiatives launched by the hksar government in 2000 .
the key to the industry english campaign is to provide workplace english training .
the scheme aims to help needy employees who need english in their work to acquire the necessary skills and knowledge through participating in training and attending designated international business english examinations .
hebei adopts free voluntary security measures for aids testing
shijiazhuang , february 14 ( xinhua ) the hebei provincial health department recently formulated and issued a " report on the work of providing voluntary consultation and inspection of aids in hebei " ( trial implementation ) , which clearly stipulated that the system of free - of - confidential inspection of aids was implemented , hoping that the greatest number of aids patients and the patients could be found to be infected and further implemented measures for prevention and intervention and the four - point anti - aids policy .
the " plan " clearly states the work of voluntary consultation and inspection of aids in hebei province : the system of testing and consulting aids and the practice of free free of charge , and the voluntary and voluntary inspection and consultation of aids resistance , the inspection and confidentiality of aids resistance , and the consultation of non - governmental organizations , and the prevention and treatment of aids patients ' legitimate rights and interests are protected , providing relevant follow - up services .
the " program " requires that aids consultation and testing centers should be set at places for convenient consulting , and that the departments concerned should have independent and independent rooms to protect the privacy of the consulting .
the choice of the advisor should fully consider the personal quality of the person 's responsibility , the need to know the knowledge and the ability to exchange .
to protect the privacy of the consulting , the inspection leaflet can be registered with the code or number .
the " proposal " also requires that health administration departments at and above the county level should publicize the local principal media reports on the situation of medical and health institutions offering free aids free testing services and telephone calls to help the masses understand the relevant information .
the ministry of public security still focused on the work of extorting confessions by torture .
beijing , february 14 ( xinhua ) the police of the ministry of public security , the deputy chief of police inspector bureau , zheng baigang , answered reporters ' questions at a press conference held by the ministry of public security on 14 february , saying that the allegation was not too appropriate to let criminal suspects admit their crimes in china .
the focus of the work of the supervisory departments is also to prevent the occurrence of these problems .
he also pointed out that some international organizations have failed to understand the law enforcement situation in china , and this is not completely correct .
the latest information provided by the ministry of public security on 14 june shows that the ministry of public security issued in 2002 , 2002 , " regulations on the system of keeping the public security organs in place of records for putting the measures to be retained for records , " " the " regulations on applying continuing interrogations by public security organs " , and this has better guaranteed that grassroots public security organs will be able to keep in place the measures of interrogation according to law .
since 1997 , the state has strengthened three management projects ( namely , the elimination of criminal cases , extorting power for use in controlling guns , and indiscriminate use of coercive measures ) .
in order to prevent law enforcement at its source , police inspectors have further extended the scope of law enforcement inspectors ' touches , stepped up investigation of cases involving 110 cases of detention cases involving 110 police officers , and cases involving the crime of illegally dealing with property , such as security penalties and theft of machine - building information , into law - enforcement departments .
chinese vice - premier meets taiwan guests beijing , june 24
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the taipei news : wang yung - chien , who was once honorary chairman of the taiwan strait exchange foundation , has been suffering from acute heart failure and heart failure due to acute heart failure due to acute heart maneuver . he died of illness in taipei early on the morning of 15 february .
sun yun - hsuan was born on 11 november 1913 in penglai , shandong , and graduating from the electrical engineering department of harbin industrial university .
it was a member of the 10 th to 13 th cpc central committee , a member of the 11 th central standing committee , and member of the 14 th central advisory committee evaluation committee , and the 15 th central advisory committee appraisal committee .
he was once a member of the taiwan authorities ' transportation department , which has the administrative power of the china customs .
china 's water pollution impact assessment for songhua river
harbin , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to implement the " three - step " project to ensure the water quality of the songhua river and to ensure the water quality of the river will be improved , the official said
this reporter has learned from the heilongjiang provincial environmental protection bureau that the first environmental protection organization of the songhua river , a major pollution incident in the songhua river , and the project of control against the ecological impact assessment and countermeasures , have jointly determined 15 special topics , which include the incident 's emergency environmental evaluation and the ecological impact assessment evaluation of the ecological impact assessment effect of the human health project , and the integrated evaluation of the human health control project , which will be divided into five specific stages
at present , heilongjiang province has 10 colleges and universities totaling more than 60 people , and has undertaken 14 research projects .
it is said that environmental protection departments and related scientific research institutions will conduct research on five special topics , namely , the evaluation and countermeasures for an incident 's emergency environment , in an effort to first solve environmental problems that the masses are most concerned about .
among them , the main features of the segment are related to the total volume of pollutants that pollute the songhua river , the safety of the consumption of the songhua river water products , and the impact of the songhua river on the safety of decentralized water and surface water sources of the water to assess the safety of water supply in the cities , the technical plan for purifying the technology for the security of the water , and the study of the
the environmental protection department of heilongjiang province will also intensify environmental monitoring along the songhua river , and seriously investigate and deal with serious pollution accidents caused by illegal pollution and illegal construction .
heilongjiang will send environmental law enforcement personnel to supervise and guide various localities to carry out comprehensive improvement of the environment in the small river basin , improve and perfect the water quality of alkhum , and other supporting river water areas .
beijing university sets condolences on wang xuan election academician
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will continue to make efforts to improve the quality of its service to the world , said li , a senior academic with the beijing university , after several days of intense arrangements ,
at 0800 , the opening hours of the hall were not yet finished , and several dozen people outside the gate were waiting for a long line .
the reporter gave a speech at the memorial hall of the centenary of beijing university . he saw that the black banner hanging on the wall of the hall was hanging with deep throes : mourning the memorial of the academician wang xuan .
the lower deck is a wangxuan election giant whose portrait is more than 10 square meters . he wore a glasses , a smile on his face , and a refined style .
the two sides of the portrait were placed on several trees , dozens of wreaths , two sides of the walls .
one of the wreaths of the irrigation , which started in qin sheng 's skillful foundation , was delivered to the premier .
the mourning and the atmosphere were filled with a heavy heart .
among the people who mourned were leaders and teachers of beijing university , friends of wang xuan , and students of qiangxian village , who were not in common with him .
some of them held flowers in their hands , some carried with flower baskets , and each of them had a small white flower in front of their chest , slowly walking into the portrait of the academician wang xuan , bowing their hearts and sorrow .
many people cannot help but shed their tears .
he was once director of the state administration of cultural relics , and was a former alumni of beijing university . he told this reporter that more than 10 years ago , he was still working in henan province and asked professor wang xuan to give a lecture on scientific and technological innovation to provincial cadres .
the name of the chungshan academician is a man 's example .
jin ruilin of the law school of beijing university , who is a professor with wang xuan 's old friend , who has been a little over 40 years old .
a few days ago , he just left the hospital , and he insisted on making a farewell to his old friend today .
mr. jin wrote in the booklet , curbing the " taiwan independence " element by saying that he had repeatedly polished his grief and sore .
he told this reporter that professor wang xuan 's life was very frugal , and he kept the tong fu garden when he was a professor , and he already had a very high achievement , but he was still very small .
later he moved to the zeteco and found a warehouse in a place of 70 to 80 square meters .
beijing university gave him a gift to the academician 's building at the blue flag camp , with a floor space of more than 140 square meters . he did not want the high - level housing provided by the zhengzheng building , and he did not want to go to the flagship camp .
mr. jin recalled with deep feelings that wang xuan had made a lot of contributions during his overseas visit , and that he had to leave behind his high treatment . however , he resolutely declined .
he insisted in the beginning that he did not apply for an academician , and after repeated mobilization by mr. zhou peiyuan , he only needed to fill the glass .
i am sure mr. jin will have a profound feeling of the need to cultivate young people , and he has repeatedly emphasized that he has not yet seen what achievements i have , not to see me himself , but to rely on the cultivation of young people .
mr. jin said , at 50 years old , wang xuan began to pay attention to cultivating young people . he always stressed that we should pave the way for the people and give young people a way .
i am very successful in a scientist .
this reporter has learned from the beijing university press center that from 09:00 on 15 february to 12:00 on 19 february , the number of people on the wang xuan academician 's mourning hall will be open to the public every morning and from 0900 to 1200 on 19 february .
the company is known as a modern enterprise in the contemporary world , and the china science association , the vice chairman of the chinese people 's political consultative conference , the third world science academy academician , wang xuan , professor of beijing university , has been selected for medical treatment because of illness . he died of illness at the age of 70 in beijing on 13 february .
npc , chile 's parliament exchange on exchanges of visits
wu bangguo attended the signing ceremony and signed the agreement .
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) , wu bangguo , chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress , attended the signing ceremony of an agreement on political dialogue between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament at the great hall of the people on the afternoon of the 15th .
the two sides have also reached consensus on the establishment of a mechanism for exchanges between the two parliaments .
it is reported that chilean senate president romero and house speaker aseno have held a meeting in the chilean capital of santiago a few days ago .
according to the agreement , the two sides will conduct bilateral cooperation in the fields of economy , trade , culture , education , health , and sports in accordance with the principles laid down in the sino - chilean joint communique on establishment of diplomatic relations , and the two sides will set up a dialogue committee to hold regular meetings to jointly promote the all - round development of bilateral relations .
chilean ambassador to china chalabi kalrala attended the signing ceremony .
china to promulgate regulations on protection of information network dissemination
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a " network " in the country 's first internet portal to provide a platform for the public to access the internet , according to a report by the state statistical bureau ( sdrc ) .
wang zaiqiang said : according to the provisions of the current law , the work published in newspapers and periodicals can be found in a business license , as long as the author does not make a declaration of use of the author , without the consent of the author , he has to pay for the payment . in accordance with the law , the state copyright bureau has specially formulated a standard for transferring the remuneration of newspapers and periodicals .
however , according to the provisions of the current law , the newspaper and periodical publishing house has the right to issue such statutory licensing . at present , the internet does not enjoy the right to issue such statutory licensing .
according to the relevant judicial interpretations made by the supreme people 's court , the method of use of newspapers and periodicals for applying the legal license system is applicable to the internet , that is , the internet , and the author does not have a small article that does not have a copy of a statement , and that the author may not use the internet without permission , and at the same time , he must pay the remuneration .
however , as the judicial interpretation does not require a provision on the remuneration standard , the internet may not be used for these works .
e - commerce has a very good idea about using these short - sized works published in the internet , and it still needs to be determined from the legal level .
wang ziqiang said : whether or not it is inserted into the scope of law and also the information network dissemination right that will be introduced this year is confirmed , the transmission right of the spike is confirmed , and the spikes are not like a spell of spell .
russian military says georgian parliament resolution not to affect russian peacekeeping operations
moscow , february 15 ( xinhua ) russia 's defense ministry officials said here today that the russian government will not change its policy of " one country , two systems " to ensure that the peace process in the region is solved
the russian state duma ( lower house ) chairman of the cis affairs committee kofin made a statement on the same day on the georgian parliament 's resolution on the russian peacekeeping force , pointing out that the georgian side 's resolution would undermine the stability of the situation in the region and would have an unfavorable impact on russian - georgian relations .
he stressed : the georgian parliament resolution has further pushed the relations between russia and georgia toward a worsening direction .
he said : georgia 's accusation against russia is absurd .
the georgian parliament passed a resolution on the same day , requesting russian peacekeeping troops to stop their peacekeeping operations in the south ossetia , but they did not set the specific deadline for russian peacekeeping troops to withdraw .
georgian parliament criticizes russian peacekeeping personnel for not fulfilling their duties and regards russia as a regional partner in the conflict region as attempting to swallow up the territory of georgia .
georgia 's parliament urges the government to take positive actions to consider stationing its troops in the region of the south ossetia conflict to replace the peacekeeping operations in russia at present .
the georgian parliament also instructed the government to revise the decision to designate russian peacekeeping personnel to be stationed in the region where the conflict was settled .
south ossetia is a autonomous state in georgia , and is linked to the republic of northern ossetia of russia .
after the disintegration of the former soviet union , it declared independence on its own and was in a state of confrontation with the georgian central government for a long time .
at present , there are a 500 - person russian peacekeeping battalion in the region .
this unit was established in 1992 in accordance with the border defense line of the border line of russia 's north ossetia , the south of the ossetia .
four killed in fire in liaoyuan hospital
changchun , february 16 ( xinhua ) the first session of the ninth national people 's congress ( npc ) held in beijing on the morning of the 16 th , after the fire broke out in the liaoyuan city center in jilin province , four people were confirmed to be responsible for the accident , including zhang diankun , head of the hospital electric work class , and others , and others , who will be prosecuted for major responsibility accidents .
on 15 december 2005 , the largest hospital in liaoyuan city , a fire broke out at the huanzhong hospital , killing 39 people .
in this fire , the number of people who were overburned reached more than 5,000 square meters .
it is understood that this is the first national conference on medical and health care system that has taken place since the founding of new china .
according to investigations , at around 1630 on the day of the incident , the liaoyuan city center hospital suddenly stopped power , and according to the hospital 's circuit design , if power supply is suspended , the power box power gate will automatically jump to the deputy gate , and continue to maintain normal power supply at the hospital , but the power gate at that time did not automatically open , and the head of the power work squad , zhang kun , was forced to send off the fire
the underground cable which was then smoke , more than 10 cable trucks were unsealed in the sky , and the number of such cables should be very tiring .
therefore , 57 - year - old liu yufeng , chief of the electrical installation team of liaoyuan textile company , was a retired cadre ( senior engineer ) of liaoyuan power company . sun fenglin , retired worker of liaoyuan city center hospital , returned to the job and was suspected of being involved in a major responsibility accident .
china 's first rural travel in guizhou opens in tin lung ,
guiyang , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government and people 's liberation army ( pla ) have held a joint meeting on the morning of the 16th in tianlong village , tianlong town , ping dam county , guizhou province . the children were wearing the festive coat and were full of joy .
at 1100 , gu wanggu started her life - saving activity and was wearing a brown shirt of 80 years old zheng peqin , a young man , sounded the song of the first southern tour of guizhou in china 's rural areas .
tin lung castle village is a typical representative and representative of the country 's rural tourism development and a national demonstration point for rural tourism .
as a member of the military rear service of the red army in the ming dynasty , the imperial household of the imperial army has a history of more than 600 years .
here , we can see how many kinds of traditional chinese brown and blue roars are seen everywhere .
it is understood that the cultural tradition of tianlong village has relied on this advantage to develop rural cultural tourism from 2002 , and in 2005 alone the income of tickets will reach 3.8 - million yuan , with 47,000 peasant households throughout the village using catering and transportation as raw materials to participate in tourism , and farmers ' per - capita income has increased from 138.2 - billion yuan in 2002 to more than 360 - million yuan in 2005 .
yang shengming , director of the guizhou provincial tourism bureau , said that following the first tourist season in tianlong castle , the new tourism industry centering around the new rural areas , new experience of new tourism , new experience of brand new , new experience of brand new , and the rural tourism activities of various kinds in various localities in guizhou this year will reach 35 .
so far , more than 130 villages and villages have launched various rural tourism projects , and by 2005 , the total number of rural households in guizhou will reach over 600,000 , through developing tourism , to extricate themselves from poverty .
in january , housing prices in 70 cities rose 5.5 percent , and the housing prices in shanghai continued to decline .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the investment in fixed assets in the country in january this year increased by 2-2 percent over the same period last year , the highest rate since the beginning of this year , according to the ministry of finance .
shanghai 's housing prices continued to decline .
the state development and reform commission announced on 16 june that the country 's industrial production in 70 large and medium - sized cities was up to a record high of 1.25 percent in january this year , compared with a small increase of 1.9 percent in the same month last year .
statistics in the same same chart show that in the first quarter of last year , shanghai 's housing sales prices also rose by 19.1percent over the same period last year . since then , a new downturn has emerged , and in the second half of last year , a slight decline in the same period last year .
in january this year , the prices of new commodity housing in 70 large and medium - sized cities rose 6.9 percent over the same period last year , down 0.2 percentage points from the previous month .
the increase in new commodity housing prices was due to higher rates of increase in the same period , including 18.9percent in dalian , haohe 14.773 percent in shenzhen , 10.090 percent in shenzhen , 9.110 percent in beijing , 14.4 percent in beijing , and 3.1 percent in shanghai .
the organization department of the cpc central committee called for further strengthening supervision over the selection and appointment of leading cadres and cadres .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the organization department of the cpc central committee recently printed and distributed opinions on strengthening the supervision of cadres .
the opinions urged organization departments at all levels to proceed from strict management and care for cadres , to ensure that cadre supervision is permeated with cadre cultivation , education , inspection , selection , appointment , and daily management , and establish and improve a system of management system that ensures strict correction of prevention work in time , effectively strengthen supervision over leading cadres and cadre selection and appointment work .
the opinions pointed out : the main tasks of cadre supervision in organizational departments are : first , supervision over leading bodies and leading cadres should be carried out . the focus is on supervision over principal responsible persons of leading bodies ; second , supervision over the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres in party and government organizations . the focus should be placed on supervision and inspection of the implementation of the " regulations on the selection and appointment of leading cadres in party and government organizations . "
while conducting supervision over leading bodies and leading cadres , the opinions said : we should unswervingly do a good job in educating the people 's ideal and conviction and in opposing corruption and promoting clean government , and ensure that the education runs through the training , selection , and management of cadres ; we should guide and supervise the leading cadres in cultivating and promoting them ; we should persistently build a party that governs the people , and build a strong ideological and moral defense line for resisting corruption and preventing degeneration .
the newly promoted cadres should be given the opportunity to be honest and self - disciplined when they talk about their appointment .
we should urge the leading bodies at all levels to uphold democratic centralism and establish and improve rules and procedures for making decisions in a bid to conscientiously implement the system of combining collective leadership with division of work among individuals .
we should give prominence to supervision over the principal responsible persons of the leading bodies , and the responsible persons of the organization ( personnel ) departments should often hold heart - to - heart talks with the leading bodies of the lower level , and understand the situation of their ideological and work style talks .
we should establish and improve the system of day - to - day management and supervision of leading cadres , regularly understand and analyze the ideological and work style of the contingent of leading cadres , and come up with opinions and measures for solving problems .
the practice of leading cadres ' systems of admonitory talks and letters of inquiries should be implemented , and problems of unhealthy tendencies should be discovered so that they can be promptly admonished or sent to consultations .
we should also seriously deal with the conspicuous problems of the leading cadres reported by the masses , and see to it that problems indeed exist , and give criticisms or education in the light of the actual situation , or deal with them in a corresponding way .
at the same time , we should combine strengthening supervision with encouraging cadres to boldly explore and innovate , and pay attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the opinions demand that organizations ( personnel ) departments at all levels should conscientiously strengthen supervision over the selection and appointment of leading party and government cadres .
we should further improve the system of recommending cadres with a view to examining the selection of cadres , and other aspects of supervision , and strictly ensure the selection and employment of cadres , so as to ensure that the political work is capable of handling matters , and that the masses are satisfied with the work style of work .
we should strengthen supervision and inspection of the situation of implementing the regulations on appointing cadres , strictly investigate and deal with acts that violate the regulations on appointing cadres , and resolutely check unhealthy trends and corrupt phenomena in employing people .
the problem of serious irregularities in the use of personnel should be instituted and supervised and investigated .
we should establish and improve a system for investigating and affixing responsibility for the work of selecting and appointing cadres , and in accordance with the principle of being consistent in authority , scientifically define the contents of responsibility of the principal bodies in all links of the work of selecting and appointing cadres , clearly define the forms of investigation , and intensify the investigation .
we should give full play to the role of supervision by the masses , establish and improve a mechanism for making public reports with high efficiency .
we should give full play to the role of supervision by public opinion , and report to the media on the relevant situation in the work of selecting and appointing cadres in a timely manner so as to receive supervision by public opinion .
the opinions pointed out : we should further improve the mechanism for coordination and cooperation in cadre supervision work .
the organization ( personnel ) departments should strengthen coordination with discipline inspection organs , establish a mechanism for the work of improving the party 's work style and building a clean government among cadres , and establish a system of linking people with responsibility , so as to enhance the joint force of supervision .
in conjunction with discipline inspection organs , they have conscientiously done a good job in inspection work , improved inspection methods , improved inspection systems , and improved the quality of inspection .
in conjunction with auditing organs , we have conscientiously implemented the system of auditing leading cadres ' economic responsibilities .
we should improve the internal supervision mechanism for the work of selecting , appointing , and appointing cadres in organizational departments .
taiwan authorities use illegal means to invest in mainland beijing , jan. 1
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the taiwan authorities ' economic affairs department held a meeting on 15 february to punish taiwan 's chiangang , one of the lianhua electronics stocks limited ( called lianyungang electric company limited ) , which is one of the largest cross - border electronic stocks in taiwan .
taiwan 's " china times " reported that this was the first attempt by chen shui - bian to open up a cross - strait economic and trade policy , and the taiwan authorities ' " taiwan independence " remarks were first meted out to the public .
according to reports , taiwan 's hydroelectric ministry will examine personnel who are involved in the case , and because of the violation of the regulations on cross - strait relations and the regulations on the operation of investment or technical cooperation in the mainland region .
in the future , the binding system will also be examined according to the situation of former chairman cao xingcheng and others .
the hypothesis started in february 2005 .
the chairman of the board of directors of the united microelectronics company , cao xingcheng , subsequently made public that the united microelectronics did not violate any regulations of the taiwan authorities , and that the united microelectronics and the ship science and technology were to provide assistance to the united microelectronics company for the long - term interests of the united microelectronics company . if the united microelectronics company fails to enter the mainland market as soon as possible , it will lose its business opportunities
after that , the taiwan authorities ' supervision and management committee violated the stipulations on the disclosure of commercial information and made a fines of nt $ 3 million to united microeconomic management committee .
on january 9 , 2006 , the united microelectronics board accepted cao xingcheng 's resignation , and cao xingcheng had a dispute with the company over suspected violation of regulations in investing in the mainland .
the united microelectronics corp . ( called taiwan semiconductor company ) , also called taiwan 's chijing twin , is a high - tech enterprise on the island .
the taiwan authorities have made a series of moves in the past year to investigate and deal with the united microelectronics [ lian he ] , and this has drawn the attention of all circles on the island .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) my second memory of macao 's loo race , which is called a global chinese language competition ,
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the second largest river in my heart , macao , which is composed of a number of chinese cities , has been opened to the world
the essay contest was jointly organised by the macao foundation and the hundred flowers literature and art publishing house , the " foreign edition of the bulletins . " chen jianqi , vice chairman of the chinese writers association , and others were the chairmen of the appraisal committee .
in 2004 , on the occasion of the fifth anniversary of macao 's return to the motherland , the first of my memory was held in macao , the macao huaxian grand literary competition , and the sponsors at home and abroad responded positively to the call . the committee received more than 8,000 entries , and more than 10 awards from abroad were presented to the macao sar .
wu zhiliang , executive member of the macao foundation , told a press conference on the 17 th that last year , the historical city of zhicheng in macao was listed as a world cultural heritage list . this not only means that the people of macao have long been affirming the way of life and community management , but also means that the chinese nation is different in terms of tradition of friendship in the macao sar .
wu zhiliang said : it is precisely under such a good cultural atmosphere that the macao foundation and the hundred flowers and art publishing house " decided to recooperate again to hold the second edition of the paper , " the holding of the second grand grand gathering of macao , which is of the heart of the chinese people , " and hoped that participants in the competition would display the patriotic love of the country and macao through their work , the unique humanities and culture of macao , and the stability and prosperity
according to briefings , the competition ended on 1 september . the " foreign edition of the bulletins " will open a special column to select and write the entries .
after the results are announced , the selection committee will be held in the macao sar in early 2007 .
shandong successfully implemented a cardiac transplant operation
jinan , february 17 ( xinhua ) the state council of jinan military region held a meeting on the " dongshan " project of preventing the spread of the disease in the early morning of the morning of the 17 th .
on 17 april , the reporter saw in the intensive care room that the baby was full of face for 51 days after the operation , and all monitoring and inspection indexes were normal and smoothly passed the critical period of the operation , and they were playing with the health care and health care equipment they had bought to him .
according to the doctors who received the consultation on the same day , the patient from taian village , shandong , was sent to the hospital by his parents , all of them were young and purple , and they were tested and diagnosed with an anomalous cyanide heart disease and needed to undergo heart transplantation .
heart transplant operations are the most difficult and most risky way in the heart surgery .
in particular , baby baby patients under one year old are now operating at home , and they are still empty .
the jinan military region 's cardiovascular disease research institute organized experts to repeatedly demonstrate and carefully design an operation and post - operation custody plan , and conducted independent innovation in the blood vessel coincidence method , and conducted animal experiments .
on the morning of 28 december 2005 , the operation officially began .
the body was taken from a patient who died of congenital lung failure to breathe .
the operation should be in line with six blood vessels , seamless needles , each needle less than 3 millimetres .
the operation was successfully completed in 295 minutes .
china : coal mine safety supervision official on 1 st beijing , 6 mar ( xinhua ) -- the state administration of safety recently announced that the state administration of work safety has decided to put the most important task of this year .
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the four major accidents in the past four years have occurred in a row , with the number of accidents involving more than 100 people rising to a record high , causing the country 's production to slow down , the official said
the reporter learned from the state administration of production safety on 17 july that in order to truly curb the excessive occurrence of extraordinarily serious accidents such as coal mines , the coal mine is the most important of all .
this year , the state administration of safety will do the following three things well :
i continued to do a good job in tackling the tough battle .
the wafer administration should take the pull first and use the layer before it can be found in a prominent position this year .
if the high gas mine does not have a pre - requisition , then it must be ordered to immediately stop production according to law .
i will continue to do a good job in rectifying and closing down hard - line operations .
we should make the 5243 that have already been made public to the public , and the 700 - plus coal mines recently reported by various localities a single case of death .
we should regard closing down as a regular task and close down those enterprises that do not have the safety conditions for destroying resources .
the safety of coal mines should be strengthened .
we must immediately correct problems that impede the development of small state - owned large mines , and guide and manage the disorderly management of small mines .
in particular , we must pay attention to key state - owned coal mines , and we absolutely cannot allow unauthorized production of extra - intensity personnel .
this year 's production safety control index demands that the number of deaths of various accidents nationwide dropped by 3 percent from last year , of which coal mines dropped by 3.5 percent .
one death toll of more than 10 people and number of accidents should be reduced by 5 percent , of which 7 percent is down from the coal mine .
these control indices have been assigned to all provincial people 's governments , and various localities are now at the grassroots level declining to the grassroots level and enterprises .
statistics show that in 2005 , 5986 coal mine accidents nationwide were killed , a drop of 0.77 percent compared with the same period last year .
however , the number of major accidents involving more than 10 people and the number of victims rose 66.6 percent over the same period last year .
barroso urges all parties to remain calm in kosovo 's future status talks
belgrade , february 17 ( xinhua ) the u s government will continue to support the development of the european union ( eu ) , said a report from the european union ( eu ) here today
barroso met with the chief executive of the interim authority , siemiri serivian serbia , and other officials , respectively , on the same day .
he also stressed that the european commission will do its best to help kosovo develop .
barroso also expressed his admiration for the efforts kosovo has made in implementing the eight criteria for the implementation of the un - proposed kuwait democratic process .
he said that the implementation of these standards would affect the key factor of the integration of kosovo and europe .
he also called on all serbians in kosovo to join the various organizations in kosovo in order to make due contributions to realizing democracy and the integration of the various nationalities .
barroso arrived in pristina on the same day for a one - day visit .
barroso had visited croatia and serbia before the talks , and he will visit macedonia , albania and bosnia .
( winter olympics stimulants ) news analysis : sending out a member of the sikens incident is likely to end up without end .
duin , february 17 ( xinhua ) the following is a news analysis : the incident of sending out duowa may not be over
xinhua news agency reporter gao ying
although italy has repeatedly said that turin winter olympics will be held , the number of people who used stimulants was probably not much of the prison .
turin winter olympics opened on 16 june , the first pioneering doping scandal involving doping has occurred , and alvara leva has been found to have used banned drugs .
the next day , the international olympic committee announced that it had been sent out of the winter games , and she had won the gold medal in the winter games at the current winter olympics .
the international winter biennial alliance made a statement on the same day regarding the two - year ban on the submission of the levds .
the ioc has always stipulated that athletes have been uncovered in the olympic games using stimulants and will be eliminated and be stripped of their qualification to participate , but not legally sanctioned .
however , according to italian law , the number of people carrying and using stimulants belongs to criminal acts , and the judiciary has the right to directly arrest and investigate the use of stimulants , and to use the body of the defence attorney to face a three - month prison term which is not yet three years .
last december , the international olympic committee and the italian government , through a year of bargaining , paid a low price for the ioc and reached an agreement , and both sides agreed to conduct a comprehensive review of the use of stimulant by the athlete according to the italian law during the winter olympic games .
with the unremitting efforts of the international olympic committee , the italian side made a concession four days before the opening of the winter olympic games , promising that the police would not enter the olympic village to search the athlete 's place during the winter games , but the drug screening contested athletes will still be investigated by the italian procuratorial organ .
it has been reported that the italian government supervises the turin winter olympics , peskrit , has already sent the stimulant to the italian government to dupont .
however , the ioc and peter s . peter sandy have not yet confirmed the matter .
russia 's two teams of winter medal , andrew , disclosed at noon on 17 april that the russian team left dubai and returned to the country .
the chinese government has worked for many years in the world anti - doping agency , shi kangcheng , who believes that once leava is sent back to china , this matter will ultimately be unclear .
shi said the ioc and the italian government have made great efforts in the fight against doping in the winter olympics , and have not completely solved the problem even if the italian procuratorial organ really got involved in the matter , the result was very difficult to tell .
according to the previous italian side 's understanding of the incident of using stimulants by its own athletes , the maximum penalty received by the violators is only two years of imprisonment , the penalties being carried out within the prison period .
therefore , senior reporter pele of the italian anta society said that sending leva into the prison was not so likely . the multi - purpose model is to impose a fine .
pierre also said that although the italian court could conduct a default trial , the italian police could not send them abroad to the foreign country to take their sentences .
if leyva refuses to accept the verdict , the italian side will have no way to take her .
new epidemic sites continue to emerge in all countries in the world
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the bird flu has been hit by a bird flu virus in africa , according to a comprehensive report by xinhua news agency 's reporters stationed abroad .
the world health organization confirmed on 17 july that three areas in egypt have already found dead from bird flu virus infection .
france also found for the first time in europe that the virus of five types of avian influenza virus was detected , european countries were highly vigilant against the disease , and strengthened measures against the disease .
the world health organization ( who ) 's east mediterranean region consultant , hassan bush , told the press on 17 july that currently in cairo , central egypt , and three southern mina regions have already found the infection type of 5cluster of bird flu virus , and the egyptian government 's relevant departments have started to kill suspected cases of bird flu .
experts point out that egypt is a major destination for migratory birds in the middle east and north africa , and migratory birds are likely to bring into the country by birds .
egypt has already announced that it will ban live birds from abroad and strengthen quarantine work at border ports .
the chinese government has always attached importance to the safety of the chickens in the country , and has been keeping close contact with the local authorities .
cameroon has decided to suspend the import of poultry from nigeria , which has been infected with the bird flu , and to suspend all markets along the border of the two countries .
the cameroon government has also built a comprehensive air - control system in a short period of time , and the country 's basedad center and the national veterinary laboratory have also been in an emergency state of awaiting the operation of the algae type 1 virus at any time .
in europe , denmark and sweden , the epidemic situation was initially ruled out .
the swedish veterinary institute issued a statement on the death of the dead swans discovered this wednesday , indicating that swedish geese had not been infected with the bird flu virus .
the danish veterinary bureau 's initial laboratory results also showed that the number of the 30 dead birds found in denmark recently had not been infected with the bird flu virus .
but the agricultural department said denmark should not take it lightly .
this year , nine countries have already experienced bird flu outbreaks in eastern europe , and the world health organization ( who ) experts said in bucharest on the 17th that there are almost all bird flu cases in the danube delta , and that romania may be able to produce a bird flu vaccine within three or five years .
in bangladesh , asia , the government has taken all necessary measures to prevent avian influenza .
the government livestock service provided relevant officials with information on the prevention of avian influenza , and also organized poultry farmers to train .
( selected newspaper collections ) china 's first blood information management system built in zhejiang
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the first chinese national blood donor to the hospital for blood information management ( pmmis ) has been officially established and put into use in the center , according to the blood center of zhejiang province .
a relevant person in charge at the zhejiang provincial blood center said that this means that any citizen will be allowed to have a blood extraction in any county ( city ) in zhejiang province in the future , and that a person without any charge will be allowed to donate blood . when he again donates blood , he will be able to get a record of blood , and if he goes to a county ( city ) , then he added the number of blood - dwelling piles of information .
the responsible person further explained that if the relevant code - named records are included , the system shows that the insolvent period has not been completed , the number of people who do not have the right to donate blood will be shown .
this way of doing things will not only protect the health of the donor , but also effectively protect the health and safety of the blood users .
in addition , when blood supply is tense , the donor and his family have the right to use blood first , so long as you input the valid documents of the donor , you can immediately show the information of the blood donor , and this is quite convenient .
according to a report by hangzhou 's " today morning post , " at present , this information system has been put into operation in all 36 blood - drilling organizations throughout the province , and the blood resources of various blood - dropping organizations in the province have also been shown in real time , thus realizing a province - wide sharing of data .
to prevent the recurrence of hillside landslides , 11 villages in the philippines urgently withdrew from the area
manila , february 18 ( xinhua ) the philippine government will continue to implement the measures to prevent the recurrence of similar landslides in 11 villages in the eastern philippines , local officials said on the 18th .
the official said that the new round of talks between the two sides will be held in the southern african country , where landslides occurred on the 17 th .
the 11 villages evacuated will be resettled in seven evacuated centers .
" the government has decided yesterday to let residents withdraw from the city , and today another person will be sent to check the village , because some people do not want to leave their homes .
the july 17 mountain landslide incident occurred in the southern city of sbeer , a mountain - based village in sbeer town , southern leehart . judging from the television picture , soil and rocks have buried the entire village , and we can only see several roofs .
as the soil is very thick and very humidity , the mud that is buried behind can survive very little .
so far , 109 people have been killed and 57 others have been rescued .
according to estimates , the number of deaths caused by this accident may reach 1,800 .
( overseas chinese affairs in fujian ) quanzhou , fujian province , has exported more than 35.22 percent of its overseas chinese exports in the first month of this year
fuzhou , february 19 ( xinhua ) the state council decided to raise the export volume of the country 's first five - year plan to 2-2 - billion yuan in january this year , a year - on - year increase of 2-2 percent .
according to customs statistics , the country 's total exports reached 330 - million us dollars in january , setting the best record in history , up 35.2 percent over the same period last year , which was higher than the province 's average growth rate .
according to the analysis of the quanzhou city foreign economic bureau , the reason for quanzhou 's high - speed growth in foreign trade in january was due to the effect of quanzhou 's several measures for foreign trade support services , enterprises ' export enthusiasm was running high , quanzhou 's economic operations were active , enterprise confidence was strengthened , and the environment for the development of foreign trade was highly efficient and unimpeded .
