the two tv sets carrying the investigation information of princess diana were stolen .
london , march 6 , 2007
the london daily news reported that two ringleaders of the car accident , which occurred in paris in 1997 , were shot dead by a big cosmopolitan police office .
the report pointed out that this theft case has caused people to speculate that the computer may contain a computer that is carried by the former metropolitan police chief steve tison .
however , a spokesman for the metropolitan police bureau said there was no sensitive information in the computer or any information relating to the investigation .
sir stephen steve is the first senior officer of the british nousa police station , and his office is in the vicinity of tallenberg .
the report said that the senior officers of the nissau had been looking for two stolen robberies in the past 10 days .
a weekend holiday that took place between january 28 and 29 , including computers and cash were taken away , and the second case occurred last week , there was no loss .
the police office of the republic of africa also said there is no evidence to show that the two cases and sir tidson steve were related to the work .
he said that he was not surprised to see the death of princess chavez , who was the cause of the accident .
the monument of the royal family , brandes , ordered in 2004 to continue to investigate the relevant evidence .
princess diana was arrested by the police in a car accident in paris on august 31 , 1997 , when she died together with her and her wife fayer and driver .
after two years of investigation , the french police believed that the drug was caused by the driver 's drink driving and the use of drugs , resulting in the loss of control of the vehicle and the truck causing the tragedy .
the two sides of the sri lankan war agreed to negotiate in geneva in late may
xinhua news agency , lilun , july 7 ,
norway , which has suspended the peace process , said that the sri lankan war group agreed to hold talks in geneva , switzerland , on 22 june , defusing the efforts of all sides to end the decades - long racial bloodshed , which has been in a deadlock in talks .
norwegian special envoy for peace solheim met with the leader of the tamil tiger organization , khan , in london , and won the breakthrough .
the norwegian embassy in beijing said in a statement that clashes were caused by the sri lankan government and the tanzania liberation tigers , asking the norwegian government to assist in the negotiations on february 22 to 22 in geneva .
the two - day talks will focus on how to strengthen the cease - fire agreement that will take effect on february 23 , 2002 , and this agreement has not been fully observed by both sides .
the norwegian embassy pointed out that the two sides will discuss how to improve the implementation of the cease - fire agreement , which is the first time in such a high level of bilateral face - to - face talks .
sulaham said that he would lead a norwegian team to participate in the negotiations and four representatives from the tamil tiger organization led by barzon khan , and the sri lankan government by the minister of health .
he said : one is a small step leading to the road of peace , but an important step is that the process of negotiations will be hard to predict .
the first face - to - face talks to resolve the racial conflict in sri lanka was held in japan in march 2003 , but the tiger of tamil eelam liberation has cancelled the original plan for holding the seventh round of talks in thailand in april 2003 .
the southern and northern korean team , the north korean team , to join hands to enter the winter olympics
italy 's largest trading partner , italy 's largest trading partner , italy , april 10
the 20 th winter olympics held an opening ceremony in duolin today . the two countries , which were each enemy during the cold war period , were each taking part in the ceremony .
south korean woman 's speed skating competitor lee po - la and the north korean man 's flower skating competitor han cheng - yan respectively held the two teams ' flag captain and led the north korean team to enter the winter olympic games stadium .
this is the first time the south korean and north korean olympic team has joined hands in the winter olympics .
to reflect the good unity and spirit of reconciliation between the two sides in recent years , the sydney summer olympics and the athens olympics in 2004 will be held in the year 2000 and the 2004 summer games .
north korea has not participated in the 19 th winter olympics in salt lake city , the united states .
the korean peninsula was split into a modern north korean peninsula in 1948 as a capitalist country and the north korean , which was separated from the korean peninsula , during the korean war period from 1950 to 1953 .
south china sea leader holds peace summit in 2000 , and the relations between the two sides have become better .
according to the tradition , the greek team is the first to enter the country , and south korea is the 22 nd in the 80 countries participating in the competition , and the 23 north koreans are the countries of the tournament .
the national congress of the great national cause of the italian nation is the last country to enter the stadium , and when the italian team entered the stadium , a warm cheering and front - line applause broke out .
hovman had been sinking in a timely manner and had been able to realize the vision of creating a new stage of performing arts .
new york , march 16 , 2007
it is recognized as the most hopeful to win the championship of the oscar emperor this year , the movie " boonycott " : white - collar holy man , the main actor of the baby , is mount hefuwman , revealed that he was sinking in a rough - and - burdened drug and wine - - he was unable to extricate himself . fortunately , he succeeded in the horse and successfully started his
in an interview with the us cbs news magazine , john howard sighed that during that period , in order to get drugs and alcohol , he did not take any means to do so .
he was only 20 years old and had just graduated from the department of drama at the university of new york and entered a five - colored society . the daily life rhythm was fast rotating , and finally he became unconscious and lost control .
he entered the erle tube at the age of 22 , and there was a retaliation for the habit of drinking and drug - trafficking , which was the most panic period in his life .
the oscar prize presentation ceremony to be held next month will be a part of the world 's largest writer , mr john holbrooke , who is the world 's second - largest producer , who is the world 's second - largest producer .
before that , his superb performance had already been affirmed and won quite a few awards , including a gold ball prize , the best male lead actor .
the 38 - year - old actor said in the interview that if the young pioneer team had not made up his mind to change his bad habit before his name , he could not win the oscar 's nomination .
he said he admired those young people aged 19 and suddenly became a famous artist .
bird flu trails in european countries , fears of panic
brussels , march 16 , 2007
the strains of the bird flu virus are continuously emerging in europe , causing panic among the people .
the european commission has approved the establishment of another panzeitung control zone to include all areas where the virus is found to be in the management and ban the transportation of all poultry - type biosecurity .
the death of a deadly h5n1 virus was detected in nigeria on the eighth day of the discovery of the virus , and the epidemic has been expanded to more chicken farms , and signs have already crossed the northern border into niger .
egyptian officials are investigating a sudden outbreak of a chicken mass slaughter in a farm in the south , worrying that the virus might continue to spread .
the european chicken market was affected by the virus , and the big drop was down . the eu executive committee stressed that there was no reason to panic .
the executive committee is responsible for the health and food safety executive committee ( chp ) , diprincino , said that the public is understandable but there is no need to make excessive response .
following the detection of three - kilometer area of the virus and 10 - kilometer alert zone in the past , the eu executive committee again laid down new regulations to list the viruses in all the european region as shelter zones .
a eu official who declined to be named pointed out that everyone is nervous and they are all in the process of handling the issue of " falungong " followers who came from various parts of europe from one day to the next .
so far , a total of 39,000 austrian swiss troops have been killed in the southern part of the country , the southern part of the country , and the european union has been the largest country in the world .
the first case of the 31st case was discovered in romania on 16 june , and the rugene island of slovenia and germany also found new cases .
the southern part of italy was found in two ducks that the bird flu virus was the first bird flu virus outside the wild swans in europe , and was infected with 521 virus .
the eu officials are now most concerned about the migratory birds that will soon be left from africa .
the government of nigeria is working to stop the virus from spreading to humans in the african continent .
the government of nigeria announced that all poultry meat products that are within five kilometers of fangyuan region near the infected farms , will be infected without any virus threat .
the niger government of its neighboring country niger announced that the country had entered a state of alert and also allocated 4 million us dollars of emergency plans to monitor and monitor the border of nigeria .
the newly established state emergency committee said that they had received notification that , under the border marx of the songee - siege of the two countries , nearly 400 birds were killed .
the new regulations for the management of the electronic banking industry of china will be put into effect on 1 march .
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a national financial supervision and management committee to protect the interests of the public and to protect the interests of the people of the country , according to the china banking regulatory commission ( cbrc ) .
a spokesman for the china banking regulatory commission said that according to the regulations of the management measures , the examination and approval methods of foreign - funded financial institutions have basically remained unchanged , that is , after foreign banks are allowed to operate on - line banking business , if new types of bank business are added , the main bank of china of the branch should be subject to unified reporting and examination by the main bank of china .
to regulate commercial banks ' use of the internet to develop banking business , in june 2001 , the people 's bank of china formulated and promulgated the " interim procedures for managing internet banking business . "
a cbrc spokesman said that with the continuous development of e - banking business in commercial banks , the interim procedures cannot meet the requirements of risk supervision by electronic banking , and the cbrc has formulated two new regulations for this purpose .
according to a spokesperson of the china banking regulatory commission , the cbrc has made a decision on the quality of its safety assessment organization , which is different from the administrative license system of the industry 's access or enterprise qualification , and is not a necessary condition for the evaluation institutions to conduct the electronic banking safety assessment business , and only as a reference for the financial institution in choosing the assessment institution .
as long as the safety assessment organization meets the relevant requirements and requirements , even if it does not have the qualification of the cbrc , it can also employ its financial institutions to conduct an electronic banking safety assessment , but it should be managed according to relevant regulations .
the " procedures for managing electronic banking business " consists of nine chapters and 99 articles , which are divided into four categories : data exchange and transfer management outsourcing management operation management operation management management operation through outbound management , management of cross - border business activities , nine legal responsibilities and supplementary provisions .
the " guidance on the assessment of e - banking safety " consists of five chapters and 57 articles , which are divided into five parts : the management and supplementary rules for implementing security assessment activities by security assessment institutions in general evaluation organizations .
" mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , chen yun on investigation and study " published
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the " selected works of mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , chen yun on investigation and study " , compiled by the cpc central literature research center , was recently published and distributed by the central party literature publishing house .
we should conduct investigation and study in depth and persist in integrating theory with practice , and formulate and implement correct lines , principles , and policies . this is the result of the cpc 's basic experience and basic work methods in leading revolution .
mao zedong 's ruins of the nineties , the ' great deeds ' of the older generation revolutionaries such as deng xiaoping and chen yun , made many important and brilliant expositions on the questions of investigation and study , and they also frequently went to the grass - roots units to personally conduct social investigations and wrote many investigation reports .
the practice and results of their investigation and study are of great significance to guiding the party and the people 's cause to develop along the correct road .
" mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , chen yun on investigation and study " are divided into three parts : the first part is the " theory of investigation and study " of mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation , and the second part is the collection of essays on investigation and study by mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation , and the third part was the investigation and study of the three investigation groups and zhou lingde
most of these reports were published for the first time .
in addition , there are two articles on the work of investigating and studying the central leaders in the 1950s and 1960 s .
russia reiterates one - china policy
moscow , february 6 ( xinhua ) russian deputy foreign minister alexeyev said on wednesday that russia is willing to strengthen cooperation with russia in the field of energy and environmental protection .
alekseyev said that russia has noticed that chen shui - bian 's recent remarks about taiwan independence .
the russian government has consistently upheld the one - china principle and firmly supported china 's efforts to realize the great cause of national reunification .
last year , after the national people 's congress passed the " anti - secession law , " russia took the lead in openly expressing support .
alekseyev said that the russian foreign ministry will soon issue a statement reiterating the one - china stand and opposition to taiwan independence .
( overseas ) third chinese compatriot killed in south africa in two days
johannesburg , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese people 's association for the promotion of democracy ( cdnp ) , the fuqing chinese , lin yixing , was shot dead by local militants in the bars he operated on the morning of the 5th , local time , and was certified dead early on the morning of the 6th after being rescued and rescued .
according to feng yang , president of the federation of chinese communities of liberia , the incident occurred in the huaolkorm house of verkland , a city of more than 130 kilometers northwest of burundian .
at that time , the owner of the shop , lin yixing , was picking up the goods inside the station and preparing to end the day 's business .
at this time , three customers were still in the store , one of them , who fired a pistol to enter the station and robbed it .
lin yixing , 40 , was fighting with the culprits and the culprits opened a gun to lin yixing and fled afterwards .
the local people who rushed to the scene sent lin yixing to the hospital for medical treatment . because lin yixing 's body was covered with all blood seepage of the blood - seed blood - seed leukemia , it was not halted by blood , and at about 3:30 am on 6 february .
on 6 february , the chinese consulate general in jordan , xu defu , consul general of the chinese consulate general , and lin changming , vice chairman of the association of south africa 's chinese fujian fellow townsfolk , rushed to burunlong to assist the family members of the deceased in handling the aftermath of the incident .
mr lam yixing became the first person to be killed by the kidnappers within 36 hours and was also the third chinese soldier killed in south africa since the beginning of this year .
( newspaper clippings ) shanghai : part - time personnel and graduates of higher education become main employees
beijing , february 7 ( xinhua ) the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau announced on the 6th that the labor service wage guidance price for the year 2006 is 120 , an 11 - month increase over the previous year .
according to an assessment by a relevant expert of the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau , the number of hours of employees in shanghai has exceeded 1 million .
according to a report in china youth daily , college graduates and part - time employees are major components of the contingent of hours workers .
through direct investigation of nearly 8,000 hours of work , more than half of the staff are part - time personnel , and the percentage is 51.11 percent .
the cultural level of part - time workers is generally relatively high , and they mainly engage in relatively strong technical work , such as translation posts , with a combined employment ratio of up to 81.7 percent , and fitness of 61.6 percent .
the high income is an important reason why many people are engaged in both hours and work .
it is understood that the monthly income of individual posts can be tens of thousands of yuan , and it is hard to ask for a single job , just like the rumor translation , and the monthly income of an hour - job office can reach more than 2,000 yuan , such as part - time financial married cousins .
to satisfy individual interests , expanding the scope of their knowledge is also a favorite reason for both part - time hours of work .
for example , mr. gu , who served as the manager of the human resources department of a enterprise , will take a few hours a week to handle the financial accounts of a foreign - funded representative office .
mr koo considered that the greatest income from part - time employment was to keep up updating his knowledge and to have the opportunity to involve another field . of course , the income of $ 2,000 per month also had a certain enticement .
as the threshold for some hours of work posts is low , the employment form is flexible and free , and many graduates who are now seeking employment are also gradually favored by them , and 148 percent of the hours of work are graduates of tertiary and secondary vocational schools in the past three years .
i did not want to work for an hour at the beginning , but i felt that it was better than working for nine to five months later than working in the dprk .
after graduation from university student huang , the work he found was not as good as expected and finally hung up his name at a guesthouse . he used piano to play the background music .
i am quite satisfied with the current work , and the environment is good at one hour and 100 yuan . i am now looking for a few hours of work .
it is understood that the work of an hour has become a experience accumulated by some graduates who are currently seeking jobs to improve their skills in work , and help improve their skills in communicating with one another and improving their skills in social development .
the graduates are engaged in the work of hours , mainly in the fields of knowledge and skills , such as those with relatively strong professional skills , age - oriented and performance skills .
some of the job skills required for the hours work , such as food promoter and assistant , etc. , were not high enough .
the data show that among the employed persons , the number of unemployed persons was 39,000 , of which the proportion of unemployed persons in the retail sector was 68.44 percent , and the proportion of food and drink was 58.77 percent , and the number of hours of employees becoming important channels for the unemployed .
wu bangguo inspects anhui province
beijing , february 8 ( xinhua ) the cpc central committee political bureau standing committee standing committee chairman wu bangguo recently met with a delegation from the anhui provincial people 's congress ( npc ) , during an inspection tour of anhui , during which wu bangguo , member of the standing committee of the cpc central committee political bureau , stressed the need to persistently take the scientific development concept as the guide , seriously implement the central guidelines and policies in light of local realities , further emancipate the mind , carry out work in a creative way
from 6 to 8 february , wu bangguo went to wuhang lake , wuhang lake , and other places to go deep into the rural scientific research institutes and institutes of higher education in the rural areas .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui is a city that has the advantage of linking the east and west to the north . it is an important agricultural region in china . it has abundant natural resources , has a good industrial foundation , has a relatively strong scientific and technological force , has abundant cultural and tourist resources , and has great development potential .
anhui should firmly seize the important opportunity to promote the rise of central china and unswervingly uphold the central task of economic construction . in close connection with the actual situation in anhui , it should conscientiously implement the central authorities ' principles and policies , carry out its work in a creative way , and implement the scientific development concept in concrete measures and in practical work .
we should sum up experience in practice in a timely manner , fully rely on the masses , vigorously support reform and innovation , and constantly open up a new situation in anhui 's work .
we should actively promote the building of a harmonious society and persistently ensure that the majority of the people 's fundamental interests are properly safeguarded and developed as the starting point and end result of all our work , actively create conditions , and gradually resolve practical problems faced by the masses of people in difficulty , gradually change the dual structure of urban and rural areas , and safeguard and realize social justice and justice and ensure that all people enjoy the fruits of reform and development .
wu bangguo stressed : china has reached a stage where it is necessary to rely more on enhancing its ability to make innovations independently and improving the quality of its workers to promote economic and social development . only by making great efforts to promote scientific and technological progress and innovations can we bring about a leap in the quality of productive forces , and truly bring economic and social development onto the track of scientific development .
we should establish and perfect systems and mechanisms that are conducive to innovations , increase investment in science and technology , encourage patents and inventions , develop famous brands , speed up the transformation of scientific and technological achievements into real productive forces , strengthen the status of enterprises as the main body in independent innovation , and continually raise the contribution rate of scientific and technological progress to economic growth .
we should support and encourage the participation of key technological elements in distribution , establish and perfect a statistical index system that reflects the ability to innovate independently , and study and formulate financial laws and government procurement policies that support independent innovation , and form a policy system that encourages independent innovation .
we should cultivate a sense of innovation throughout society , vigorously advocate the spirit of daring to innovate and be bold in competition , and strive to create a good atmosphere of talent coming forth in large numbers .
wu bangguo pointed out : the npc has played an important role in the process of building a socialist country ruled by law .
to do a good job in the work of the people 's congresses under the new situation , first , it is necessary to adhere to the correct political orientation , unswervingly take the road of developing socialist politics with chinese characteristics , and organically integrate upholding the party 's leadership over the people as masters of their own affairs with administering the country according to law .
second , closely revolve around the overall situation of the work of the party and the state , closely revolve around major issues in reform , development , and stability , and work closely around hot and difficult problems of common concern to the masses of the people , and constantly enhance the practical results of the work of the people 's congress .
third , give play to the characteristics and advantages of the work of the people 's congresses , uphold democratic centralism , act according to the procedures , and make a collective decision on the issue .
we should adhere to the mass line , take people as the foundation , exercise power for the people , be concerned for the people , and work for the interests of the people .
china proposes major scientific research plans for the next 15 years
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has made great efforts to enhance china 's international competitiveness , promote sustainable development and achieve a key leap forward , the state council 's " medium @ - and long - term scientific and technological development program for 2006 - 2020 " has drawn up four major scientific research plans .
the four major scientific projects are the research and development of protein science research and development of nanfang rice research and breeding and reproduction research .
the outline points out that protein science is the scientific commanding point of life in the intense competition of the developed countries .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on studying the transfer of key bio - organisms , such as the tuan tujia genetry group , the genetic structure of genetic function of genetic physics and its interactive genetic and system biometric , protein , and protein research methods and relevant application procedures .
the outline also holds that quantum regulatory and control research is of a clear and forward - looking nature and may have a major impact on the development of human society and economy by 20-30 .
china should focus on studying the carrier and regulatory principles and methods of quantum communications , and on quantitative calculation , new quantitative effects , quantitative control and measurement of the limited small quantitative system , new principles and new technological foundation for quantitative regulation and control , and so on .
in addition , the program pointed out that nanometer science and technology has become a strategic choice for many countries to enhance their core competitiveness , and is also one of the fields that china is hopeful to achieve leapfrog development .
in the next 15 years , china 's key research in this field will include the control of nanometer materials , the automated and functional manufacturing of nanometer , and the development of the nagano biology and nanometer medicine , and the yardstick of naometric imental materials and nanometer technology .
china 's population growth is large , there is a great shortage of births , and there is a serious shortage of organs that are transplanting , and the peak of aging is approaching . therefore , it is urgently necessary to make breakthroughs in the scientific theory of reproduction and the scientific theory of breeding and technological innovation .
according to the program , china will focus on developing the research of cells for cells to grow and control , and the maturity and proficiency of cells and the recession and retreat of human reproductive functions .
shanghai 's housing price increase drops by 7 percentage points
shanghai , february 9 ( xinhua ) the state 's budget for the housing sector in 2005 will be raised to a new level , with a significant effect in shanghai , according to a report released by the state council on the reform of the housing market .
according to the latest data released , last year , the various indexes of shanghai 's real estate industry all showed a rather marked decline or slow growth .
the increase in prices of residential properties dropped 6.6 percentage points from the previous year , and the housing sector 's added value fell 4.1 percent from the previous year .
pan jian , director of the shanghai municipal bureau of statistics , said at a news conference a few days ago that the average sales price of commercial residential housing in shanghai in 2005 was 6698 yuan / square meters , 313 yuan higher than that in 2004 .
the price of sales of residential properties in the whole year rose 9.2 percent over the previous year , and the rate of increase fell 6.6 percentage points compared with the same period last year .
the annual added value of the real estate industry was 67.023 billion yuan , down 4.1 percent from the previous year .
of the outstanding loans , the outstanding amount of personal mortgage loans was 264.494 - billion yuan , up 29.4 - billion yuan in the year , and the increase in loans for 2004 reached 72.80994 - billion yuan .
pan jianxin said that from the perspective of the sales prices of real estate in shanghai for the whole year , the prices of commercial housing will be stabilized .
the statistics also showed that according to the latest data , the real estate price increase in shanghai will drop somewhat in 2005 , and the average sales price of residential commercial properties will be 6698 yuan / square meters , 313 yuan higher than that of 2004 .
the annual housing sales price level in 2005 increased 9.7 percent over the previous year , and the increase rate dropped 6.2 percentage points from the previous year .
according to his briefing , last year , shanghai municipality completed a total of 124.686 - billion yuan in real estate development investment , an increase of 6.1 percent over the previous year .
the sales area was 315.887 million square meters , down 9.55 percent .
the sales of commercial properties for the whole year was 211.6 trillion yuan , down 4.55 percent from the previous year .
two light aircraft crashed in new zealand
wellington , february 9 ( xinhua ) two light aircraft of new zealand collided with a car bomb near the southorn region 100 km north of the capital of wellington on the 9th , killing two students of the flight school .
according to a responsible person of the local civil aviation department , the drivers of the two planes were all pilots of the flight academy of the university of marsh . they were still undergoing training and had not yet obtained their flying licenses .
at the time of the incident , two planes were in a non - air control zone . according to regulations , pilots were dealing with the navigational and safety situation of the aircraft in such a zone .
a witness at the scene of the incident told the new zealand media that he had heard a huge explosion while the plane collided and saw the aircraft crashed into the ground .
another eyewitnesses also confirmed that a huge explosion was heard before the crash and that there were ruffians of airplanes .
the cause of the collision is yet to be clear , and the local civil aviation department will investigate this .
chinese , argentine fans condemn chen shui - bian 's taiwan independence remarks
buenos aires , february 8 ( xinhua ) a chinese delegation headed by its president and president , the argentine chinese people living in argentina , issued a solemn statement on the 8th , strongly condemning chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence , and opposing any attempt to separate taiwan from china .
the statement said that chen shui - bian said in his speech on 29 january that he would abolish the alliance between the two countries and the program of unification of the country , and step forward toward taiwan independence .
the hope of compatriots on both sides of the strait for peace and the desire of taiwan compatriots for peace and development will face severe challenges .
the statement pointed out that it is firmly opposed to and curbed separatist activities in taiwan independence and that safeguarding peace and stability in the taiwan strait region remains the most pressing task for compatriots on both sides of the strait and the chinese society in the world .
the statement stressed that the council of argentina for promoting china 's peaceful reunification is willing to hold talks with all overseas chinese and chinese from argentina who uphold the one - china principle , and resolutely oppose all forms of taiwan independence and actively promote china 's peaceful reunification .
prc expert : us ' military threat ' in china ' groundless accusations
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a " new security council " in the " four - year defense review report " to the congress a few days ago , which is the first time to say that china is the emerging big country that may pose a challenge to the us military .
experts believe that this is a groundless accusation and a touching of the china military threat theory , and a provocative act of interfering in china 's internal affairs .
the " four - year defense assessment report " is a new national defense guidance document of the pentagon .
the 92 - page report expounds china 's military strength and the us measures to deal with it .
yao yunzhu , a research fellow of the institute of world military studies under the chinese academy of military sciences , said that although senior us officials had repeatedly expressed similar views , this was the first time in the united states to propose a strategy report on defense strategy that would most likely pose a military challenge to the united states .
the report clearly defines for the first time the status of russia 's emerging strategic adversary , especially the so - called china military threat theory , has been given more attention .
major general peng guangqian , a research fellow of the chinese academy of military sciences , said :
it is noteworthy that in the " four - year defense review report " officially submitted , us president bush also submitted a report on the defense budget for the fiscal year 2007 , including a total of 4393 - billion us dollars .
if the war is added to the military action in iraq and afghanistan , the us will not be able to increase its defense budget for 2007 .
peng guangqian maintained that the united states ' tricks to create a threat to other countries reflected the consistent style of the pentagon to create enemies , and its real purpose was to secure more national defense funds and to provide more financial support for the us munitions industrial group .
experts said that compared with the huge military expenditure of the united states , china 's defense expenditure is quite limited .
he has attended many times the writing of the white paper on china 's national defense , and said that since the 1990 s , with economic development , china 's defense spending has increased somewhat , but the proportion of the national financial expenditure in the same period has been on the decline .
official data show that compared with 1979 , china 's defense spending accounts for more than 10 percent of the total national financial expenditure for the same period .
china 's national defense expenditure for 2005 was 244.656 billion yuan , only about one - third of the us national defense spending , and the per capita national military spending was only about one - 60 of the us , and the per capita military spending was about one - thirty us military expenditure .
the area of the united states is roughly the same as that of china 's territory , but the difference in military spending is so huge . in the end , who is the military force that exceeds the legitimate defense needs is self - evident and self - evident .
peng guangqian said :
teng jianqun , director of the research department of the china arms control and disarmament association , said that the us side should objectively evaluate the status of china 's military construction , and that china 's peaceful development does not mean that china and the united states will become military opponents in the future .
the white paper entitled " china 's national defense in 2004 " says that china firmly follows the path of peaceful development and adopts a defensive national defense policy .
china has not been either in or in the future , nor will it pose a threat to any country .
so far , china has not established military bases in any other country , nor has it sent troops and manpower to other countries , and the united states has over 100 military bases overseas , only a few dozen of which are deployed in the asian region .
zhu feng , professor of the beijing university international relations institute , said : china and the united states should increase communication and exchanges through established channels , enhance mutual understanding and trust , and comprehensively promote the constructive and cooperative relationship between china and the united states in the new century so as to jointly promote the maintenance of world peace and development .
( winter olympics ) opening ceremony of turin winter olympics to be held
duling , february 9 ( xinhua ) the 20 th winter olympic games opened here this afternoon , with the opening ceremony of the 20 th winter games to be held at the turin olympic sports stadium .
on 9 july , the organizing committee of the turin winter olympic games revealed to reporters the brilliant arrangements for the opening ceremony .
the meeting was held in beijing on the afternoon of 29 june .
he said that the night of 10 may will be unforgettable , and that by that time , 35,000 viewers and 2 - billion television audiences around the world will see the opening ceremony full of passion success , and the opening ceremony of the exhibition , full of passion , success .
the flames of enthusiasm are filled with the brighter wingenious wingtan of peace and the white pain of the alps and the white snow and milk of the alps will appear at the opening ceremony . the director said that the genetic relationship and the vigorous italian style will become the main theme of the opening ceremony and the main theme of the winter olympics history .
the famous italian designer , amani , specially designed a garments for the opening ceremony , the famous italian fashion brand , mostkino , will give courtesy to the athletes ' attendance ceremony .
however , the famous italian boyfriend pavalotti will sing a song at the opening ceremony , and the organizing committee will leave this suspense in the end .
eight wooden athletes who can spray their flames will use their 3 m - long flame to show the flame of the burning passion , and they will use 70 km to pass through the stadium many times .
officials of the organizing committee held that this was the most promising creation in their opening ceremony performance .
on how to ignite the torch , the organizing committee did not reveal it ahead of schedule , but the main torch tower , which is 57 meters tall , will be lighted to residents in the alps and nearby alps .
white house announces bush 's visit to pakistan , india
washington , february 9 ( xinhua ) the us white house spokesman mcclellan said in a press conference on the 9th that although blasphemous blasphemy of islam 's precursor of mohammed has triggered strong protests in the islamic world , president bush will continue to follow the plan to visit pakistan and pakistan in march .
mcclellan said that bush is looking forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he also said that he is making arrangements for this visit .
mcclellan was the first us president to hold a demonstration in some parts of pakistan to protest the blasphemy of islam 's preaching of mohammed .
in january this year , when bush met with pakistani prime minister aziz at the white house , both sides indicated that they would strengthen friendly cooperation to jointly crack down on terrorism that endangered the security of the two countries .
bush also said that at the invitation of the pakistani and indian governments , he will pay a visit to pakistan and india in march .
hamas seeks new cabinet
ramallah , february 9 ( xinhua ) hamas has decided to form a cabinet to seek a breakthrough in the palestinian - israeli conflict
xinhua news agency reporter wang hao ,
the palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) won the election of the legislative council , how to draw up the blueprint of the new government has become the focus of attention in the world today .
what kind of new policy hamas will pursue will directly affect the next policy direction of all the parties concerned in the peace process .
at the same time , the boycott attitude of the united states and israel has added variables to the prospects of the hamas government .
at present , all sides in palestine are stepping up consultations to reach a consensus on the difficulties and sensitive points that involve future development of the situation .
who will the premier 's position bloom ?
after hamas obtained the power to form a cabinet , some people outside the world are worried that there might be differences between hamas and the current supreme leader abbas .
in addition , hamas leader marshall , who is currently visiting egypt , stressed that the new palestinian government , formed by hamas , will not recognize israel , and this hard - line signal has also aggravated the international concern .
the united states and israel have clearly indicated that they do not accept a hamas government with real power and thus threaten the continuation of economic aid to palestine and the transfer of taxes to palestine .
however , this does not obstruct hamas from making flexible strategic adjustments , and the election of an independent person is a policy of compromise .
it is reported that in order to obtain international recognition to the greatest extent , the leaders of hamas at home and abroad who gathered together recently decided to elect independent president of the board of directors of the chawallah islamic university at home and abroad , jayakari al-jahariri , who is also the president of the board of directors of the saudi islamic university , to serve as the new prime minister .
this measure has not yet been responded by the relevant parties .
palestinian analysts hossein said that no matter who the premier 's position will be blooming , the most crucial thing is that the prime minister should do his best to play down hamas 's tough hawk tones , and only in this way can he ensure the success of the formation of the cabinet .
how should power be allocated ( subhead )
within the party , the biggest challenge facing hamas in forming a cabinet is that it lacks sufficient experience in governance .
an article carried by the palestine newspaper " daily " analyzed that hamas has gathered together people through social welfare projects , but lacks experience in governance and is not in conformity with the palestinian national liberation movement ( fatah ) , which has governing experience .
hamas proposed establishing political relations with fatah after the election and jointly establishing a national coalition government , but fatah has not yet given a positive response to the issue .
at present , there are different opinions about whether to join the cabinet or not , and one faction advocates participating in the new government , and the other faction refuses to invite hamas to make a positive move in the legislative yuan .
according to informed sources , under abbas 's persuasive , fatah is gradually inclined to join the new government .
even so , hamas and fatah will also exchange views on the distribution of cabinet posts .
in addition , another way is to set up a legislative council framework to separate itself from a party - affiliated cabinet .
it was reported that hamas also designed a clean and expert - type government , but the specific list is unknown .
in view of the attitude of the united states and israel , the technical expert - type government is not at all a form of forming a cabinet to reduce external pressure .
according to the provisions of the basic law of palestine , after the new legislative council was inaugurated on 16 june , the work of nominating the prime minister and forming the cabinet will be completed within three to five weeks .
where is the armed ?
the weapons in hamas are another thorny issue facing the formation of a new government .
the united states and israel have adopted a very hard - line attitude , and resolutely demanded that hamas give up violence and refused to take part in politics .
hamas leader al-shasser stressed on 9 november that armed resistance is a strategic choice of the organization .
the armed forces are actually part of the legality of weapons and the management of the armed forces .
hamas was elected the first largest legislator of the legislative council through democratic and free means , and has made its subordinate armed factions like the zangzangzan brigades legalize their ways to bring them into the government 's security organs .
hamas once proposed that armed forces of all factions be unified into palestinian national authority , but it did not receive widespread response and was also attacked by the palestinian islamic jihad organization ( jehad ) .
palestine currently has more than 60,000 security personnel , and the overwhelming majority of them are from the fatah camp .
moreover , fatah also has some loose ties with armed factions , such as the al-aqsa martyrs brigades , the fattan eagles , etc.
hamas , who is in charge of forming a cabinet , must reach an agreement with abbas on how to manage the armed forces that are in charge of all their own affairs and rationally distribute security management powers .
according to local media reports , abbas intends to take charge of security and intelligence units , while the police and civil defense organizations are managed by the interior ministry of the new government .
however , all sides are still holding consultations on this sensitive issue , and so far there is no such thing as the following .
china releases first report on polar exploration
beijing , february 10 ( xinhua ) the china national oceanic administration ( soa ) recently issued a " 2005 china polar exploration report , " which is the first time china has conducted a scientific survey activity in the past 20 years and more .
the report comprehensively reflects the scientific research activities of china 's polar region in 2005 , and the scientific and technological research progress and the results of the country 's polar scientific research .
according to the " report , " the number of people who were killed in the accident in the antarctic was 2:15 ( beijing time ) on 9 january 2005 . the chinese investigation team of the inland icecap successfully climbed the highest iceberg region in the antarctic . at 3:15 hours on 18 january , the ice king 's peak was confirmed .
in the international polar stage where competition is becoming increasingly intense , the strong will and unfettering spirit of the chinese people are courageous in opening up new fields , and they are the first to conduct a research on the newest height of the antarctic ice cover and achieved success in one stroke , thus realizing another dream of mankind in the south .
sun zhihui , director of the state oceanic administration , said :
the " report " shows that on 24 march 2005 , the 21st antarctic expedition team of china successfully returned to shanghai . the 151 - day inspection tour lasted 26,500 nautical miles .
on 18 november the same year , china 's 22 nd antarctic expedition team left shanghai and went to the zhongshan station of the antarctic to conduct a scientific examination activity . it will leave the zhongshan station before the end of february 2006 and return to shanghai via australia .
since it was the first time china released an ultra - geographic investigation report , the " 2005 china polar survey report " also made a breakthrough in the development of china 's polar exploration cause , which started in the early 1980 's .
according to the " report , " in 1983 , china formally joined the " antarctic treaty " and became a member of the organization of the antarctic treaty . it has become a member of the council of directors of the antarctic research council of the antarctic countries , including the antarctic research council of antarctic countries , which has the most influential influence .
in 1997 , china became a member of the north pole science committee and won the right to speak and make decisions in international polar affairs .
the " report " points out that in the past 20 years , china 's polar expedition has grown from nothing to do , and has developed from a large scale to a ship like a ship in the south of the island to a scientific inspection system , that is , the " three - dimensional " long - range station in the antarctic built in february 1989 , the antarctic middle station in february 1989 , and the northern pole station in july 2004 , and the longest mountain station
according to the " report , " by the end of 2005 , china had organized 22 scientific expeditions in the antarctic region to conduct two scientific expeditions with a snowy ship as a platform for the north pole scientific inspection in 1995 , and to date , the number of vessels in the country has exceeded 3,000 .
at present , we are making preparations for the establishment of the third antarctic observation station and the first antarctic inland investigation station in china to conduct feasibility studies .
sun zhihui said :
after more than 20 years of hard work , china 's polar exploration cause has been a major part of the world 's polar exploration , but it is still far from the other major polar countries .
he said .
sun zhihui revealed that in the future , china will publish an annual polar inspection report .
chinese president meets cuban president , castro leaders beijing , march 10
havana , february 10 ( xinhua ) the president of the cuban council of state , castro , met with visiting chinese state councilor chen zhili on the 10th . both sides expressed their willingness to continuously strengthen cooperation in education , science and technology and other fields .
president castro warmly welcomed state councilor chen to visit cuba .
he said : cuba - china relations are very friendly , and there are frequent high - level visits , which have effectively promoted and strengthened the friendship and mutual understanding between the two sides . i hope that the two countries will continually deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in all fields , including education and science and technology .
chen said cuba is a big country with important influence in latin america and the caribbean region .
the friendly exchanges between the chinese and cuban peoples date back to ancient times .
cuba was the first latin american country to establish diplomatic relations with new china .
after entering the new century , with the concern and promotion of the leaders of the two countries , the political mutual trust between the two countries has become increasingly deepened , the spheres of cooperation have expanded , mutual support and cooperation in international affairs have entered a new period of all - round development of sino - cuban friendly relations .
she believed that with the joint efforts of both sides , the friendly cooperation between china and cuba will certainly produce more fruitful results .
chen zhili also pointed out that the chinese government has always attached importance to exchanges and cooperation with cuba in the field of education .
in recent years , educational exchanges between the two countries have become increasingly closer and exchanges of visits between personnel have been frequent .
china actively supports the international conference held by the cuban side and sent a delegation to attend the previous world higher education conference and the 2005 anti - illiteracy rally .
cuba 's basic education level is very high , and it is hoped that relevant experience and exchanges will be further strengthened in the future .
chen said that china and cuba have different advantages in scientific and technological research and development , and can cooperate in many fields to realize a mutually beneficial win - win situation .
the chinese side has assisted some scientific research equipment in cuba and hopes that it will play a positive role in cuba 's scientific research and production .
she also briefed castro on china 's strategy of developing the country through science and education and the national science and technology conference .
chen arrived here on february 9 at the invitation of the cuban government , and began his visit to cuba .
during this period , chen zhili met with cuban minister of education and science viktor vasincent and inspected the university of science of havana , the university of science of helithti , and st maria primary school .
explosion of some sections of the section of the section of the beijing - kazakhstan highway closed
harbin , february 11 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to open a new section of the highway to the outside world at about 2300 hours on february 10 , said an official with the state administration of customs .
according to the police of the traffic police unit of the shuangcheng city public security bureau , three traffic accidents occurred at the 58 km beijing - ha highway at around 23:00 on 10 july , a car collided with a car and a oil tank crashed into the side , and a oil tank truck crashed into the vehicle . the waste oil loaded inside was loaded onto the road .
it is learned that the oil tank , which is equipped with oil tankers , is equipped with discarded oil that is coke and burned .
the waste oil is very high and it is fearful that there is a danger of fire in the past vehicles , and the relevant departments have closed the road at the scene .
some roads from harbin to shuangcheng are closed , and many vehicles are bypassing .
at present , relevant departments are screening the scene and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
( hong kong , macao and taiwan ) the three branches of the huangpu military academy announced their flag , and italy 's yanan stock market
hong kong , february 11 ( xinhua ) the honourable albert wong po - po company , ltd. announced on the 11th that it will postpone its implementation of its 3 rd panitchen business plan for the project .
huo jianning , general manager of the shanghai group , said that although three of the supervisory bodies have obtained approval to go public , the recruitment procedure must be completed within the next few weeks , and time is too hasty .
at the same time , the current market condition of european telecommunications stocks is weak , and the market may not be able to provide a suitable market value for the listing at this moment .
in view of the greatest interest to shareholders , it is therefore decided to postpone the listing of shares .
as for the timing of the rerecruitment of shares , mr footman said that it would depend on the future situation of the european telecommunications market .
he held that from now to the time when there is a separate recruitment , the three - sided swarms need to launch extensive investor education activities to enable the global telecommunications investment market to understand more clearly the current strong performance and favorable prospects of italy .
according to media reports , one of the three global coordinators of investment banks , gao sheng , agreed to use 420 million euros to purchase the shares of 108 percent of the italian hitachi , which is expected to be sold in march this year .
china , myanmar enjoy sound economic and trade ties
yangon , february 12 ( xinhua ) chinese ambassador to myanmar kammi and economic and business counselor tang hai met with myanmar prime minister somsavat on the eve of his visit to china on the 14th , and said that there are rich contents of sino - burmese economic and trade relations , which are developing in a mutually beneficial way through diverse forms .
ambassador miki said : in recent years , the sino - burmese good - neighborly and friendly relations , built on the five principles of peaceful coexistence , have been consolidated and developed , and exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been expanding and deepening with each passing day , and the economic and trade relations between the two countries have been constantly expanding and strengthening .
counselor tang haijun said : the high - level visits between the two countries have been maintained , which have effectively promoted the development of bilateral economic and trade cooperation .
during the 2004 high - level mutual visits between the two countries , the two sides signed 33 agreements on economic and trade cooperation , most of which are being implemented and implemented .
he said : 2004 is $ 11.4 - billion , $ 12.09 - billion , of which $ 9.35 - billion were exports from china , $ 274 - billion were imports .
in the bilateral trade last year , china 's yunnan and myanmar trade ( including border trade ) reached $ 630 - million , an increase of 14.6 percent over the previous year .
tang said that myanmar has become the major market for chinese enterprises to carry out contract work , and the main projects undertaken by china in myanmar include the bridge of power stations and factories ( such as the cathedral 's cement factory , the paper mill , etc. ) .
chinese enterprises have started engineering business in myanmar , which has led to the export of all kinds of chinese mechanical and electrical products , and myanmar has become an important market for the export of complete sets of equipment and mechanical and electrical products .
according to statistics of the chinese customs , in the past five to six years , the export of mechanical and electrical products has accounted for about 455.5 percent of china 's total exports to burma .
counselor tang also said that burma has abundant resources and that china has already started investing in the development of resources such as burma 's peel and cnnickel mine , and that there is great potential for the development of sino - burmese economic and trade cooperation .
he hoped that chinese enterprises will have a long - term vision , learn to avoid risks , and make policy decisions in a cautious manner , and establish a good image of enterprises , and ensure that they can be completed on schedule in order to win glory for the country .
ambassador maimi and counselor tang hai - sup both held that the official visit to china by prime minister soe win is a major event in bilateral relations this year , and is of great significance to enhancing political mutual trust , promoting bilateral cooperation , and promoting the further development of sino - burmese good - neighborly and friendly relations .
it is expected that during the visit , the two sides will sign several documents on economic and trade cooperation .
world bank to reduce debt to poor countries
moscow , february 11 ( xinhua ) world bank president wolfowitz said in moscow on the 11th that the world bank would completely remove the debts of the poorest countries by the middle of this year .
wolfowitz held talks with the leaders of the g8 finance ministers in moscow on the same day .
in a statement issued after the meeting , he said that the world bank would implement the debt reduction and exemption program before 1 july this year , and that the world bank is now doing all technical work .
last year , the world bank donated countries completely eliminated debts owed by 28 countries and indicated that they would provide a new fund to the trust fund concerned .
the international monetary fund 's creditor 's rights are relatively small , and the imf has started to reduce or waive its debts since the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz 's decision to exempt the debts of 16 african countries was welcomed by russia .
high - definition digital television becomes mainstream in the united states
new york , february 12 ( xinhua ) the united states has set up a new high - resolution television network in the united states , which is expected to be the largest television market in the world , with its television broadcasters also stepping up their efforts to launch a corresponding high - resolution television program .
the us nick - off american rugby - type olive - type tournament has become the hot - duty competition for the american broadcasting industry to welcome the television high qing era .
according to a recent report in the financial times , the us congress recently passed a bill requiring that the american broadcasting industry must complete a broadcast of the current simulated television signal on 17 february 2009 , and only release digital signals .
this means that the comprehensive digitization of american television programs has already set a clear timetable .
on the one hand , the popularization of high - resolution digital television depends on consumers to buy television sets , while on the other hand , it depends on the production institutions to provide high - resolution digital programs .
although digital television has been mentioned repeatedly in the past few years , it has never become a reality .
this problem has turned for the better this year .
according to the forecast of the us consumer electronics association , the volume of digital television sets will exceed that of traditional television sets for the first time this year , and 85.5 percent of the digital television sets are high - resolution products .
japanese researchers develop new highly efficient manual - made kidneys
tokyo , february 13 ( xinhua ) a japanese east china sea university research institute developed a biosafil - making method which is not only in the same way as human kidney , but also in the same way it has the function of maintaining the functions of material elements and the size of the body is small and easy to transplant . with the study in depth , it is expected that the patients will be able to bring the voice of patients with kidney diseases .
according to a recent report by nihon keizai shimbun , the newly developed biological - made kidneys are mainly composed of two parts , and the part is filtrated from blood to filter some of the living buddha who made waste and waterfills and made of water in the blood . the other part is the reentry of the blood of the person who rereturned to blood with components of the raw water .
the people made the kidneys and the people made the torpedoes and made the wire of the middle - air , which were formed by the inner ring of the people , and the inner side of the body of the people 's wingtles , which has the function of discharging the functions of the substitute - waste .
this type of cells can make several blood transfusion analysis of diseases caused by multiple blood transfusion , and can make a long - lasting analysis of the causes of evolution of substances into mammonic acid and return to blood , and at the same time , they can also make sure that the foods and the materials of the body are reentered into blood .
in the past , the difference between the artificial kidney manufacturing and the use of leak pressure to filter the waste cannot be completely removed , and there is no need to reuse the components of ammonic acid and other components to return to the blood .
researchers used mountain goats to conduct a biological human kidney transplantation experiment , and the use of pig 's skin cells in the middle - air silk line of the human - made kidneys .
two weeks later , researchers confirmed that human kidney had already played its function .
at present , they are developing and using the biological kidneys of human kidney cells and will start clinical research after verifying their safety .
china 's electric power industry still faces severe challenges
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the state power supervision and management commission ( src ) said on the 13th that although the overall power production safety situation remained stable in 2005 , the power production safety is still facing a severe challenge .
shi yubo , vice chairman of the state power supervision commission , said at the fifth meeting of the national electric power safety commission held here that in 2005 , china 's electric power production safety was generally stable and the power industry was successfully completed in the tasks of dealing with the peak and summer of the year , and that the country had ensured safe power supply and the power supply was basically safe and stable in the course of the natural disaster , and the power supply accidents and the general electric power grid accidents
however , he pointed out that with the changes in the power supply and demand situation and the successive commissioning of large numbers of newly built and generating units , the power production safety will face new challenges .
these challenges include : regional energy consumption , consumption , and consumption of electricity , and the supply and demand situation in some areas remains on the side , as the mechanism for good prices of electricity and coal has not yet taken shape , there is still a relatively big problem in the supply of coal , and the problem of the decline in the quality of coal has not been effectively controlled , which will have a serious impact on the stable operation of power generating units , the structure of some power grids , the
shi yubo said : with the deepening of the reform of the power system , many deep - seated contradictions will be continuously exposed . how to maintain the stability of the contingent of workers and ensure normal production order will become a new problem facing us .
in view of the 2006 work of electricity safety , shi yubo said that it is necessary to further consolidate the basic work of managing electricity safety , speed up the establishment and improvement of a mechanism for emergency management of electric power safety , enhance the ability to deal with sudden incidents , strengthen the coordination and cooperation of power networks , jointly safeguard the safety of the power system , continue to do a good job in supervising and managing the construction of the dam , and ensure the safety of the power station , and strengthen
it is learned that in light of the new situation in the management of electric power safety , the power supervision commission will conduct a revision and improvement of the " provisional regulations on investigating electric power production accidents " promulgated this year . meanwhile , the safety and protection of the safety of the dam of the power stations and the second system of the power plants will be gradually implemented this year .
by 2005 , china 's total consumption of electricity in society reached 246.89 billion kilowatt hours , up 13.455 percent over the same period last year .
in the face of the situation of power supply and demand , the contradiction of coal , electricity , oil , and transportation being prominent , and other unfavorable factors , all power enterprises have earnestly adopted effective measures to strengthen the management of equipment . last year , there was no exceptionally big equipment accident in the whole country 's power production .
the number of accidents involving power grids has dropped by 127 , 427 , and 427 incidents involving equipment have been reported , and 132 cases of losses have been reduced compared to the same period last year .
south african envoy to china said that south africa does not exist in a criminal act against chinese citizens .
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) south african president 's embassy in china has decided to open a new china - south african free trade zone in the south african country , the ambassador said in an exclusive interview with xinhua reporters on the 13th , saying that south africa does not have a border organization to crack down on chinese citizens .
he also said that the south african government will do its best to crack down on all forms of criminal activities .
he said that the south african government hopes to reduce its crime rate to zero and hopes that every south african country working in south africa will have a safe life and property .
since 2006 , four chinese citizens have been killed and injured in south africa , and the chinese world has expressed extensive concern over this .
the chinese foreign ministry has made representations with the south african side on this issue and reminded chinese citizens residing in south africa to further enhance their awareness of security and prevention . overseas chinese compatriots should strengthen unity and friendship and cooperate with the police in cracking down on criminal activities .
we express our sincere sympathy and condolences to the families of the victims .
fu kangning said : we feel sorry for this and also ask the chinese people to believe that the south african government is seriously investigating every case involving china .
according to the chinese embassy in south africa , the south african police have successfully cracked a case in which chen jianqing , a chinese fujian woman , was killed in south africa on 5 february , and a suspect has been arrested .
at present , the police are hunting another suspect .
according to another report by the south african embassy in china , the criminals involved in the shooting of hong kong businessmen in january were arrested by the south african police and the money and property of the victims were recovered .
on the impact of the incident of killing of chinese citizens , shipang kangning said that these incidents would indeed have a positive impact on trade between the two countries and on exchanges in other fields .
according to the south african embassy tourism commissioner , ngen . s. k. s. k. s. , in the first 15 days of this year , the embassy issued a visa to more than 2,000 chinese people to visit south africa .
according to official statistics , south africa will continue to maintain its largest trade partner in africa by 2005 .
the volume of bilateral trade reached $ 7.27 billion , an increase of 23.0 percent over the same period last year .
however , people in the tourism industry believe that the successive incident of killing of chinese citizens in 2004 will have a significant impact on the number of chinese tourists traveling to south africa .
according to statistics of the south african tourism bureau , there were 20,331 chinese tourists going to south africa in the first half of 2005 , a decrease of 14.9 percent compared with the same period last year .
currently , there are about 200,000 chinese living in south africa , covering the rural areas in south africa .
analysts here believe that the gap between the rich and the poor in south africa is widening , the unemployment rate is high , and the guns are overflowing , and there is no death penalty deterrence , so the crime rate is still high .
since many chinese do not understand english , they have cash and money with their family , and they are more likely to become targets of criminal elements ' scheme for financial attacks .
hk promotes learning and training in english
hong kong , february 13 ( xinhua ) the hong kong special administrative region government launched a new scheme on the 13th , which aims to enhance the english standard of the workplace english among more serving persons .
this is a good learning and a healthy life - oriented project , which includes a series of promotional activities to promote the learning and training of english in the workplace and to enable employers to better understand the importance of helping employees to upgrade their english standards .
so far , the scheme has provided funding of nearly 25,000 people to complete the workplace english training courses , enabling them to reach the benchmark for the relevant workplace categories .
hong kong 's workplace english campaign is launched in 2000 .
an important project of the workplace english campaign is the funding scheme for workplace english training .
the scheme aims to help employees who need to use english in work to participate in training and participating in the designated international business english examinations to meet the needs of their respective workplace categories of work .
hebei 's aids testing and testing has implemented free of fear , voluntary secrecy
shijiazhuang , february 14 ( xinhua ) the hebei provincial health department recently formulated and issued a " circular on the work of providing voluntary consultation and testing for aids in hebei province " ( trial implementation ) , clearly setting out the free permanent protective screening for hiv infection , hoping that it can discover to the greatest extent the hiv - infected patients and patients , and further implement preventive measures and four measures for preventing intervention and removing aids .
the " plan " has clearly defined the principle of hebei province 's voluntary consultation and testing of aids : free access to aids and antibody testing and consultation , voluntary and voluntary agreement of aids and antibody testing and consultation , and the hiv and antibody testing and consultation and secrecy of aids and the relevant conduct of the consultation , and the legitimate rights and interests of aids patients and aids patients are protected and provided corresponding follow - up services .
the " plan " requires that aids consultation and testing points should be set up at places where the consulting parties are convenient . to protect the privacy of the consulting personnel , there should be a single room for consultation .
the choice of the consular personnel should be fully considered by the knowledge and exchange ability of individuals .
to protect the privacy of the consulting , the inspection leaflet can be registered with the code or number .
the " plan " also demands that health administration departments at and above the county level make public the status of their areas ' medical and health institutions that undertake free and free aids screening services and make them understand the relevant information .
the ministry of public security still focused on extorting confessions by torture and extorting inspectors .
beijing , february 14 ( xinhua ) the chief of the public security bureau 's police investigation bureau , zheng baigang , answered a question raised by foreign reporters at a news conference held by the ministry of public security , saying that the so - called " nepali " used not too appropriate means to allow criminal suspects to penghus in china is not allowed .
the focus of the work of the inspectors department is to prevent the occurrence of these problems .
he also pointed out that some international organizations do not fully understand the law enforcement situation of the chinese police .
the latest information provided by the ministry of public security on 14 june shows that the ministry of public security has successively issued " regulations on putting on record the public security organs ' measures for putting in place records " in 2004 , which are applicable to continuing interrogations by public security organs , and this has ensured that the public security organs at the grass - roots level may apply the procedures for interrogation in accordance with the law .
since 1997 , the government has made a series of major policy decisions to deepen the three major rectification measures ( i.e. , the control of the abuse of compulsory measures by torture of guns and police officers ) , and the police inspectors of public security organs across the country have persisted in going deep into the police stations , the police forces of the police forces , the traffic police forces , the police forces of the border defense forces , and other grass - roots law enforcement units to inspect the law enforcement links that
to prevent the occurrence of law enforcement at source , the police inspector 's department has further extended the shock of law enforcement inspectors , and has stepped up the application of pager - 110 - induced inquibbles in the source of the case of the case of the case of the case of the legal persons who have handled the cases of drug - related crimes and cases of robbing and looting motor vehicle information .
sun yun - hsuan dies in taipei
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the taiwan authorities have been working hard to improve their relations with the mainland , and have been working hard to improve their relations with taiwan , according to a report from taipei on the morning of the 15 th .
sun yun - hsuan was born in 1913 , a native of penglai , shandong , and a graduate of the electrical department of harbin university of industry .
he is a member of the 10 th and 13 th central committees of the kmt , a member of the standing committee of the 12 th cpc central committee , and a member of the presidium of the 14th central committee of the evaluation commission , and a member of the 15 th central committee of the kmt .
chen shui - bian , who was a minister of transportation and communications of the taiwan authorities , was appointed minister of economics , a minister of administration , and others .
heilongjiang to promote the evaluation of the impact of the songhua river 's water pollution environment and countermeasures
harbin , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to cut the water level of the songhua river and to open the river to ensure the continued monitoring and control of pollution and pollution , in order to ensure the smooth songhua river water - wiping period and the ice - melting process .
the reporter learned from the heilongjiang provincial environmental protection bureau that the songhua river major pollution incident , which was organized by the state administration of environmental protection , and the project to evaluate the ecological environment impact assessment and countermeasures , had been decided on 15 special topics , which are divided into emergency environmental assessment and countermeasures evaluation and ecological protection assessment and the monitoring project of human health pollution control project in five aspects , and the specific time is set for completion in three stages .
at present , 10 scientific research institutes in heilongjiang province have undertaken 14 research tasks , with a total of over 60 personnel engaged in technical research .
according to the introduction , the environmental protection departments and relevant scientific research institutions will conduct a study on five special topics , namely , evaluation of the emergency environment and countermeasures for emergencies , and strive to solve environmental problems that the masses are eager to be concerned about .
the main measures include controlling the concentration of diagnosed pollutants and the number of outbound pollutants predicting the safety of drinking water products in the songhua river , assessing the safety of the scattered water on both sides of the river and the impact of underground water supply on assessing the emergency water supply in cities in the process of the songhua river frozen and digitized process .
the heilongjiang provincial environmental protection department will also intensify environmental monitoring along the songhua river and seriously investigate and deal with serious pollution caused by illegal pollution of pollution caused by pollution of pollution by illegal construction .
heilongjiang will send environmental law enforcement personnel to supervise and urge localities to launch comprehensive improvement of the environment of small river basins and improve the environment of the heung river in the country 's doha , such as the yantou river , to improve the environmental management system for the feilan river and other supporting rivers .
beijing university 's memorial hall to wang xuan
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a " beijing university " in commemoration of the centennial of the century , after a few days of intense arrangements , and by 9 am on the 15th , several hundred people had come to express their condolences .
at 08:00 am , the opening hours of the hall were not yet available , and dozens of people outside the hall had already lined up to the front .
the reporters saw at the memorial hall of the grand hall of the centennial of beijing university that a red horizontal scroll was hanging on the wall of the hall : wangling deep deep - rooted grievances to mourn wang xaixuan .
the lower side of the horizon is a huge portrait of wang xuan , with a glass and a laughter on his face .
the two sides of the statue are a few dragon - pyramid trees , and dozens of wreaths are divided into two sides .
one of the three versions of the wreaths was written : qin sheng 's foundation was built in tang 's brilliant chinese , and he was greeted with lead and greeted with the telegraph of the times .
the mood was low and the atmosphere was heavy .
among the people who mourned the memorial were leaders and teachers and students of beijing university , and friends of wang xuan 's fellow students , as well as many people who had not seen him , who had specially rushed to the cemetery .
some of them carried flowers in their hands , some carried flowers and some carried flowers in their hands , and all of them were wearing small white flowers in their chest , and they walked slowly to the front of the statue of wang xaixuan 's and bowed their ambitions and sorrow .
many people could not help but shed tears .
zhang wenbin , who was once director of the state cultural administration , was an old alumnus of beijing university . he told reporters that he was working in henan province more than 10 years ago and had asked professor wang xuan to give a report on scientific and technological innovations to the provincial party committee cadres .
the master wang xaixun is a man who is born in a mountain to cure a person , and is a model for us to learn . he has made great contributions to the country and society . the people will never forget him .
professor jin ruilin of the beijing university law school and professor wang xuan , old friend of wang xuan , who have been an old friend for more than 40 years .
he was just discharged a few days ago and today he insisted on visiting old friends to say goodbye to him .
in his message , mr. kim said that he could not suppress his grief and repeatedly wrapped up his tears to win the battle .
he told reporters that professor wang xuan 's life was very frugal , and he was already a professor at tong fu garden and had already had a very high achievement .
later , he moved to chengzyuan and found a baby of more than 70 square meters in a place .
peking university gave him a 140 - square - meter - high house of academician at the blue flag camp , and the high - level housing provided by fangzheng building , he did not want to see a living in the fangqi house .
mr. kim recalled with deep feelings that during his overseas visit , wang xuan provided a very high treatment for him , but he was determined to avoid the visit .
at the beginning , he insisted that he would not apply for an academician , and that he was only able to fill up the fame after several rounds of mobilization by mr. zhou peiyuan .
mr. jean chin has deep feelings , and wang xuan has also taken an attitude of training young people . he has emphasized many times that he is looking at what achievements i have made now , not just looking at himself , but rather relying on nurturing young people to make a living .
mr. jin said : when he was 50 years old , wang chaixuan began to pay attention to cultivating young people . he has always emphasized that he wants to pave the way and that he must be willing to serve as a ladder for young people to give way to them .
it is a very successful scientist , very difficult to predict .
the reporter learned from the beijing university information center that from 09:00 a. m . on 15 february to 12:00 noon on 19 february , wang xitang , academician of wang xaixuan , was open to the public at 09:00 a. m . a day to offer condolences to people of all circles .
the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] , which is known as the contemporary china , academician of the chinese academy of sciences , professor wang xuan , a professor at the third world science academy academician , who is a professor at the chinese academy of sciences , died of illness at 11:30 on february 13 due to illness .
npc , chilean parliament exchange mechanism established
wu bangguo attended the signing ceremony and signed the agreement .
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) wu bangguo , chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) , attended a meeting of the china national people 's congress ( npc ) and the chilean parliament on the afternoon of the 15 th , which was held at the great hall of the people , and signed the agreement in the text of the agreement .
the exchange mechanism between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament was officially established .
it is reported that chilean senate president romanian and chamber of deputies speaker arsenic have recently held a signing ceremony for the agreement in santiago , the capital of chile .
according to the agreement , the two sides will establish a sino - chilean parliamentary political dialogue relationship in accordance with the principles laid down in the communique on the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and chile , and the two sides will establish a dialogue committee , rotating the two sides to hold meetings at an irregular time between the two countries to jointly promote the comprehensive development of bilateral relations .
chilean ambassador to china kalyray attended the signing ceremony .
china to introduce regulations on protection of information network dissemination rights
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) many websites are now relying on a large number of newspapers and magazines to reprint their reports , including newspapers and magazines , but many of them have not been authorized and have not paid any fees .
wang ziqiang said : according to the current law , the work already published in newspapers and periodicals can be used as long as the writer does not act as a sponsor or not to use the works without the approval of the author . at the same time , the state copyright bureau has formulated a special standard for newspaper and periodical payment in accordance with the law .
however , according to the current law , the newspaper and periodical publishing houses enjoy such legal permission , and at present the internet does not enjoy such legal permission .
according to relevant judicial explanations of the supreme people 's court , the method of using the use of the reprinted legal license can be applied to the internet , that is , the small article published on the internet , and the writer does not have a short article to make a statement that can be used without permission , and the internet must pay compensation at the same time .
however , as the judicial interpretation does not require any stipulation , the use of these works on the internet has not been paid .
regarding the use of these short - sized works by the internet is applicable to legal permission , and it is also necessary to determine the types of works from the legal level .
wang ziqiang said : whether or not a goose is included in the scope of legal decision or not , and when the regulations on protecting the right of dissemination of information networks are promulgated this year , the regulations on protecting the right of dissemination of information networks will be confirmed .
russian military says georgian parliament resolution not to affect russian peacekeeping operations
moscow , february 15 ( xinhua ) russian defense ministry officials sheddov told the media on the 15th that the georgian parliament had a vote on the russian peacekeeping force in the near future , and that the resolution would not affect the russian military 's peacekeeping operations , and the russian military would continue to fight in the southern serbia conflict area .
the russian state duma ( lower house of parliament ) committee chairman kokoshin made a statement on the georgian parliament 's resolution on the russian peacekeeping force on the same day , saying that this resolution would undermine the stability of the situation in the region and exert an unfavorable impact on russian - georgian relations .
he stressed that the georgian parliament resolution has again made the relations between russia and georgia move toward a deterioration direction .
he said : the georgian side 's accusations against the russian side are absurd .
the georgian parliament passed a resolution on the same day , requesting that russian peacekeeping forces stop their peacekeeping operations in the south ossetia , but there is no specific deadline for the withdrawal of russian peacekeeping forces .
the georgian parliament accused russian peacekeeping personnel of failing to fulfill their obligations stipulated and regarded russia 's actions in the conflict area as a means to swallow georgia .
the georgian parliament called on the government to take positive action and consider entering the international peacekeeping force in the conflict area of the south ossetia to replace russia 's peacekeeping operations in the region .
the georgian parliament also instructed the government to revise relevant agreements on the stationing of russian peacekeeping personnel in the conflict area .
the south ossetia is an autonomous state of georgia , and is bounded by the north ossetia republic of russia .
after the disintegration of the former soviet union , it declared independence on its own and was in a state of confrontation with the central government for a long time .
at present , russia is stationed in the region a peacekeeping battalion of 500 people .
the force was formed in accordance with the military strategy of the northern expedition of russia 's northern border , the northern expedition of the country of kosovo , the southern frontier of the country in 1992 .
four persons in charge of the fire in liaoyuan hospital will be charged with the crime of being suspected of being involved in a major responsibility incident .
changchun , february 16 ( xinhua ) the liaoyuan city hospital in jilin province has been in a state of emergency for 11 people who were in charge of the fire , including the head of the hospital 's electric work squad zhang diankun and four others will be sentenced to death for suspected major responsibility accidents .
on 15 december 2005 , the largest hospital in liaoyuan city , has a fire , and finally , 39 people were killed .
in this fire , more than 5,000 square meters of fire were covered .
it is learned that this is the first major incident in the national medical and health system since the founding of new china .
according to investigations , at about 1630 on the day of the incident , the liaoyuan city central hospital suddenly stopped the power supply . according to the design of the hospital 's circuit , if the power station is suspended , the electric power gate will automatically jump to the sub - section and continue to maintain the normal power supply of the hospital , the electric gate at that time was not automatically diving , and the electric work squad leader zhang kun was forced to send out the electric
the underground cable line , which was run by smoke , was used to cover more than 10 electric cables , and the electric cable should be very complete .
therefore , the 57 - year - old zhao qizheng , head of the electrical gas team of liaoyuan city textile company , was installed with a retired cadre ( senior engineer ) of the bureau of electrical industry , sun fenglin , retired worker of the workers of the huoyuan city center hospital , and was also indicted for being suspected of having involved in a major responsibility incident .
the first tour of guizhou village tourism tour in china
guiyang , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a special emergency rescue center in tianlong village , tianlong town , pingba county , guizhou province , on the morning of the 16th .
at 10:30 am , after the end of the five - year - old gu year - old , zheng peqin , a 80 - year - old old man in the long - shirt , sang the first - ever kick of the guizhou tour of china 's rural tourism .
tin lung hang village is a typical representative of guizhou 's rural tourism development and a national rural tourism demonstration point .
as a rear member of the maiden army of the ming dynasty , the chinese people have been living in the mountains for more than 600 years .
here , it is evident everywhere that the blue bandits are covered with big bones , ancient han culture and costume in the village of tuen mun .
it is learned that the tianlong village has relied on this cultural and traditional advantage to develop rural cultural tourism from 2002 , and in 2005 alone , the income of only tickets reached 3.8 - million yuan , and that of more than 47.0 percent of the rural households in the entire village have taken part in tourism through eating , drinking , and transportation , and so on , from more than 1,300 - million yuan in 2002 to 26.4 - billion yuan in 2005 .
yang shengming , director of the guizhou provincial tourism bureau , said : following the first tour of tiantong 's tuen mun , new rural tourism development project centering around the new rural areas has become the main theme of the new wave . guizhou 's various rural tourism activities will reach 35 this year .
so far , more than 130 villages in guizhou have launched various rural tourism projects . by 2005 , more than 600,000 households in the province have extricated themselves from poverty through development .
the price of housing in 70 cities across the country rose 5.55 percent in january , and housing prices in shanghai continued to fall
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the country 's 70 large and medium - sized cities saw a rise of 5.5 percent in the first half of this year , a rise of 0.7 percentage points lower than the previous month , according to the central bank .
shanghai 's housing prices continued to fall .
the state statistics bureau released data on the 16 th , indicating that of the 70 large and medium - sized cities , the prices of housing sales in most of the 70 large and medium - sized cities increased slightly in january , with a rise of over 10-10 percent in hulun buhhot , and dalian , while the prices of housing in shanghai continued to fall slightly , down 0.4 percent year on year .
statistics from the same track show that in the first quarter of last year , the sales prices of housing in shanghai also rose by 19.1 percent over the same period last year . subsequently , a change occurred . in the second half of last year , a slight decline was seen in the same period last year .
in january this year , the prices of newly built houses in 70 large and medium - sized cities increased 6.9 percent over the same period of last year , and the rate of increase fell 0.2 percentage points from the previous month .
new residential housing in the country increased by 18.9999.4 percent in the first half of this year , while new houses were up by 18.9999.1 percent in chengdu , 28.4 percent in beijing , and 3.1 percent in shanghai compared with the same period last year .
the organization department of the cpc central committee has called for further strengthening supervision over the selection and appointment of leading cadres and cadres .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the central organization department recently printed and distributed opinions on strengthening the supervision of cadres .
the " opinions " called on organization departments at all levels to proceed from strict management and care for cadres , and see to it that the supervision of cadres runs through every link in the routine management of cadres through the training of cadres , and that the supervision of cadres should be established and improved in a timely manner , and that supervision and management of leading cadres and cadres should be strengthened .
the opinions pointed out : the main task of organizational departments in supervising cadres is to supervise leading bodies and leading cadres , and the focus is to strengthen supervision over the principal responsible persons of leading bodies ; second , supervision over the selection and appointment of leading cadres of party and government organizations ;
in supervising leading bodies and leading cadres , the opinions put forward that it is necessary to persistently and satisfactorily carry out education on ideals and convictions and on the education on combating corruption and promoting clean government , and to carry out education in the cultivation , selection , management , and supervision of cadres to strengthen party spirit , and to persist in serving the people and in building the party in governing for the people and in building up the ideological and moral line of defense against corruption and degeneration .
when making speeches on newly promoted cadres , it is necessary to set clear demands on honesty and self - discipline .
it is necessary to urge leading bodies at all levels to uphold democratic centralism , establish and perfect rules and procedures for making decisions , and seriously implement systems that combine collective leadership with individual responsibility .
it is necessary to give prominence to supervision over the principal responsible persons of leading bodies , and responsible persons of the organization ( personnel affairs ) departments should often talk with the principal responsible persons of the leading bodies at the next level to understand their ideological work style and other conditions .
establish and perfect the system of day - to - day management and supervision of leading cadres , regularly understand and analyze the ideological and work style of leading cadres , and propose opinions and measures for resolving problems .
leading cadres should be admonished and circulated to the masses , and cadres should be held admonitory talks or letter to the masses in a timely manner when problems are found .
the outstanding problems of leading cadres reported by the masses should be seriously investigated and understood , and criticism should be made against and educated by different cases or corresponding organizations . those who violate discipline and law should be handed over to law enforcement organs , and those who have not yet had problems should be properly clarified .
at the same time , it is necessary to combine strengthening supervision with encouraging cadres to boldly explore new ways and blaze new trails , and pay attention to commending outstanding cadres .
the " opinions " called on organization ( personnel affairs ) departments at all levels to conscientiously strengthen supervision over the selection and appointment of leading cadres in the party and government organizations .
further improve the system of recommending , nominating , examining , and examining cadres , and strictly supervise the selection and employment of cadres , so as to make a good job of political work and work in a good way that is good and bad for the masses of people in a healthy manner .
we should step up the inspection of the implementation of the regulations on cadre appointment , seriously investigate and deal with acts that violate the regulations on cadre appointment , and resolutely check unhealthy practices and corrupt phenomena in the use of cadres .
we should implement a system of setting up supervision and inspection for serious violations of regulations in the use of human resources , and intensify the supervision and investigation of such problems .
establish and perfect a system for investigating and affixing responsibility for the work of selecting and appointing cadres , and scientifically define the responsibilities of principal responsible persons in every link of the work of selecting and appointing cadres in accordance with the principle of having the same rights and responsibilities , clearly define the methods for investigating and affixing the responsibility of the leading body in every aspect of the work of selecting and appointing cadres , and intensify the investigation of the case .
we should give full play to the role of mass supervision and establish a sound mechanism for reporting cases that are conducive to the safety of the masses .
the role of supervision by public opinion should be brought into play , the news media should report the situation of selecting and appointing cadres in a timely manner , and should accept supervision by public opinion .
the opinions pointed out that it is necessary to further improve the mechanism for coordinating and coordinating the work of supervising cadres .
organization ( personnel affairs ) departments should strengthen coordination with discipline inspection organs and establish a working mechanism with discipline inspection organs in the areas of work related to the work of improving the party 's work style and building a clean and honest government among the cadres concerned , so as to enhance the joint supervision force .
in conjunction with discipline inspection organs , they should conscientiously do a good job in inspection work , improve inspection methods , perfect inspection systems , and improve the quality of inspection .
in conjunction with auditing organs , the auditing organs have conscientiously implemented the auditing system for leading cadres ' economic responsibility .
improve internal supervision mechanisms for the work of selecting and appointing cadres in organizational departments .
taiwan authorities use illegal investment on mainland as a heavy penalty for heavy punishment
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the taiwan authorities ' economic affairs departments decided to punish taiwan 's chiangjing shuanggu mountain , one of the two - thirds of the lianhua electronics shareholding company limited ( cnooc ) , a new taiwan dollar , which was a non - compliant logic of supporting taiwan 's hengkek company and the science and technology company to participate in the mainland .
taiwan 's chung - kuo shih - pao reported that this was chen shui - bian 's effective opening up of cross - strait economic and trade policies , and the taiwan authorities punished taiwan businessmen for investing in the mainland .
it is reported that the people in the taiwan economic ministry who were in trial claimed that the united microelectronics company was fined because it violated the regulations governing cross - strait relations and pennsylvania for investment or technical cooperation in the mainland region .
in the future , the trial will also be a case of the case of former chairman cao xingcheng of the united microelectronics company .
the tuibao case began in february 2005 , when the taiwan prosecutors and prosecutors at that time mobilized more than 100 people to conduct investigations on the houses and offices of several top - level personnel of the united microelectronics company , saying that the united microelectronics company was suspected of providing funds and human resources with unlawful funds in the mainland for investment and in the mainland .
cao xingcheng , then chairman of the board of directors of the united microelectronics group , said in public that the united microelectronics company did not violate any regulations of the taiwan authorities , and that the united microelectronics company provided assistance to the united microelectronics company in the long run is in the interest of the united microelectronics company . if the united microelectronics company does not enter the mainland market as soon as possible , it will lose business opportunities .
after that , the taiwan authorities ' financial supervision and management committee violated the regulations on disclosure of commercial information and imposed a fine of nt $ 3 - million on the united telecommunications network .
on 9 january 2006 , the unicom board accepted cao xingcheng 's resignation . in several hours , cao xingcheng was arrested for violating regulations in investing in the mainland .
the united microelectronics company and taiwan 's rc ( called taiwan 's crystal wave ) , which is called taiwan 's chijing mountain bio - intet , is a leading taiwan high - tech enterprise .
in the past year , the taiwan authorities have made a series of moves to investigate and handle the case of the united microelectronics company , which has attracted a high degree of attention from all circles on the island .
hong kong , macao , taiwan , taiwan , macao , taiwan , china to compete in the second sino - macao grand cultural event
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the second ancient chinese communist party ( cpc ) won the first prize for the chinese people 's liberation army ( pla ) , the second chinese tournament in china 's heart , the second largest ever in the world , announced here on the 17 th .
the competition was jointly sponsored by the macao foundation and the hundred flowers cultural publishing house , the " foreign edition of the chinese essay " , and chen jianqian , vice chairman of the chinese writers association , etc.
on the fifth anniversary of macao 's return to the motherland in 2004 , the first chinese language contest in our hearts was held , and chinese and foreign literature enthusiasts responded enthusiastically , and the organizing committee received more than 8,000 works , over 10 chinese and foreign winners , and invited them to the macao special administrative region to receive awards .
on 17 july , wu zhiliang , executive member of the macao foundation , said at a news conference that last year , the binding mountain in the history zone of macao was listed as a world cultural heritage . this not only signifies that the lifestyle and community management model of macao people have been affirmed for a long time , but also means that the chinese nation 's traditional culture is passed on and developed in the macao special administrative region on 17 july . to this end , the macao
wu zhiliang said : it is precisely in this kind of good cultural atmosphere that the macao foundation and the hundred flowers cultural and art publishing house decided to cooperate again and hold the second edition of the macao opera in my heart of the second edition of the " chinese language contest " , hoping that the participants will show their love for the country and macao and display their unique humanities and sentiments of macao and the peaceful and prosperous situation of the special administrative region and the new image of prosperity and prosperity of
according to the briefing , the " selected works of the foreign edition of the chinese language " will open a special column to select and participate in the competition on 1 september this year .
the results of the selection will be announced in early 2007 at a ceremony marking the award - winning projects in the macao special administrative region .
shandong province successfully implements a heart transplant operation for baby
jinan , february 17 ( xinhua ) the jinan military region has a history of blood - and - blood disease research institute recently successfully implemented a new operation of baby heart transplantation .
the reporter saw in the intensive care room on 17 july that the babies who had worked for 51 days were fully red and had all kinds of monitoring and inspection indices normal and smooth operation periods . they were in full swing with medical personnel to provide him with medical care .
according to the medical doctor who had been diagnosed on the same day , the patient was sent to the hospital by his parents in taian , shandong . the whole body was green and was in short breathing difficulties . after examination , he was diagnosed to be suffering from anonymous heart disease and had to be cardiovasculated in the heart .
heart transplant surgery is the most difficult heart risk in heart surgery .
in particular , the cardiovascular surgery of a baby under 1 is still empty in china .
the jinan military region 's cardiovascular disease research institute organized experts to repeatedly verify and carefully design the operation and the technical post - control plan , and made independent innovations in keeping with the method of blood vessels and conducted an animal experiment .
at 08:00 on 28 december 2005 , the operation began .
the cardiac comes from a person who died in cardiovascular breathing suddenly because of his precarious lung .
the operation must coexist with six blood vessels , seamlessly and more than 510 needles , and each needle is less than 3 millimetres .
the operation was successfully completed after 295 minutes .
the state administration of safety supervision : the key to preventing the occurrence of extraordinarily serious accidents such as coal mines
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) four major accidents occurred one after another , with one miner and more than 100 people killed in the past year , according to the report .
the reporter learned from the state administration of production safety on 17 july that to effectively curb the occurrence of extraordinarily serious accidents , such as coal mines , coal mines are the most important tasks .
this year , the state administration of coal mine safety and supervision will pay close attention to the following three things :
the battle of woods is continuing .
the gas treatment will be done first and then in a prominent position this year .
if the gas mine does not first take a foot in a mine , then it must order it to stop production immediately according to law .
prc : qiushi article on restructuring of enterprises , enterprises to fight corruption beijing ,
the 523 items that have already been publicly announced to the public , and the more than 700 coal mines that have been reported recently in various places , are closed to the public .
it is necessary to make closing down as a regular work and constantly close down those coal mines that do not have safety conditions .
zenghe coal mine safety management is strengthened .
we should immediately correct the situation of stopping a small number of small mines that are in charge of large state - owned mines and that are in a chaotic state - owned mine management and establish a standardized safety management system .
in particular , we should pay attention to key state - owned coal mines and absolutely not allow overstepping the production of overstepping the production of overstepping the production of overstepping the production of those who are capable of overstepping the intensity of production .
the production safety control indices for this year demand that the number of deaths of various kinds of accidents nationwide dropped by 35.0 percent over last year , of which coal mines dropped by 3.55 percent .
the accident of a major accident involving more than 10 people killed in one incident should be reduced by 55.0 percent , of which coal mine was down by 7.7 percent .
these control indexes have been assigned to the people 's governments at all levels , and all localities are implementing them at the grassroots and enterprises at various levels .
statistics show that in 2005 , 5986 coal mine accidents were killed , a decrease of 0.7 percent compared to the same period last year .
however , the occurrence of a major accident involving more than 10 people killed in the first explosion has raised the number of victims , 66.6 percent more than the same period last year .
barroso calls for more active efforts to make compromise in kosovo talks
belgrade , february 17 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to open its door to the eu in the next five years , according to a report from the federal republic of yugoslavia ( eu ) here tuesday .
barroso met with cote d'ivoire , president of the provisional authority of cote d ' ivoire , and other representatives of the serbian ethnic group in kosovo , and told the media that all sides in kosovo should adopt a tolerant attitude and establish a democratic and multi - ethnic integrated kosovo , and only kosovo , which respects the government 's political power and protects the rights and interests of ethnic minorities , can be recognized by the international community .
he also stressed that the eu commission will do its best to help kosovo 's development .
barroso also expressed his appreciation for kosovo 's progress in implementing the eight criteria set by the united nations for the implementation of the kosovo standard .
he said that the implementation of these standards is a key factor that affects kosovo and europe 's integration .
he also called on all serbian people in kosovo to join the various institutions in kosovo in an effort to achieve democracy and the integration of a multi - ethnic group .
barroso arrived in pristina on the same day for a one - day visit .
before this , barroso had visited croatia and serbia and montenegro and will also visit macedonia and bosnia - herzegovina .
( winter olympics , stimulant ) news analysis : there is a possibility that the election of a bandit will be unsettled .
xinhua news agency , duling , february 17 ( xinhua ) the election of the ruling parties in the country may be unsettled , according to a news analysis
xinhua news agency reporter , yu ying , ding ying
although italy has repeatedly issued an order , it is still uncertain that the use of stimulant athletes during the winter olympics in turin may be facing the flood of helpers , but judging from all the circumstances , this kind of situation is not very likely to occur in the first starting point of this winter olympics .
the turin winter olympics opened on the 16th the first stimulant scandal since its opening on the 16th . ormitory was found to have used banned drug cards .
the international olympic committee announced the next day that it had sent leowa out of the winter olympic games , and she won the winter second women 's 15 - kilometer silver medal in the women 's 15 - kilometer individual competition at this winter olympic games .
the international winter medal alliance made a decision on the same day to send the banova ban match for two years .
the ioc has all along stipulated that athletes have been found to be using stimulants at the olympic games and will be removed from their performance and deprived of the right to participate in the games , but they are not subject to legal sanctions .
however , according to italian law , athletes who carry and use stimulants are criminal acts and the judicial organs have the right to directly arrest and investigate and use stimulant athletes to test the law and face three challenges .
in december last year , the international olympic committee and the italian government , after a year of long - standing swarms , finally reached an agreement , and both sides agreed to conduct a joint exercise for athletes to use stimulant in accordance with the italian law during this winter olympics .
with the unremitting efforts of the international olympic committee , italy made a concession four days before the winter olympic games opening and promised that police would not enter the olympic village to search for the athletes ' residence during the winter olympics . however , the young athletes who are positive in the drug examination will still be investigated by the italian procuratorial organs .
it is reported that the italian government supervises the dutch winter olympics officials , pesandtte , has already sent the doping incident to the dutch procuratorial organ .
however , the international olympic committee and pesandon himself have not confirmed this .
russian winter diagnosis medical officer andrew mirtov revealed at noon on 17 july that the two teams had sent their leavers to the country and returned to china .
he has worked in the world anti - doping agency for many years , and chinese sports official shi kangcheng said that once a leava is sent back to the country , this matter may ultimately be unsettled .
shi said that the ioc and the italian government have been working hard to deal with the issue of anti - doping in the winter olympics , and even if the italian procuratorial organs really intervene in the matter , it is hard to say that the result is very , he said .
according to the previous practice of the italian athletes using stimulant incidents , the banned persons are the most severely punished .
therefore , senior italian lufthansa journalist pierre said that the possibility of sending leava to prison is very small , and the most of the top is a fine .
pierre also said that although the italian court could hold a trial of absence , the italian police could not possibly send them back to their country to serve their prison term .
if a leaver refuses to accept the verdict , italy will not have any way to take it .
news from a comprehensive report : the new epidemic point continues to emerge in the world
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the bird flu has further spread on the african continent , according to a xinhua news agency report .
the world health organization confirmed on the 17 th that bird flu has been confirmed in three areas in egypt that bird flu has been infected with the virus .
in europe , france also discovered for the first time five types of bird flu viruses , and africa is highly vigilant and has strengthened epidemic prevention measures .
hassan bush , who 's east mediterranean regional adviser , told the press in egypt on the 17 th that currently there are more than 20 countries in cairo , central egypt , and the three regions in the southern region of minya , where bird flu virus is 51st , and relevant departments of the egyptian government have started slaughtering of poultry infected with bird flu .
experts pointed out that egypt is the important channel for migration of migratory birds from the middle east and north africa , and it is very likely that migratory birds will be brought into the country by migratory birds .
egypt has already announced that it has banned the import of live poultry from foreign countries and has strengthened the quarantine work at border ports .
a kabul of chicken farms in the capital of yaounde has been in the past week , killing more than 800 chickens .
cameroon has decided to suspend all poultry imports from nigeria , which has been infected with the bird flu epidemic , and suspend all import of poultry and poultry products from all markets along the border between the two countries .
the cameroon government has also set up a monitoring network covering the whole territory within a short period of time , and the basde center and the national veterinary laboratory are also in an emergency state of emergency awaiting orders so that they can launch tests on the 521 virus at any time .
on the 17th , the two countries in europe , denmark and sweden initially ruled out the epidemic .
the swedish veterinary institute released a preliminary findings on the dead swans found on wednesday , indicating that sweden 's swans did not have any bird flu virus .
preliminary results of the danish national veterinary administration also showed that 30 dead dead swans were not infected with the avian flu virus recently .
however , the agricultural department said denmark should not take this lightly .
since the beginning of this year , nine bird flu - affected areas have been identified in eastern europe . experts from the world health organization said in bucharest on the 17th that almost all areas of the danube delta region have had bird flu . it is necessary to take this seriously . romania may be constantly threatened by bird flu in the next three or five years .
the government has taken all necessary measures to prevent avian influenza in bangladesh , asia .
the government 's domestic and foreign services bureau has provided relevant officials with books on bird flu prevention and has also organized poultry keeping personnel to train .
( newspaper clippings ) china 's first blood information management system completed in zhejiang
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) china 's first blood information management and control network system ( bsp ) , which was established and put into use in the center recently , has been officially completed and put into use .
a responsible person of the zhejiang provincial blood center said that this means that any citizen will be allowed to take up blood - supply organs in any county ( autonomous region ) in zhejiang province in the future to participate in the free donation of blood . there will be a unique and unparalleled code record . when he again comes out , he will be able to live in the blood of his family 's blood in the blood of blood of his blood in the blood of his blood in the blood of blood
the responsible person further explained that if the relevant code - named records are added to the system , the insolvent will not be able to pay for the intrusion of the blood , and the system will not be able to show the blood - giving conditions .
this will not only protect the health of the blood donors themselves but also effectively protect the health and safety of the blood - use workers .
in addition , when blood supplies are tense , the blood donors and their relatives have the right to give priority to blood , so long as you are able to import the valid documents of the blood - giving , you can immediately show the information of the blood - giving people , which is quite convenient .
according to a report in hangzhou 's " today 's morning news , " the information system has now been put into use in all 36 blood - transfusion organs across the province , and the blood resources of all blood - transfusion institutions in the province can also be realized in real time , thus achieving the sharing of data across the province .
to prevent the recurrence of an emergency withdrawal of 11 villages in the philippines
manila , february 18 ( xinhua ) the philippines has a total of 1,750 villages in the eastern philippines to prevent the recurrence of similar landslides .
the official of the south lease province , rotterez , said on the same day that the landslide village in the village was located in the same region with similar characteristics .
the residents of the 11 villages evacuated will be rehoused in seven evacuation centers .
leyas said : the government yesterday ordered the withdrawal of residents . today , it again sent people to inspect these villages , because some people do not want to leave their homes .
the 17 th landslide incident occurred in the southern city of skeleberg , a village on the hill in the southern part of the south leeberg . from the television screen , the soil and rocks already buried the entire village and only saw a few roof .
as the soil is very thick and humidity is very heavy , people buried at the bottom are very uncertain about their hope to survive .
at present , 109 people have been killed and 57 others have been rescued .
according to estimates , the number of deaths caused by the accident may reach as high as 1,800 .
( overseas chinese in overseas chinese ) in first month of this year , exports of fujian 's quanzhou , fujian 's hometown of overseas chinese , increased by 35.2 percent
fuzhou , february 19 ( xinhua ) the export of the city 's foreign trade and exports continued to maintain a high growth rate in january this year .
according to customs statistics , in january , quanzhou exported 330 - million us dollars of export , making it the best record in history , up 35.2 percent from the same period last year , which is higher than the average growth level of the whole province .
according to the analysis of quanzhou city 's foreign economic and trade bureau , the reason that quanzhou 's foreign trade growth in january was able to grow at a high speed was mainly attributable to the high enthusiasm of enterprises in exports , the active operation of quanzhou 's economy , the strengthening of business confidence , and the highly smooth and unimpeded environment for foreign trade development .
