the investigation report of the two cellular computers carried into princess diamond 's death was stolen .
london , june 6 , 2007
london daily news pointed out that two television stations , which recorded princess diana 's death in paris in 1997 , carried computer hand - hand hand - hand computers which were used by the former metropolitan police chief .
the report said that the theft triggered speculation that the computers might have hidden the " black - box " system , which was designed by the former metropolitan police chief jazz .
however , a woman from the metropolitan police station said there was no sensitive information in the computer or it was related to the investigation .
sir cyril is the first senior official of the northwestern police station in england , and his office is in the vicinity of the tallinnberg .
the report said that the police secretary of the nsb had been working in tracing two theft cases in the past 10 days .
the accident occurred on the weekend from 28 to 29 january , including computers and cash were taken away , and the second case of theft occurred last week . there was no loss .
the norwegian police also said that there was no evidence to show that the two cases of theft and sir stevens ' work were related to .
historian stevens has been following the death of princess werner werner because of the accident .
the royal autocratic officer , bergis , ordered in 2004 to continue to track the relevant evidence .
princess diana was arrested in a paris tunnel on august 31 , 1997 .
after two years of investigation , the french police believed that the accident was caused by the driver 's drunk driving and taking drugs , leading to the loss of control of the vehicle .
sri lanka 's warring parties agree to negotiate in geneva
afp , kuala lumpur , july 7
the norway , which is the mediator of the peace process , said that the sri lankan warring groups agreed to hold negotiations in geneva , switzerland on the 22nd of this month to defuse the efforts of all parties to end the decades - long racial clashes , but to date the deadlock of the negotiations has been stagnated for three years .
the norwegian special envoy for peace , solham , held talks with the tamil tiger in london , balsinhan , a negotiator for the tamil tiger organization , and won the breakthrough .
the norwegian embassy in beijing said in a statement that the clashes in sri lanka were caused by the joint efforts of the sri lankan government and the tamil tigers of tamil eelam , demanding that the norwegian government assist in holding talks in geneva on february 22 .
the two - day talks will focus on how to strengthen the cease - fire agreement which will come into effect on february 23 , 2002 , and the agreement has not been fully observed by both sides .
the norwegian embassy said that both sides will discuss ways to improve the cease - fire agreement , which is also the first time that the two sides have conducted face - to - face negotiations on such a high level since the end of the year .
solham said he would lead the norwegian team to the negotiations , and the tigers of the tamil tigers would be headed by balayhan .
he said : this is the road to peace . however , an important step is to hold negotiations with the united states .
the last time sri lankan ethnic conflicts were resolved , the two sides reached an agreement on the establishment of a peace agreement in japan in march 2003 .
du lin exposes south - north korea delegation to join hands in olympic games
italy , march 10 , 2007 ( afp )
the 20 th winter olympics opened in dulin today . the cold war period was the first time that south korea and north korea , each other as enemies , and the two teams jointly entered the venue .
south korean woman 's skating player lee po - la and north korean man 's skating ice skating korean won knock - down , respectively , as the two countries ' representative group , led the south korean team to enter the winter olympics stadium .
this is the first time that the south and north koreas have joined hands in the winter olympics .
to reflect the desire of both sides to mend their reconciliation spirit in recent years , the 2005 sydney summer olympics and the 2004 athens summer olympics , south korea and north korea 's delegation , while they were holding the summer olympics , both came together .
north korea has not taken part in the 19 th meeting of the united states ' yinhu city .
the korean peninsula was divided into a capitalist republic of korea and communist china , which both sides signed a treaty of peace and friendship between 1950 and 1953 during the korean war .
south korea leaders held a peace summit in 2000 . after the summit , relations between the two sides became better .
the greek team is the first country to enter the competition , and the team has won the championship in 80 countries .
the landlord team is the last country to enter , and when the italian team comes to the scene , the sport will immediately resound .
the kolman had been infected with the drug , luckily woo to wake up and create an performing cause .
new york , march 16 , 2007
the " three - point " program , which is generally recognized as the most popular and most popular to win the title of the famous star of oscar film this year , was the man who was the chief player of the film . the man of the film " cannon " , revealed that he had been indulged in drugs and liquor when he was small , and that he was fortunate that he was able to successfully take a tight precaution and finally reached a peak in his
in an interview with cbs news magazine , kurmann said that he was very impressed by the rapid development of the production of drugs and liquor during that period .
he did not come out until 20 days later and just graduated from the department of drama of new york university and entered a society of five light . he was making rapid progress every day in life and finally turned into a person who was in a coma and lost control .
he entered the killer center at the age of 22 , and he quieted away from alcohol and drug - trafficking habits , which was the most panic period in his life .
the osta summit , which is about to be held next month , is a very important sign that american writer kobak has played in the film " the cold blood has bleeding from white " , which is considered the most likely to win the best male lead prize .
before this , his superb performance had been affirmed long ago and had won many awards . he was impressed by the fact that the best male and female player in the golden ball award was awarded .
the 38 - year - old actor said in the interview that if he had not made a decision to change his bad habit before becoming famous , he might not have received the osca nomination .
he said he admires those who were 19 years old and suddenly became famous cannon - rich actors .
the evacuation of avian flu has caused panic in europe
brussels , march 16 , 2007
the tragedies of the bird flu virus have been constantly appearing in europe , causing panic .
the european commission has approved the establishment of a buffer zone to control the region of all countries found to be infected by the virus and banned all poultry trade from transporting them .
africa , after discovering the fatal bird flu virus , discovered 561 pigs in africa , spread to more areas .
egyptian officials are investigating a sudden bird flu outbreak in a farm in southern egypt .
the european chicken market is affected by the virus , and the dropping of a large margin of decline is stressed by the eu executive committee that there is no reason to panic .
the executive committee is responsible for health and food safety , the chief of the food safety commission , said the public is concerned about the matter , but it does not need to react too much .
the virus detection points in the area around three kilometers and 10 km warning zones as stipulated in the past have again presented new regulations to the eu executive committee , which have put all the areas in the region where viruses are detected .
a european union official who declined to be named pointed out that everyone is nervous and that they have been living in the process of handling the issue of transmitting from all over europe from the day to the evening , and they suspect that the epidemic has already erupted .
so far , a total of 180 austrian polish serene has been confirmed in croatia , germany , italy , italy , romania , slovenia , ukraine , and russia 's territory in europe .
romania found the 31 st case on the 16 th , the skeleton of slovenia and the rugon island of germany also found new cases .
the southern part of italy is found on two ducks with avian flu virus , the first wild bird flu virus in europe .
what is most worrying about now is the migratory birds that will soon return from africa .
the nigerian government is stepping up its efforts to prevent the spread of the virus to humans on the african continent .
the government of nigeria announced that all poultry farms in the area near the infected farm were found to have been infected with the virus and the poultry was kept under surveillance .
the government of neighboring countries , nepal , announced that the country had entered a state of alert and deployed four million us dollars of emergency plans to monitor the border between nigeria and nigeria .
the newly established state emergency committee said that they received the notification that , under the condition of the two countries ' tight security , nearly 400 police officers and men from the birds died .
the new regulation on business management of china 's electronic banking industry will come into effect on 1 march .
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to offer a loan of $ 60,000 to the bank of china ( cbrc ) , a bank official said here today
a spokesman for the banking regulatory commission said that according to the regulations of the management procedures , the approval procedures for foreign financial institutions have basically remained unchanged , that is , foreign banks have been allowed to operate internet banking services , and if they need to increase the number of new internet banking business varieties , they should be submitted to the main bank in china for examination and approval .
to standardize the commercial banks ' use of the internet to conduct banking business , the people 's bank of china formulated the " interim procedures on the management of internet banking business " in june 2001 .
a spokesman for the china banking regulatory commission said that with the continuous development of the business of commercial banks ' electronic banking business , the interim procedures are no longer suited to the requirements for the risk supervision and control of electronic banking .
according to a cbrc spokesman , the cbrc has made a decision on the quality of the safety assessment institutions , which are different from the requirements of the market access or enterprise access , and is not an administrative license system for the assessment institutions to conduct the e - banking security assessment business . as a financial institution , the cbrc has only taken the reference of the assessment institutions .
as long as the safety assessment organization meets the requirements and requirements , even without the qualification of the banking regulatory commission , financial institutions may also hire its personnel to conduct an e - banking security assessment , but management should be carried out according to the relevant regulations .
the " procedures for the management of e - banking business " are divided into nine chapters and 99 articles , which are divided into two parts : total volume of application for changing risk management data and transfer management of extraganza business management , management of extra - border business , legal responsibility , and other nine parts .
the " guidelines on e - banking security " contains 57 articles in five chapters , which are divided into a total safety evaluation organization , which is divided into three parts : management and management of the operation of the assessment of safety in operation .
" mao zedong , zhou enlai , zhu de , deng xiaoping , and chen yun on investigation and study " published and distributed
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the " mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , chen yun , " an investigation and study book compiled by the central party literature research center , was recently published and distributed by the central party literature publishing house .
conduct in - depth investigation and study in light of the actual conditions , and persist in integrating theory with practice , formulate and implement the correct line , principles , and policies , which are the basic experiences and basic work methods of the cpc in leading the revolution and construction .
mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , and other revolutionaries of the older generation have made important comments on the investigation and research issue .
the practice and results of the investigation and study of these units are of great significance to guiding the cause of the party and the people to follow the correct road of development .
" mao zedong , zhou enlai , zhu de , deng xiaoping , and chen yun on investigation and study " are divided into three parts : the first part is mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation who have a thesis on investigation and study , and the second part is the thesis of mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation on investigation and study , and the third part was written by mao zedong in the early 1960 's and by liu shaoqi .
most of these reports were published for the first time .
in addition , there are two articles on the central leaders ' investigation and study of the 1950 s and 1960 's .
russia reiterates adherence to one - china policy
moscow , february 6 ( xinhua ) russian deputy foreign minister alexander alexeyev said today that russia is willing to continue to maintain the one - china policy , while meeting with chinese ambassador liu guchang in moscow .
alekseyev said that the russian side has noticed that chen shui - bian recently made an indispensable remark on taiwan independence .
the russian government has consistently adhered to the one - china principle and firmly supported china 's efforts to realize the great cause of national reunification .
last year , the chinese npc adopted the " anti - secession law " , and russia took the lead in openly expressing support .
alekseyev said that the russian foreign ministry will issue a statement as soon as possible , reiterating one china and opposing taiwan independence .
china to hold third world trade organization ( wto ) summit in south africa
johannesburg , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to offer a visa to the south african people for their stay in china , lin yisheng , a chinese nationals of fuqing in south africa , was robbed by local militants in the morning of the 5th , local time , and died after being rescued at the burunan hospital in the south african judicial capital of burunfonan on the morning of the 6th .
according to feng yang , president of the federation of chinese organizations in liberia , the incident occurred more than 130 kilometers northwest of burundi , a local bar in wellington .
at that time , the owner of the shop , lin yixing , was about to clean up the items inside the bars and to end his business .
at that time , three customers in the shop , one of them , took out a pistol and rushed into the bars platform to commit robbery .
lin yisheng , 40 , was fighting with the scoundrel . the scoundrel fired at lin yi - xing , and later fled .
the local people who heard the news and rushed to the hospital sent lin yi - xing to the hospital for treatment . because of the thickness of lin yi - xing , which was full of blood pipes , blood was extracted from the blood stream . at around 3:30 am on 6 february .
on 6 february , the chinese consulate general in jordan wu defu , director of the south african chinese fellow association of fujian , and lin changming , vice president of the south african association of fellow villagers , drove to burunan to help the families of the deceased handle the aftermath of the incident .
lin yixing became the first victim to be shot and killed by the culprits within 36 hours , and was also the first chinese woman killed in south africa since the beginning of this year .
( selected newspaper collections ) shanghai : part - time personnel and college graduates become the main job of an hour
beijing , february 7 ( xinhua ) the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau announced on the 6th that the wage index for the latest hour of work in 2006 was broadly determined , up 11 points from the previous increase of 11 , and the salary of the original position was also lowered .
according to the estimation of relevant experts of the shanghai municipal bureau of labor and social security , currently more than 1 million people in shanghai have worked in an hour .
according to a report in china youth daily , the number of graduates and part - time workers of institutions of higher learning is the main component of the workforce of an hour .
through the investigation of the nearly 8,000 hours of work , over half of the staff are part - time personnel , and the proportion is 51.1 percent .
the cultural level of part - time laborers is generally higher , and they are mainly engaged in the work of relatively technical skills , such as translation and type jobs , as high as 81.77 percent , and physical fitness as 61.6 percent .
high income is the result of many people engaging in hours of work and part - time jobs .
it is understood that the monthly income of individual jobs can reach tens of thousands yuan , and it will be hard to make , just like translator , the monthly income of an hour of work can reach more than 2,000 yuan , such as part - time financial celebrity sirens .
to satisfy the needs of individuals and expand their knowledge , they are also the favorite of job workers for hours .
for example , when a company is the manager of the human resources department , mr. gu will take several hours to handle the matter of a foreign representative office .
mr koo said the biggest benefit from part - time jobs was to constantly upgrade and have the opportunity to involve another area . of course , the monthly salary of 2000 yuan was also very low .
as some of the hourly jobs are low , the employment pattern is flexible and free , and many graduates who are seeking jobs are gradually looking for jobs , 14 % of the hire workers are senior secondary school graduates in the last three years .
i did not want to work for an hour at the beginning , but i did it a few months later , i felt it was better than the working hours of 9 : 00 p.m .
after graduating from college student huang , he did not find his job as perfect as he had expected . he finally hung the name of a guesthouse and used a piano to play a background music .
i 'm quite satisfied with my work now , i am 100 yuan per hour , and the environment is good . i am now doing more work for several hours .
it is understood that an hour - long job worker has become a work experience accumulated by some graduates who are seeking jobs , and the communication skills have increased the social experience of the society .
the graduates are mainly concentrated in the knowledge and skilled fields , and the job is not only in the professional and professional sectors but also in the industry .
some of the job opportunities are not high , such as the food marketing staff and the cargo personnel , etc. , after simple training , the unemployed personnel can take up their jobs .
statistics show that among the employees in the workplace , 39.9 percent of the unemployed were originally unemployed , of which the proportion of the retail unemployed personnel was 68.44 percent , and the proportion of catering was 58.77 percent , an hour of labor was unemployment .
prc 's wu bangguo inspects anhui work
beijing , february 8 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has attached great importance to the development of the relations between china and kazakhstan , and has made great efforts to promote the development of the two countries ' relations , said zhou liwei , chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc )
from 6 to 8 february , wu bangguo inspected the wuhang temple in maanshan , wuhu , and other places and went deep into enterprises ' villages to conduct research in their research institutes and institutions of higher learning .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui has the advantage of linking east and west regions to the north , and is an important agricultural region in china . it has rich natural resources and a fairly good industrial foundation , and it has a strong scientific and technological strength , a strong cultural and tourist resources , and a vast potential for development .
anhui should firmly grasp the important opportunity of promoting the rise of central china , always unwaveringly uphold economic construction as the central task , earnestly implement the central guidelines and policies in light of anhui 's actual conditions , carry out work in a creative way , implement the scientific development concept in concrete measures , and implement it in practical work .
we should sum up practical experience in a timely manner , fully rely on the masses of the people , vigorously support reform and innovation , and constantly create a new situation in anhui work .
we should actively promote the building of a harmonious society , persist in maintaining good stability and developing the fundamental interests of the overwhelming majority of the people as the starting point and the foothold of all our work , actively create conditions for the masses in difficulty to gradually adjust the distribution relationships among the masses in difficulty , gradually change the dual structure of urban and rural areas , gradually narrow the gap in the structure of urban and rural areas , safeguard and realize social fairness and justice , and let the entire people share
wu bangguo stressed : china has reached the stage of relying more on the enhancement of its ability to make independent innovations and the improvement of the quality of its laborers to promote economic and social development . only by vigorously promoting scientific and technological progress and innovation will it be possible to achieve a qualitative leap in productive forces and to push economic and social development onto the track of scientific development .
we should establish and perfect as soon as possible a system and mechanism that is conducive to innovation , increase input in science and technology , encourage patents to invent , develop famous brands , speed up the transformation of scientific and technological achievements into practical productive forces , strengthen the status of enterprises as the main body of independent innovation , and constantly raise the rate of contribution to economic growth by scientific and technological progress .
we should support and encourage the participation of key technological elements in distribution , establish and improve a statistical index system that reflects our ability to innovate , study and formulate policies on fiscal revenue , finance , and government procurement , and support innovation , and form a policy system that encourages independent innovation .
we should cultivate a sense of innovation in the entire society , vigorously advocate the spirit of daring to innovate and competition , and strive to create a good atmosphere for talent coming forth in large numbers .
wu bangguo pointed out : the people 's congress has made important contributions to the process of building a socialist country ruled by law in accordance with the law .
doing a good job in the work of the people 's congress under the new situation must , first , adhere to the correct political direction , unswervingly follow the path of socialist political development , and regard upholding the party 's leadership as the masters of the country and administering the country according to law as the organic unity .
second , we should closely center on the overall situation of the work of the party and the state , closely center on the major issues in reform , development , and stability , and work around the hot and difficult issues of common concern to the masses , so as to constantly enhance the practical results of the work of the people 's congress .
third , it is necessary to give play to the characteristics and advantages of the people 's congress work , uphold democratic centralism , act strictly according to the procedures , and make collective decisions on issues .
we should adhere to the mass line , take the people as the foundation , exercise power for the people , have the people in mind , and work for the people 's interests .
china proposes major research plans for science in the next 15 years
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) china 's ministry of foreign trade and economic cooperation ( moftec ) announced here today that china will continue to implement the strategy of sustainable development in the coming five years
the four major scientific plans are research on protein , research on control of granite , research on neuron , and research on hpls .
the program pointed out that protein science is the lifeline science that developed countries are currently fighting fiercely for .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on the study of the transfer of the production of key biological systems , the study of tuidosurs , the physics and physics of the phontal protein physics , and the interoperability of the protein related computing , the biology and system physics and protein research methods and related applied basic research .
the outline also holds that the measures for measurement and control and research by quantum means a clear perspective , and it is possible to have an inestimable impact on the social and economic development of mankind from 20-30 years .
china should focus on the research on carrier and principles and methods of regulation and control of quantum communications , quantitative calculation , and limited limited capacity of a small magnitude system , the control and maturity of quantum control and control , and the new principles and new technological foundation of measurement .
in addition , the program pointed out that nanometer technology has become a strategic choice for many countries to enhance their core competitiveness , and is also one of the fields that china is expected to achieve leapfrog development .
in the next 15 years , china will focus its research on this field on the possible control of nanometer , which can be prepared and equipped with agent - control equipment , the nose chemical physics and the nanometer medicine , nanometer specialty medicine , nanometer specialization and measurement , and the nanometer and nanometer technology will be able to provide information and medical services in the energy materials and nanometer technology fields .
china 's population growth is large , its birth defects are many , and transplanting is serious in place . the peak of aging is about to arrive . therefore , it is urgently necessary to make breakthroughs in the theory of reproductive and the scientific theory of breeding and the technological innovation .
according to the outline , china will focus on the research of reproductive cells in the growth of cells and control and the maturity of biocells and the growth of the human reproductive functions in 2006 - 2020 .
shanghai 's real estate price increase rate drops by nearly 7 percentage points last year
shanghai , february 9 ( xinhua ) the state council decided to impose a new tax on the real estate industry in 2005 , and the results were clear in shanghai , according to the latest statistics released by the shanghai municipal bureau of statistics ( nbs ) .
according to the latest data released recently , the various indexes of the real estate industry in shanghai all showed a relatively marked decline or a slowing of growth .
the increase in the prices of residential housing dropped 6.6 percentage points from the previous year , and the added value of real estate industry dropped 4.1 percent compared with the previous year .
pan jianxin , director of the shanghai municipal bureau of statistics , said at a news briefing a few days ago that the average price of shanghai 's residential sales in 2005 was 6,698 yuan / square meters , an increase of 313 yuan over 2004 .
the annual increase in the prices of residential housing was 9.2 percent higher than the previous year , and the increase rate was 6.6 percentage points lower than the corresponding period of last year .
the annual added value of the real estate industry was 67.023 billion yuan , a decrease of 4.1 percent over the previous year .
of the outstanding loans of financial institutions , the balance of personal housing loans was 26.444 - billion yuan , and the amount of newly increased loans was only 9.94 - billion yuan in the year of the year , while the new loans in 2004 reached 78.09 - billion yuan .
pan jianxin said that judging from the sales price of shanghai 's real estate in the whole year , the price of commercial housing was stable and down .
according to the statistics , the total value of the total real estate price increase in shanghai dropped by a little in 2005 , while the average sales price of residential housing was 6698 yuan / square meters , an increase of 313 yuan per square meter in 2004 .
the price level of housing sales in 2005 increased by 9.7 percent over the previous year , and the rate of increase fell 6.2 percentage points compared with the previous year .
according to his briefing , last year the whole city completed the investment in real estate development totaling 124.686 - billion yuan , an increase of 6.1 percent over the previous year .
the sales area was 315.878 - million square meters , down 9.559 percent .
the annual sales of commercial housing reached 21.63 billion yuan , a decrease of 4.55 percent over the previous year .
two light planes crashed in new zealand
wellington , february 9 ( xinhua ) two new zealand light planes were flying to the south china sea about 100 kilometers north of the capital wellington on the 9th , causing two more passengers aboard the plane to die .
according to the relevant responsible person of the local civil aviation department , the two pilots on the plane were pilots of the marseille university 's flight college . they were still undergoing training and have not yet obtained their flying license .
at the time of the incident , two planes were in a non - air control zone . according to the regulations , the pilots were able to cope with the aircraft 's navigation and safety during such flights in such a region .
a witness at the scene of the incident told the new zealand media that he had heard of the huge explosion when the plane collided and saw the plane 's rapid crash .
another witness confirmed that the plane was hit by a bomb which was exploded before the crash and saw a large number of aircraft crashes .
the cause of the collision is still not clear , and local civil aviation authorities will investigate the incident .
argentine overseas chinese strongly condemn chen shui - bian 's remarks on taiwan independence
xinhua news agency , buenos aires , february 8 ( reporter cao yu ) a delegation from the chinese nationals and ethnic chinese living in argentina , led by the chinese nationals residing in argentina , issued a solemn statement on the 8th , strongly condemning chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence , and opposing any attempt to split taiwan from china .
the statement said that chen shui - bian said in his speech on 29 january that he would abolish the chang kuo tong kuo and the tucyi guidelines , which were actually making another stride toward taiwan independence .
the compatriots on both sides of the strait have long been expecting peace , and the good wish of the taiwan compatriots for peace and stability and development will face severe challenges .
the statement pointed out that it is necessary to resolutely oppose and contain taiwan independence separatist activities , maintain peace and stability in the taiwan strait region , and remain the most pressing task for compatriots on both sides of the strait and the chinese community in the world at present .
the statement stressed that the argentine council for the promotion of peaceful reunification is willing to hold dialogue with all chinese nationals and ethnic chinese in argentina who uphold the one - china principle , and to resolutely oppose the uniformity of any form of taiwan independence , and actively promote china 's peaceful reunification .
china : us ' preaching of military threat ' unjustified accusation
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to offer a new round of arms control to the us congress , which is expected to be completed by the end of this year , according to a report of the us congress on defense review
experts believe that this is a groundless accusation against china 's normal national defense construction and that the china military threat theory is actually a interference in china 's internal affairs .
the " four - year defense evaluation report " is the new guidance document for national defense of the pentagon .
the 92 - page report will use three paragraphs to expound the issue of china 's military power and the us countermeasures it should take , and the report directly mentions china 's strong points or its presence in china .
the research fellow yao yunzhu , a researcher at the world military research department of the chinese academy of military sciences , said that although the us senior officials have repeatedly expressed similar views , this is the first time in the drafting of the strategic report on national defense , china is the emerging power that is most likely to challenge the united states with military force .
this report clearly stated for the first time that russia and india are newly emerging strategic adversaries , especially the so - called encirclement of china 's military threat , has given more attention .
peng guangqian , a researcher at the chinese academy of military sciences , said :
it is noteworthy that in the " four - year defense assessment report " formally submitted , the us president bush also made a report to congress on the fiscal year 2007 budget , which included the defense budget of 439.3 - billion us dollars .
if plus the us - led military action in iraq and afghanistan ,
peng guangqian said : the us speculation on the threat of other countries reflects the pentagon 's desire to create enemy forces . its real purpose is to win more support from the national defense budget and provide the us military industrial with a large amount of money .
experts said that compared with the huge military spending of the united states , china 's defense expenditures are quite limited .
he has repeatedly participated in the research and development of the chinese national defense white paper , saying that since the 1990 s , with economic development , china 's national defense expenditures have increased , but this accounted for more than half of the total national financial expenditures in the same period .
official data show that compared with 1979 , china 's defense spending accounts for more than 10 percent of the total expenditures of the state for the same period in 2004 .
china 's defense expenditures in 2005 are 244.656 billion yuan , only equivalent to about one - fourth of the united states ' per capita military spending , which is only about one - sixth of that of the united states , and the per capita military spending is about one - thirds of that of the us military .
the united states ' territorial area is roughly the same as china 's territory , but the difference in military spending is so huge . who exactly is the military power exceeding the normal defense needs is something that is self - evident .
peng guangqian said :
the director of the research department of the china arms control and disarmament association , teng jianqun , said that the us side should objectively assess china 's military construction situation and that china 's peaceful development does not mean that china and the united states will become military adversaries in the future .
the " 2004 china 's national defense " white paper said that china firmly takes the road of peaceful development and practices a defensive national defense policy .
china did not have its own future and would not pose a threat to any country .
so far , china has not established any military bases in any other countries , nor has it sent any troops or men to other countries , while the united states has over 100 military bases overseas , and the united states has deployed troops in asia alone .
professor zhu feng of the international relations college of beijing university said that china and the united states should increase communication and exchanges through the established channels , enhance understanding and mutual trust , and comprehensively promote the constructive and cooperative relations between china and the united states in the new century and jointly promote the maintenance of world peace and development .
( winter olympics ) turin winter olympics opening ceremony will be held in a passion
duan , february 9 ( xinhua ) the fifth session of the 20 th winter olympics will open in the local time on the evening of the 10th at 8 : 00 p.m . local time
on 9 august , the organizing committee of the duenin winter olympic games disclosed to the reporters the splendid arrangements of the opening ceremony ahead of time .
the president of the organizing committee of the conference , qasari , was confident that he said at the press conference that the opening ceremony cost up to 10 million euros , which has gathered together the top talent in all fields of italy .
he said : the night of 10 july will be unforgettable . at that time , 35,000 viewers and around 2 - billion television viewers in the world will see the spectators full of intense applause and successfully host the opening ceremony .
the flames of the intense flames and the warm hearts of the people were resounding with the hearts of the five hot spots of the blue sky and the white snow and milk of the alps would appear at the opening ceremony . the director gave a briefing , saying that the dynamism and the italian type of talent would become the theme of the opening ceremony and the main theme of the opening ceremony , and the biggest ever - increasing meeting would be his impressive show to the italian people 's
the famous italian designer amani specially designed the garments for the opening ceremony , the famous italian fashion brand , moltenino , will provide a platform for the athletes to attend the ceremony .
however , the famous italian male garmel paravarotti will sing a song of songs at the opening ceremony , and the organizing committee will keep the suspense in the final stage .
eight people who could spray flame on the head will use three meters long to make a fire .
the organization committee officials said that this was the most satisfactory creation of the opening ceremony .
as for how to lure the main torch , the organizing committee did not give advance information , but the main torch tower , 57 meters high , will light the turbulence and the nearby alps hill .
white house announces bush 's visit to pakistan , india in march
washington , february 9 ( xinhua ) the united states and britain have agreed to a new round of talks on the nuclear issue on the korean peninsula , a white house spokesman said here today
mcclellan said that bush is looking forward to his visit to pakistan and india .
he also said that he is making arrangements for this visit .
mcclellan made the above remarks when he held various demonstrations in some areas in pakistan to protest the blasphemy against islamic prejudice mohamed .
in january this year , bush met with pakistani prime minister aziz at the white house . both sides expressed the need to strengthen friendly cooperation to jointly crack down on terrorism that endangers the security of the two countries .
bush also said that at the invitation of the pakistani and indian governments , he would pay a state visit to pakistan and india in march .
( international observation ) hamas sets up cabinet to seek breakthroughs
ramallah , february 9 ( xinhua ) the hamas formed a cabinet to seek a breakthrough
xinhua news agency , beijing , march 27 ,
the palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) won the legislative elections , how to draw a blueprint for the new government has become a major issue of concern in the world at present .
what kind of new policy will hamas adopt directly influence the next step of the corresponding policy orientation of the parties concerned in the peace process .
at the same time , the united states and israel 's boycott has added variables to the future of the hamas government .
at present , all parties in palestine are stepping up their consultations , and they are discussing the difficulties and sensitive points of the cabinet that may affect the future development of the situation .
the post of prime minister comes down and which family is in a state of affairs
after hamas obtained the right to form a cabinet , some people outside the world worried that prime minister hamas might have a difference between the present top leader abbas .
in addition , hamas leader mahmoud , who is visiting egypt , stressed that the new palestinian government formed by hamas will not recognize israel . this tough signal has also aggravated international worries .
the united states and israel have clearly indicated that they will not accept a hamas government that has the real power , and they will use this as a threat to halt economic aid to palestine and pass taxes to palestine .
however , this does not prevent hamas from making flexible strategic adjustments and selecting the independent people to be a compromise policy .
according to reports , to obtain international recognition as much as possible , the hamas leaders at home and abroad who gathered in egypt recently decided to elect an independent person at home and abroad jamal ho hau - ali as the new prime minister .
this move has not received any response from the parties concerned .
palestinian analysts , hossein , said that no matter who the prime minister 's position comes , the most crucial thing is that the candidate for the prime minister should try as much as possible to play down the hardlincoln hue of hamas , and only thus can the success of forming the cabinet be guaranteed .
how to allocate power
internal affairs are the most serious challenge facing the hamas cabinet .
the palestinian newspaper " ching pao " analyzed that hamas , through social welfare projects , gathered together to show its popularity , but in governing it lacks experience and is closely related to the palestinian people 's liberation movement , which has the experience in governance .
hamas proposed a new government with fatah after the election , in which it jointly formed a national coalition government , but fatah has not given a positive response to this .
at present , there are no different opinions on whether or not to be elected in the cabinet , and one faction advocates participating in the new government , thus doing something to accomplish . the other faction refuses to invite hamas to make a thoughtful opposition to the legislative yuan .
according to the source , after abbas persuaded him , fatah gradually inclines toward joining the new government .
even so , hamas and fatah will also hold consultations on the distribution of cabinet posts .
in addition , another way is to separate taiwan from the party 's cabinet members outside the framework of the legislative yuan .
it is reported that hamas also designed a clear - headed expert - type government , but the specific list is unaware .
in view of the attitude of the united states and israel , the technology - based government is also indispensable to forming a cabinet to ease external pressure .
according to the provisions of the " basic law " of palestine , after the new legislative council was sworn in on 16 june , the work of nominating the prime minister and forming the cabinet will be completed within three to five weeks .
how will armed forces follow ?
the weapons in hamas are another challenge facing the formation of a new government .
the united states and israel have adopted a very tough attitude , resolutely demanding that hamas abandon violence and reject its armed intervention in politics .
hamas leader mashal stressed on 9 april that armed resistance is the core of the organization 's strategies .
the armed forces issue in fact includes the legality of weapons and the management of the armed forces at the two levels .
hamas won the election by means of democracy and freedom , and its first - largest party was recognized internationally , making its subordinate armed faction bhutan juan brigitte similarly legalized .
hamas once proposed to reunite all factions into a palestinian national authority and the people 's army did not get a widespread response , but it was also strongly opposed by the palestinian islamic jihad ( jhafd ) .
palestine now has more than 60,000 security personnel , and the overwhelming majority of them come from the fatah camp .
moreover , fatah also has some subordinate armed forces factions that have loose ties , such as al-aqsa martyrs brigade , which is known as the hawkish hawk .
hamas , which is responsible for forming the cabinet , must have a thorough discussion with abbas on how to manage these armed forces that are all in power and reasonably allocate security management powers .
according to local media reports , abbas intends to be in charge of security and intelligence forces , police , civil defense , and other organizations , and the new government will be under the administration of the interior ministry .
however , the parties are still holding consultations on this sensitive issue , and so far there has been no further comment on it .
china issues report on polar exploration
beijing , february 10 ( xinhua ) chinese state oceanic administration recently issued a " china 's polar region survey report 2005 " , which is the first report on china 's polar scientific research in the past 20 years and more , and it has issued this kind of report for the first time .
the " report " comprehensively reflects the scientific and technological progress of polar exploration in china in 2005 .
according to the " report , " at 2215 hours on 9 january 2005 ( beijing time ) , the research results of the antarctic on the inland icecap in china successfully reached the peak of the icecap , the highest altitude of the antarctic . the research group also conducted an investigation at 31515 hours ( beijing time ) on 18 january . the highest point of the ice - breaking area was 493 meters .
amid the increasingly fierce international arena of competition , china 's image is strong and its determination and unparalleled fear are still unshakable .
sun zhihui , director of the state oceanic administration , said :
the " report " shows that on 24 march 2005 , the 21 st antarctic expedition team of china successfully returned to shanghai after completing its mission . the 151 - day inspection lasted 26,500 nautical miles .
on 18 november of the same year , the 22 nd china 's antarctic expedition team left shanghai to conduct a scientific expedition at the antarctic zhongshan station . it will leave the zhongshan station by the end of february 2006 and return to shanghai via australia .
since china 's first ultra - polar survey report , the " 2005 china polar survey report " also makes a comprehensive revision of the research results that started in the early 1980 s on china 's polar region .
according to the " report , " in 1983 , china formally joined the " antarctic treaty " and became a member state of the antarctic treaty . it became the first member of the committee of research on nanextremely scientific research , the council of directors of the antarctic research committee , and other most influential international organizations for the antarctic affairs .
in 1997 , china became a member of the arctic science committee , and won a say and a decision - making power in international polar affairs .
the " report " pointed out : over the past 20 - plus years , china 's polar investigation has gone out from scratch and continued to develop . it has begun to show its strength as a boat of the third station , which is a ship of the third station , namely , the nanfang polyresearch system established in february 1985 , and the nanpolar research center built in february 1989 . the station was established in 1989 . the center of the huang he station , which was established in
according to statistics in the " report , " as of the end of 2005 , china had organized 22 scientific research sessions in the antarctic ocean , with the name of the dragon boat capsized in the arctic , which was loaded with the platform , on two occasions when inspecting the huanghe station in the arctic . so far , more than 3,000 national - level archaeologists have gone to the scene to inspect the northern pole on site .
at present , we are working hard to build the third antarctic observation station , and also china 's first inland investigation station in the antarctic . the station is conducting feasibility study .
sun zhihui said :
after 20 years of effort , china 's polar exploration project has achieved great success in the world 's polar exploration .
he said .
sun zhihui revealed that china will publish a report on polar exploration every year in the future .
castro meets chen zhili , hails sino - cuban cooperation
havana , february 10 ( xinhua ) cuba 's president castro met with visiting chinese state council president jiang zemin today , during which he met with chinese state councilor chen zhili , who is currently on a visit to cuba . both sides expressed the need to constantly strengthen mutually beneficial cooperation in education , science , and technology .
president fidel castro warmly welcomed state councillor chen zhili on his visit to cuba .
he said : cuba - china relations are very friendly . high - level mutual visits have been frequent , which have forcefully promoted and strengthened friendship and mutual understanding between the two sides . he hoped that the two countries would continuously deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in various fields , including education and science and technology .
chen said cuba is the first country in latin america and the caribbean region to have an important influence .
the friendly exchanges between the chinese and cuban peoples date back to ancient times .
cuba is the first latin american country to establish diplomatic relations with new china .
after entering the new century , with the concern and promotion of the leaders of the two countries , mutual political trust between the two countries has become increasingly deeper , the fields of cooperation have constantly expanded , mutual support and cooperation in international affairs , and sino - cuban friendly relations have entered a new period of comprehensive development .
she believed that with the joint efforts of both sides , sino - cuban friendly cooperation will certainly yield more fruitful results .
chen said the chinese government has always attached importance to the exchanges and cooperation with cuba in the field of education .
in recent years , the two countries have maintained close exchanges in education and frequent personnel exchanges .
china actively supports the international conference held by cuba and has sent a delegation to attend the world higher education conference and the 2005 anti - illiteracy elimination conference .
cuba 's basic education level is very high , and it is hoped that the relevant experience exchanges will be further strengthened in the future .
chen said that china and cuba have made great progress in their scientific and technological research and development , and they can cooperate in various fields to achieve mutual benefit and win - win results .
the chinese side has provided aid to cuba in the research and production of some research equipment , hoping to play a positive role in cuba 's scientific research and production .
she also briefed castro on china 's strategy of rejuvenating the country through science and education and the national conference of science and technology .
chen arrived here on a three - day visit at the invitation of the cuban government on february 9 , local time .
during the visit , chen zhili met with the cuban minister of high education and science , vino , and inspected the faculty of science of the havana university , the tucz university , the samarita middle school , and the santa maria primary school .
oil leakage on the beijing - harbin highway closed
harbin , february 11 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a special train station in harbin on february 10 , a five - kilometer - long highway in the capital of harbin , capital of harbin , said a local official here today .
according to the people 's police of the traffic police unit of the shuangcheng city public security bureau , at around 2300 on the 10th , a truck collided with a truck 58 km away . a car bumped with a tanker and a oil tanker . the oil tanker was leaking and the oil was loaded onto the road .
it is understood that the oil tanker was loaded with discarded oil that produced coke .
because the fuel is thick and thin , they are afraid that the fire from the vehicles might occur in the past , and the departments concerned have closed the road to the scene .
some of the highways that harbin is heading for the double city are closed , and many vehicles will depart .
at present , the departments concerned are screening the scene and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) huangpu announced that its three - day listing would be postponed
hong kong , february 11 ( xinhua ) the china hutchison whampoa company limited announced on the 11th that its subsidiary 3c telecom company , ltd. , juventus , is planning to list in italy .
and huo kin - ning , general manager of the huanghe group , said that although the three italian cables have been approved by all the relevant supervisory bodies on the market , since the securities offering process must be completed in the coming weeks , the time is really too tight .
at the same time , the european telecom market is weak at present , and the market may not necessarily offer a subscription of canjita 3 maturity for the listing at this moment .
in view of the fact that shareholders have the greatest interest to consider , the decision to postpone the listing .
as for when the reissue of shares will be listed , mr fok said that the future market situation in europe would depend on the future situation of the european telecommunications market .
he said that from now on to the time of another stock offering , the company needs to conduct extensive investor education activities to facilitate global investment in telecommunications markets to become more aware of italy 's demand for the current strong performance and favorable prospects .
according to media reports , the three worldwide coordination personnel in italy 's investment bank , golf , agreed to use 420 million euros to buy shares in private matching , holding 104 % of italian stock ownership , and trading expected to reach 420 million euros by the end of march this year .
china , myanmar to further economic ties , trade ties
yangon , february 12 ( xinhua ) the chinese embassy in myanmar has been holding a meeting with the visiting myanmar delegation led by its secretary general kofi annan on the eve of the visit to china
ambassador kuromu said that the friendly relations between china and myanmar , which have been established on the basis of the five principles of peaceful coexistence in recent years , have been consolidated and developed , and exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been expanding and deepening , and economic and trade relations between the two countries have been expanding and strengthening .
counsellor tang hai said : the high - level visits between the two countries have effectively promoted the development of bilateral economic and trade cooperation .
during the exchange of high - level visits between the two countries in 2004 , the two sides signed 33 agreements on economic and trade cooperation , most of which are being implemented and implemented .
he said that 2004 was $ 1.44 - billion , and that 2005 was $ 1.09 - billion , of which china 's exports were $ 935 - million , and imports were $ 274 - million .
in bilateral trade last year , trade between china 's yunnan and myanmar ( including border trade ) totaled 630 million us dollars , increasing by 14.6 percent over the previous year .
tang said myanmar has become a major partner for chinese enterprises to undertake the contractual project , and china 's main projects in myanmar include the bridge tucu and the factory ( such as the canonass factory ) , the whampoa moquid factory , etc. ) .
chinese enterprises have started engineering operations in myanmar , which has brought along the export of all kinds of chinese mechanical and electrical products , and myanmar has become the main destination for china 's complete sets of equipment and mechanical and electrical products .
according to statistics from the chinese customs , the export volume of mechanical and electrical products has accounted for 45.5 percent of china 's total exports to burma in the past five or six years .
tang said myanmar is rich in resources and chinese companies have started investing in burma 's oil and natural gas extraction and mining .
he expressed the hope that chinese enterprises will have a long - term vision , learn how to avoid risks , make careful decisions , establish a good image of enterprises , and ensure that projects are properly protected and completed on schedule so as to win glory for the country .
ambassador kuromu and counselor tang haisheng both held that premier soe win 's upcoming official visit to china is a major event in bilateral relations this year , and will be of great significance to enhancing political mutual trust , promoting bilateral cooperation , and promoting the further development of sino - burmese good - neighborly and friendly relations .
the two sides are expected to sign several agreements on economic and trade cooperation during the visit .
world bank to reduce debt of poorest countries
moscow , february 11 ( xinhua ) world bank president wolfowitz said in moscow on the 11th that the world bank would completely abolish the debt of the poorest countries by the middle of this year .
wolfowitz said in moscow on the same day that he had a meeting with the finance ministers of various countries who came to attend the g - 8 finance ministers ' meeting .
in a statement issued after the meeting , he said that the world bank would implement the debt reduction and exemption plan before july 1 this year , and that the world bank is now completing all its technical work .
last year , the world bank donor countries completely exempted the debts owed by 28 countries and said they would provide financial assistance to the relevant trust funds .
the international monetary fund 's creditor 's rights are relatively small , and the organization has started to reduce and waive its debts by the end of 2005 .
in addition , the " anti - ballistic missile treaty " that wolfowitz made to russia welcomed the decision to relieve 16 african countries of their debts .
the high court digital television has become a mainstream in the united states
new york , february 12 ( xinhua ) the world 's top computer giant , with a high - resolution digital television ( cast ) , has been declining and market expansion , with the us television transmission organization also stepping up its efforts to introduce the relevant high - definition television programs .
the newly - started us super bowl type american soccer match has become the first time that american broadcasting industry has greeted the heat of the era .
according to a recent report by the financial times , the us congress recently passed a bill , requiring the broadcasting industry to submit a report to the national people 's congress on 17 february , 2009 , which can only broadcast the existing simulated television signals .
this means that the full digitization of the us television programs has already reached a clear timetable .
the popularization of digital television should on the one hand depend on consumers to buy television sets , but on the other hand , it is necessary to rely on the production agencies to provide high - resolution digital programs .
although digital television has been repeatedly mentioned in the past few years , it has never become a reality .
this problem has taken a turn for the better this year .
according to the forecast of the american consumer electronics association , digital television sets will sell in the united states for the first time this year more than traditional tv sets , while the digital television sets will have 850 % of the total sales of high - resolution products .
japanese researchers have developed new highly efficient kidneys
tokyo , february 13 ( xinhua ) the research institute of east china sea university of japan has developed a biological human kidney which is not only related to the human kidneys but also has the function of dividing the same as the human kidneys , and it also has the function of retaining the material elements that are useful . moreover , it is small in size and easy to transplant . with the in - depth study , it is expected that it will bring about good fortune to
according to a recent report by nikkei shimbun , the newly developed biological man - made kidney is mainly composed of two parts , and some are transmitted from blood to tube and water polymer , and some others are from the original urine of lieutenant general and the inhydrate diamond , and other used elements that have been used to return to the blood supply chain .
the locks built up the kidneys and the tubes were all made from the middle - air silk line , and the urine was made in the inner tube of the inner tube .
this kind of stem cells can make many blood transfusion fills the throat of thickness in the neatrics of the same type , which is transmitted in material form into therapy and returned to the blood , and can also make the body of the staple fruits of the orange and mineral materials , etc. , which are essential for the body , enter the blood again .
in the past , people - made kidneys relied on the lethal reactor to filter out the tubes , and they could not completely remove them , and they did not have the capability to make the blood of the insecticide and other components return to the blood .
the researchers used the sheep to carry out experiments on transplanting biological human kidneys and the middle - air silk wire with humans ' kidney .
two weeks later , researchers confirmed that human - made kidneys can be used .
at present , they are developing biological man - made kidneys for the use of human kidneys and will get clinical research after testing their safety .
china 's power industry continues to face severe challenges
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the state power regulatory commission ( sdrc ) said on the 13th that although the overall situation of safe production in 2005 remained stable , the production of electricity safety was still facing severe challenges .
shi yubo , vice chairman of the state power regulatory commission , said at the fifth meeting of the national commission for electric power production safety ( enlarged ) held here that china 's overall power production safety is stable in 2005 , and the tasks of electric power greeting the peak are fulfilled , electricity supply is guaranteed , and the intrusion of natural disasters is actively handled , so as to ensure the safe and stable operation of the power system and to ensure that the safety of power generation equipment and ordinary
however , he pointed out that with the changes in the situation of power supply and demand and the large amount of new power generating units being put into operation , the production of electricity safety will face new challenges .
these challenges include regional , seasonal shortage of electricity , which will still exist , and the supply and demand situation of some areas will remain tight , and the favorable mechanism for coal prices has not yet taken shape , leading to a relatively large problem in the supply of electricity . at the same time , the problem of a low quality of electricity coal has not been effectively controlled , and the stable operation of power generating units will be seriously affected . some of the weak power grid and equipment will cause a hidden
the power system reform has been further carried out , and many deep - seated contradictions will continue to be exposed , said shi yubo , who is also vice - chairman of the npc standing committee , at a press conference .
in view of the 2006 work of safe production of electricity , shi yubo said that it is necessary to further consolidate the basic work of managing the production safety of electric power , speed up the establishment and improvement of the emergency management mechanism for emergency management of power supply , enhance the ability to deal with sudden incidents , strengthen coordination and cooperation in power plants , jointly safeguard the security of the power supply system , continue to do a good job in supervising and managing the safety of the dam , and strengthen the safety
it is understood that in light of the new situation in the management of power safety , the power supervision and control commission will conduct a thorough revision and revision of the " interim regulations on investigating the production of electricity generation accidents " which has been promulgated this year . at the same time , the supplementary documents on the safety of the power stations and the protection of the second system of power supply safety will be issued one after another this year .
in 2005 , the total electricity consumption in china 's entire society reached 246.89 billion kilowatts , up 13.455 percent over the same period last year .
in the face of the situation in power supply and demand being still tight , the contradiction in coal , electricity , oil , and transportation is conspicuous , and other unfavorable conditions , all power enterprises have earnestly adopted effective measures to strengthen the management of equipment . last year , there was no exceptionally big equipment accident in the power production of the whole country .
there were 74 accidents involving power grids , 127 less than the same period last year , 427 accidents involving equipment , and 132 cases less than the same period last year .
south african envoy to china said south africa does not have any organization that is directed against chinese citizens ' criminal acts
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has attached great importance to the development of friendly relations with south africa , said a senior official here today
he also said that the south african government will do its utmost to crack down on all forms of criminal activities .
he said the south african government hopes to reduce the crime rate to zero and to fight every criminal gang in south africa .
since 2006 , four chinese citizens have been in south africa one after another , and the chinese world has expressed its extensive concern about this .
the chinese foreign ministry has made representations with the south african side on this issue and reminded chinese citizens in south africa to further enhance their awareness of security and prevention , and the overseas chinese to strengthen their unity and friendship and cooperate with the police in cracking down on criminal activities .
we told the families of the victims the most sincere sympathy and mourning .
" we are satisfied with this , " said fu , who is also a member of the chinese people 's political consultative conference ( cppcc ) central committee , who is also a member of the central committee of the cpc central committee , and who is also a member of the central committee of the cpc central committee political bureau .
according to the chinese embassy in south africa , the south african police have successfully cracked the case of chen jianqing , chinese woman , killed in south africa on 5 february . a suspect has been arrested .
at present , the police are hunting another suspect .
according to the south african embassy in china , the number of criminals suspected of shooting hong kong businessmen was arrested by south african police in january this year , and the money and property of the victims have been recovered .
on the possibility of the killing of chinese citizens , fu kangning said that these incidents indeed had a bump in the hearts of the two countries ' trade and other areas .
the tourism commissioner of the south african embassy , mr benjamin baki , said the embassy had sent more than 2,000 chinese tourists to south africa in the first 15 days of this year .
according to official statistics from china , south africa has maintained a position of china 's largest trading partner in africa in 2005 .
the bilateral trade volume reached $ 7.27 billion , an increase of 23.0 percent over the previous year .
however , people in the tourism industry believe that the successive cases of chinese citizens being killed in 2004 have had a significant impact on the number of chinese tourists visiting south africa .
according to statistics from the south african tourism bureau , the number of chinese tourists going to south africa in the first half of 2005 was 20331 , a decrease of 14.99 percent compared with the same period last year .
currently , there are 200,000 chinese living in south africa , and there are about 200,000 people in the towns and villages in south africa .
analysts here believe that the gap between rich and poor in south africa 's society is wide , the unemployment rate is high , and there is a flood of guns , and there is no deterrent force against death , so the crime rate remains high .
since many chinese do not understand english , their bodies and families have cash , they are more prone to become the targets of criminals seeking financial attacks .
hk promotes english learning and training in hong kong
hong kong , february 13 ( xinhua ) the international english campaign , launched by the hong kong special administrative region government , was launched on the 13th , aiming at raising the english standard of the english language among the more serving people in the community .
this english - speaking english and rich life - oriented project , including the development of a series of publicity activities , will promote the use of english in the workplace and will also further enhance the understanding of the employers of the workforce on the way to enhance the english standard .
as at present , the scheme has sponsored nearly 25,000 people to complete the training courses on english in the workplace , enabling them to reach the benchmarks for the relevant workplace english classes .
the hong kong workplace english campaign is launched by the sar government in 2000 .
an important project of the workplace english campaign is the provision of funding support for workplace english training .
the scheme aims to help people who need to use english in their work , through training and participating in the specified international business english examination , to reach their standard of english competency required for their relevant job categories .
hebei 's aids inspection and testing system is free of charge
shijiazhuang , february 14 ( xinhua ) the death toll from the disease in the province has been reduced to a new level in the province , according to a report issued by the hebei provincial health department recently
the " plan " clearly states the main tasks of the work of voluntary consultation and examination of aids in hebei province : the system of hiv testing and consultation is free of charge , and the system of testing and consultation on aids resistance and the system of information and consultation , the system of testing and consultation on aids antibodies and the confidentiality of aids patients , and the system of protecting the legitimate rights and interests of hiv carriers and aids patients are provided for the relevant follow - up services .
the " program " requires that aids consultation and examination points be set at the locations of convenient consulting persons , so as to provide effective services to protect the privacy of the consulting persons , and to provide one - to - one consultation .
the choices of the counsellors should give full consideration to the personal quality of the individual , the knowledge of the knowledge , and the ability to exchange information .
to protect the privacy of the consulting persons , the inspection leaflets may be registered with the code or number .
the " plan " also requires that the health administration departments at and above the county level make public the results of the local major media that medical and health institutions that undertake free - of - charge of aids testing and service for their own localities should make it convenient for the masses to understand the relevant information .
the ministry of public security still has a focus on exposing extortion of confessions by torture
beijing , february 14 ( xinhua ) the police inspector bureau of the ministry of public security , zheng baigang , said in a press briefing held by the ministry of public security that the so - called " unsuitable method " was used to make suspects guilty of the crime unfit .
the focus of the work of the inspectors department is also to prevent these problems from happening .
he also pointed out that some international organizations have a very strong understanding of the law enforcement situation of the chinese police .
the latest information provided by the ministry of public security on 14 february shows that the ministry of public security issued in 2002 the " regulations on putting in place the measures of public security organs for putting in place the regulations on putting in place " and " regulations on applying to continuing interrogations by public security organs " , thus ensuring that the grass - roots public security organs can properly handle the issue of retaining interrogations according to law .
since 1997 , in order to further advance the management of three projects ( namely , rectifying extortion of confession by torture , harnessing and correcting illegal use of firearms and police ) , the national public security organs have insisted on making thorough investigation of the local police corps , the tutorial police corps , and the public security supervision and control and other frontline law enforcement units , including the public security and control units , to carry out on - the - spot investigation of the rights
in order to prevent law enforcement from the source , the police inspectors further extend the tentacles of law enforcement inspectors and increase the intensity of inquires on the internet , and the investigation of the case was conducted by the 110 superintendent , who was involved in the case of handling property and penalties , and the collection of data on stolen and robbing motor vehicle information into law enforcement links .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) sun yun - hsuan dies of illness in taipei
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the taiwan strait exchange foundation ( sef ) , which has been honorary chairman of the association for relations across the taiwan straits ( arats ) , has been operating smoothly since the incumbent president of the association for relations across the taiwan straits ( arats ) , sun yun - hsuan , who had been honorary chairman of the association for exchanges across the taiwan strait , died of illness in taipei on the morning of the 15th .
sun yun - hsuan was born on 11 november 1913 in penglai , shandong , and graduated from the electrical engineering department of harbin industrial university .
it is a member of the tenth to 13 th central committees of the kuomintang , a member of the 11 th central standing committee , and a member of the presidium of the 14 th central committee of the 14 th central committee of the central consultative committee , and a member of the 15 th central committee of the consultative committee .
he was once the minister of communications of the taiwan authorities , minister of economy , finance ministry , and executive yuan member .
heilongjiang promotes ecological impact assessment of water pollution in songhua river
harbin , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to offer a water supply of 300,000 tons of rice to the songhua river in order to ensure the smooth completion of the plant 's river - sealed dry and ice - layer works
the reporter learned from the heilongjiang provincial environmental protection bureau that the " hankuang " anti - pollution work group , which was led by the state environmental protection administration , had decided to launch 15 special topics , including the evaluation of the ecological environment of the emergency and countermeasures against the ecological effect of the incident , and the evaluation of the human health pollution control project , and the comprehensive evaluation of the technology of the pollution control project , which was divided into five stages , and completed in three stages .
currently , there are a total of over 60 scientific research institutes in heilongjiang province , with a total of over 60 people undertaking 14 research projects .
according to the briefing , environmental protection departments and related scientific research institutions will focus on five special topics , namely , the evaluation of emergency environment and countermeasures for emergencies , and strive to resolve environmental problems that the masses are urgently concerned about .
these include the control of the concentration of major pollutants in the surface and the forecast of the total discharge volume of pollutants in the songhua river , the impact of the safety of drinking water in the songhua river on the two sides of the strait , and the impact of water supply to the water in the cities .
heilongjiang province 's environmental protection department will also increase the intensity of environmental monitoring along the songhua river coast , and severely punish the criminal and law - breaking pollution cases that have caused serious pollution to the environment caused by illegal discharge and illegal construction .
heilongjiang will send environmental law enforcement personnel to supervise and guide various localities to carry out comprehensive improvement of the environment of small river basins , improve the water supply of arsh river , longang river , and other tributaries .
beijing university 's memorial hall to mourn wang xuan
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to provide a new medical service to the beijing university after several days of tense deployment , the 100 th anniversary memorial hall of beijing university was held at 0900 on the 15th . as of noon on the 15 th , hundreds of people have come to mourn their condolences .
at 0800 , the dusk hall was still open and there were several dozen people waiting outside the hall for a long time .
this reporter learned from the forum on the commemoration of the 100 th anniversary of beijing university that the black hanging on the wall of the hall was a solemn mourning for academician wang xuan .
the horizontal one was a large piece of wang xuan 's portrait of more than 10 square meters . he was wearing a glasses , a smile on the surface , and an elegant atmosphere .
the two sides of the statue were placed with several dragon trees , dozens of flower wreaths .
one of the oranges was written like this : qin sheng started his journey to china at the foundation of tang changhua 's glory , and he delivered other days of the lead drafting .
the hall was so sorrowful that the mourning was low and the atmosphere was filled with a heavy heart .
among the memorial people were leaders of beijing university and teachers and students , friends of academicians wang xuan , pupils , and friends who had never been in good health with him .
some of them wore flowers with their hands , some carried with them a flower basket , and each of them was wearing a small white flower in their chest , slowly walking to the portraits of academicians wang xuan , bowing their bow to their souls .
many people could not bear to shed their tears .
the former director of the state administration of cultural relics , zhang wenbin , was an old alumnus of beijing university . he told this reporter that more than 10 years ago , he was still working in henan province and asked professor wang xuan to give a report on scientific and technological innovation to the provincial party committee 's cadres .
academician wang xuan was a scholar of the same kind in the study of others . he has made important contributions to the country and society and the people will never forget him .
jin ruilin of the law college of beijing university was in contact with wang xuan , an old friend who had been in office for more than 40 years .
he was just discharged a few days ago . today he insisted on farewell to his old friend .
in his message albums , mr. jin could not restrain his own pains and took several times to the point where he shed tears by paper .
he told this reporter that professor wang xuan 's life was very frugal , he always had a good time to teach , and he had already had a very high achievement . however , he was still living in a very small house .
later he moved to the chengze garden and found a house of 780 square meters in a place more than 10 years .
beijing university gave him a new academic building in the blue camp , which was more than 140 square meters . he did not want to have a large house , and the high - level housing provided by the building was not yet built .
mr. jin recalled with deep feelings that wang chose to visit abroad during his visit abroad and would not have to leave him with a high level of treatment , but he resolutely stopped .
in the beginning , he insisted that he would not apply for academicians , and that he had not returned to the work after several mobilization by mr. zhou peiyuan .
let mr. jin deeply feel that wang xuan is very much concerned about the cultivation of young people . he repeatedly emphasized that he saw what achievements i have now and that he does not look at himself , but should rely on the cultivation of young people .
mr. jin said , " when wang xuan was 50 , he began to pay attention to cultivating young people . he stressed that he wanted to pave the way and make the young people happy to make way .
this is a very successful scientist , very uneasy .
this reporter has learned from the beijing university press center that from 09:00 on 15 february to 12:00 noon on 19 february , wang wei was elected academician by the public at the mourning hall of academician wang xuan from 09:00 to 1600 hours .
the " new century " of the chinese people 's political consultative conference , which is known as the " new century , " has been written by professor yan huijun , a professor at beijing university of science and technology who is an academician of the chinese academy of sciences , at the third time after his illness was cured from illness , died at beijing hospital at 11:30 hours on 13 february .
china 's npc , chilean parliament exchange mechanism beijing , march 27
wu bangguo attended the signing ceremony and signed the agreement .
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) , wu bangguo , attended the opening ceremony of the china 's npc and the chilean parliament for the establishment of political dialogue relations between the two countries in the great hall of the people on the afternoon of the 15th , and signed the agreement .
the chinese npc and the chilean parliament have formally established a mechanism for exchanges .
it is reported that president of the chilean parliament romano romano and president of the chamber of deputies jose manuel asio signed the agreement in santiago , the capital of chile .
according to the provisions of the agreement , the two sides will establish a mechanism for the exchanges and cooperation between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament in accordance with the principles laid down in the communique on the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and chile , and the two sides will hold meetings on a regular basis in order to jointly promote the comprehensive development of bilateral relations .
chilean ambassador to china kaleira attended the signing ceremony .
china to introduce protection of rights for information network dissemination
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has made great efforts to improve the quality of the internet , including newspapers and magazines , in a bid to increase the number of sites , according to reports released by newspapers and magazines
wang said that according to the existing laws , newspapers and periodicals have published their works , so long as the author does not make a statement or make a statement that can not be used , newspapers and periodicals have to pay for the pay of the works after the author agrees to use the works . the state copyright bureau specially formulated the standard for the repayment of newspapers and periodicals according to the law .
however , according to the existing law , the newspaper and magazine enjoy the right to legally licensing . at present , the internet does not enjoy the right to legally licensing .
according to the relevant judicial explanations made by the supreme people 's court , this method of using newspapers and periodicals to transmit legal licensing can be applied to the internet , that is , the short article published in newspapers and periodicals , and the author has not made any statement that the author can not use the press without permission . the internet can not be used without the approval of the newspapers and periodicals . at the same time , the payment should be
however , the judicial interpretation does not stipulate the pay standard , so in reality , when these works are used on the internet , they have not paid any remuneration .
the internet users of these short works that have been published are not applicable to the legal system , and they also need to be determined by legal level .
wang ziqiang said : whether or not it is included in the scope of legal decision , and also the issue of protecting the right to dissemination of information network , which is now tabled this year , will be confirmed .
russia says georgia 's parliamentary resolution not to affect russian peacekeeping operations
moscow , february 15 ( xinhua ) the russian defense ministry 's information official , shove , told the media on the 15th that the georgian parliament has made a decision on the russian peacekeeping forces , and that the russian military will not be affected in the short term , and the russian military will continue to play a constructive role in the peace - keeping mission in the south ossetia conflict area .
the russian state duma ( lower house ) cis chairman konin expressed his views on the georgian parliament 's resolution on peacekeeping forces , saying that the georgian side will undermine the peace and stability in the region and will play a positive role in russian - georgia relations .
he stressed that the georgian parliament 's resolution has further worsened the relations between russia and georgia .
he said : the accusations made by georgia against the russian side are ridiculous .
the georgian parliament adopted a resolution on the same day , demanding that the russian peacekeeping forces stop their peacekeeping operations in the south ossetia , but did not set the specific deadline for the withdrawal of russian peacekeeping troops .
the georgian parliament accused russian peacekeepers of failing to fulfill their obligations and took action in the region of conflict as an excuse attempting to swallow the territory of georgia .
the georgian parliament has asked the government to take active steps to consider sending peacekeeping troops to the region of the south ossetia conflict to replace the peacekeeping operations in the region .
the georgian parliament also instructed the government to revise the relevant agreements on the stationing of russian peacekeeping personnel in the conflict - stricken areas .
the south ossetia is an autonomous state in georgia , which has a border with the republic of north ossetia in russia .
after the disintegration of the former soviet union , it declared independence on its own and was in a state of confrontation with the georgian central government for a long time .
at present , russia has one 500 troops stationed in the region .
the unit was established in 1992 in accordance with the russian military command in northern georgia , serbia , south ossetia , and sijose .
four persons in charge of the flame in liaoyuan hospital will be prosecuted for the crime of being suspected of being responsible for major accidents .
changchun , february 16 ( xinhua ) the jilin provincial government has decided to offer a death sentence of six people in the province , including the three persons who were responsible for the fire in the central hospital of liaoyuan , jilin province , after the fire broke out in the city
on 15 december 2005 , the largest hospital in liaoyuan city was in a fire in the hospital , which killed 39 people .
in this fire , the fire area has exceeded 5,000 square meters .
it is understood that this was the first large - scale public health accident in the country since the founding of new china .
according to investigations , at about 1630 hours on the day of the incident , the central hospital of liaoyuan city suddenly stopped power . according to the hospital 's circuit design , if the power - stop and power - detreated box gate is automatically jumped to the deputy gate and continued to maintain the normal power supply in the hospital , the electric gate was not automatically out of the gate at that time , and the head of the power industry squad , zhang diankun , was
the underground cables that were smoke - free at that time were chaotic , with more than 10 cables dying together , and the electric cables like this should be very neat placed . they should also set up fire prevention layers .
therefore , 57 - year - old liaoyuan city textile company 's electrical installation team leader zhao yongchun , retired cadre of liaoyuan power bureau ( senior engineer ) sun fenglin from the central hospital of liaoyuan city , returned to his post to hire a worker , jin chengtai , who was suspected of being involved in major responsibility accidents , was also indicted .
china 's first tour of guizhou to be held in tianlong
guiyang , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to offer a water supply of 10,000 tons of coal for the first time in the next five years , a senior official said here today
at 10 : 30 am , after the five - year - old event , the young 80 - year - old zheng peirong , who was wearing a blue - colored long - shirt , sounded the first kitchen of the first tour of guizhou in china 's rural tourism .
tianlong village is the main source of tourism development in guizhou and the national village tourism demonstration area .
as a tuen mun military logistical descendant of the ming dynasty , the tuckyu man has been relieved of 600 years of history .
here , people can see that the blue long sleeved blue robes , old han people , who have an elder han culture and dressing clothes , are well preserved in the villages in tun butcher .
it is understood that the cultural traditional superiority of tianlong village will be developed from 2002 onwards , and the number of tickets will be increased to 3800,000 yuan in 2005 , and the total village has 47-7 percent of the total income of rural households traveling in catering and transportation , and so on . the per capita income of peasants has increased from 1300 yuan in 2002 to 240 yuan in 2005 .
yang shengming , director of the guizhou provincial tourism bureau , said that following the first tour of tianlong castle , the new rural areas around neurontious , new wind and wind conditions were the main themes , and the various activities of rural tourism activities launched by various localities in guizhou this year will reach 35 .
so far , guizhou has launched more than 130 villages and towns with a total area of over 300 rural tourism projects . by 2005 , over 600,000 peasant households in the province have extricated themselves from poverty through developing tourism .
in january , housing prices in 70 cities nationwide increased by 5.5 % shanghai housing prices continued to slide
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to offer a total of 380 housing sales in 70 large and medium - sized cities in january this year , a drop of 0.7 percentage points from the previous month , according to the latest figures released by the national bureau of statistics ( nbs )
the shanghai housing price continued to slide .
the national bureau of statistics ( nbs ) announced on 16 june that the average annual growth rate of housing sales in 70 large and medium cities was 5.1 percent in january , compared with the same period last year . the increase in dalian , huhhot , and haoka exceeded 10 percent . the price of shanghai 's housing sales continued to decline slightly , dropping 0.4 percent compared with the same period last year .
the same period of statistics shows that in the first quarter of last year , the price of shanghai 's housing sales went up by 19.1 percent over the same period last year , and a turning point occurred after that . in the second half of last year , the prices of housing in shanghai declined slightly over the same period last year .
in january this year , the price of newly built housing in 70 large and medium cities increased 6.9 percent year - on - year , a drop of 0.2 percentage points from the previous month .
new residential housing in cities , including dalian 's 18.9 percent , huaxia , haoka , 14.7 percent , shenzhen 's 10.07 % marginal actor , + 1 + 1 + 8 + 4 % compared with the same period last year , and shanghai down 3.1 % .
the central organization department has demanded that more supervision over the selection and appointment of leading cadres and cadres be further strengthened .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the organization department of the cpc central committee recently issued a circular on strengthening the supervision of cadres .
the opinions urged organization departments at all levels to proceed from strict management and care for cadres , and to carry out cadre supervision through examination of the cultivation and education of cadres . they should select and appoint cadres in their daily management , establish and perfect a system for supervising the work of preventing and preventing illegal activities in good time and for correcting problems in a strict manner , and effectively strengthen supervision over leading cadres and the selection and appointment of cadres .
the " opinions " pointed out : the main tasks of the organizational departments in supervising cadres are : first , supervision of leading bodies and leading cadres should be conducted , with the focus on strengthening supervision over the principal responsible persons of leading bodies ; second , supervision over the selection and appointment of party and government leading cadres ; and the focus on supervising and checking the implementation of the " regulations on the selection and appointment of party and government leading cadres . "
in the aspect of supervising the leading bodies and leading cadres , the opinions pointed out that it is necessary to unremittingly do a good job in the education on ideals and convictions and on combating corruption and promoting clean government , and to carry out education throughout the process of training , selecting , and supervising leading cadres to strengthen the party spirit and to persist in building the party as the ruling party for the public and building a strong ideological and moral defense line against corruption and degeneration .
cadres who have been newly promoted should be promoted to leading posts in accordance with the requirements of the party 's discipline and self - discipline .
we should urge leading bodies at all levels to uphold democratic centralism , establish and improve rules and procedures for discussing matters and making decisions , conscientiously implement the system of combining collective leadership with individual responsibility for work .
we should focus on supervision of the principal responsible persons of the leading bodies , and organize ( personnel ) departments responsible for the leading bodies at the lower level to often talk about their minds , understand their mentality , work style , and other situations .
establish and improve the system of day - to - day management and supervision of leading cadres , regularly understand and analyze the ideological and work style of the leading cadres , and put forward views and measures for resolving problems .
and to practice a system of leading cadres ' admonitory talk and letters consultation , and to promptly admonitory talk or letter of inquiry when problems are found to be symptoms of a tendency .
the conspicuous problems of the leading cadres reported by the masses should be seriously investigated and understood , and problems should be criticized and educated in light of the actual circumstances . the problems should be handled by corresponding organizations . those that constitute violations of discipline and law should be handed over to law - enforcement organs .
at the same time , we should integrate the efforts to strengthen supervision with the efforts to encourage cadres to boldly explore and innovate , and pay attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the opinions demanded that the organization ( personnel ) departments at all levels earnestly strengthen the supervision and inspection of the work of selecting and appointing party and government leading cadres .
further improve the system of selecting cadres by nomination , inspection , and discussion of decisions ; strictly implement the system of selecting and appointing cadres ; and provide a good organizational guarantee for keeping the political situation in work .
we should strengthen the inspection of the implementation of the regulations on appointing cadres , and seriously investigate and deal with the behavior of violating the regulations on appointing cadres , and resolutely check unhealthy trends and corrupt phenomena in the appointment of cadres .
we should supervise and inspect the use of personnel in serious violation of regulations , and intensify the supervision and handling of these problems .
establish and perfect the system of investigating responsibility for the work of selecting and appointing cadres , and scientifically define the work of selecting and appointing cadres in accordance with the principle of equality of rights and responsibilities , and clearly define the methods of investigating and affixing the responsibilities for the work of selecting and appointing cadres .
and give full play to the role of mass supervision and establish and perfect a mechanism for handling emergencies and reporting .
give play to the role of supervision by public opinion , and report to the news media at appropriate times on the situation of the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres , and subject them to public opinion supervision .
the opinions pointed out : it is necessary to further improve the mechanism for coordinating the work of supervising cadres .
organization ( personnel ) departments must strengthen coordination with discipline inspection organs , establish a system of supervision and inspection organs in relation to the work of improving the party 's work style and promoting clean government among cadres , and a system of responsibility for this work , so as to enhance the joint supervisory force .
and with discipline inspection organs to conscientiously do a good job in inspection work , improve inspection methods , improve inspection systems , and improve the quality of inspection .
in coordination with auditing organs , the system of auditing the economic responsibilities of leading cadres should be seriously implemented .
we should improve the internal supervision mechanism for the selection , promotion , and appointment of cadres in organization departments .
taiwan authorities charge funds for investing in mainland china in violation of regulations beijing , march 27
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the economic growth rate of the taiwan authorities has been sluggish since the beginning of this year , with the approval of the taiwan authorities ' economic affairs department , the taiwan authorities , the china united electronic joint - stock company , ltd . , which is the 500th new taiwan dollar . this is because the new taiwan authorities provided assistance in participating in the operation of the mainland 's technology and technology company .
taiwan 's chung - kuo shih - pao reported that this was an active management of chen shui - bian 's effective opening up of cross - strait economic and trade policies . after the taiwan authorities imposed penalties on taiwan businessmen 's investment in the mainland , the taiwan authorities said .
according to reports , the taiwan economic ministry investment tribunal said that the unauthorized electric power company was fined because it violated the common regulations governing cross - strait relations and established the business in the mainland 's areas for investment or technological cooperation .
in the future , the voting will be conducted in a direction of the situation in the future , and the former chairman of the united telecommunications company , cao xingcheng , and others will be punished according to the situation .
the operation of the tuantuo project started in february 2005 when the taiwan investigation department mobilized up to 100 people to conduct investigation of the case . several senior officials of the lianhe power company were asked to conduct a surprise check on the residential and office buildings of several senior personnel . they said that the joint - stock company was suspected of investing in the mainland and that the ship technology was illegally providing funds , technology , and manpower resources for illegally providing funds , technology , and manpower resources .
cao xingcheng , who was then the chairman of the board of directors of the united micron , openly said that unicom did not violate any regulations of the taiwan authorities . the provision of the power supply to the ship and technology is for the sake of the long - term interests of the united telecommunications corporation . if the united telecommunications corporation fails to enter the mainland market as soon as possible , it will lose business opportunities .
subsequently , the taiwan authorities ' financial supervision and management committee violated relevant regulations governing commercial information and submitted a report to the united nations electric power company , saying that it had violated the regulations on disclosure of commercial information .
on january 9 , 2006 , the board of directors of the unicom accepted the resignation of cao xingcheng and cao xingcheng was arrested for suspected involvement in investing in the mainland in violation of regulations .
the united microelectronics corp and taiwan 's lucrative circuit company ( called the tsmith of taiwan 's chip yuan yuan kuang ) are the leading hi - tech enterprises on the island .
the taiwan authorities have made a series of investigations and actions against unita over the past year , and this has drawn great attention from all circles on the island .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) second round of chinese territory 's polymer competition offers a new opportunity for chinese worldwide
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the second session of the central committee of the chinese kuomintang ( kmt ) was held in macao on the 17th , and the preparatory committee for the second grand final of the macao special administrative region ( sar ) announced here today
the competition was jointly organized by the macao foundation and the hundred flowers theatre publishing house , " the foreign edition of the distributed literature and the literature , " and the vice chairman of the chinese writers association chen jiangong and others were appointed chairman of the panel .
in 2004 , on the fifth anniversary of macao 's return to the motherland , the macao 's chang jang - wen [ name as transliterated ] competition in my heart was held . the literary enthusiasts at home and abroad responded positively to the competition . the organizing committee received over 8,000 entries . more than 10 award - winning people from home and abroad were invited to the macao sar for the award presentation .
wu zhiliang , executive member of the macao foundation , told a press conference on the 17th that last year , the historic town of macao was listed as a world cultural heritage list , which not only meant that the long - term lifestyle and the pattern of community management of macao people had been affirmed by the people of the world , but also indicated that the chinese nation was able to have different cultures and cultures in macao , and that the macao sar government decided to send a letter to macao
wu said that it is precisely under such a good cultural atmosphere that the macao foundation and the hundred flowers theatrical publishing house " published the foreign edition of the spine " decided to cooperate again and to hold the second tibetan extracurricular contest in my heart , hoping that the participants will demonstrate their patriotic feelings and love of macao through their works .
according to presentations , the " bulletin and sea edition " will open a special column to select entries as soon as the " foreign edition of the distributed text " is completed on 1 september this year .
after the results of the selection were announced , the selection will be held in the macao sar in early 2007 .
shandong successfully implemented a case of heart transplant in infant 's heart
jinan , february 17 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to provide emergency medical treatment to the patients in the jinan military region , which is now under the control of the ministry of health , the ministry of health said here today .
on the 17th , the reporter saw in the center of serious disease that the 51 - day - old baby was red - faced and all the monitoring and inspection indicators were normal , and the operation was smooth and the operation was in the process of playing with interest the medical staff 's toys they bought .
according to the medical doctor who took the medical treatment on the same day , the parents of the family from tai an village in shandong sent them to the hospital . the whole body was green and purple . the difficulty of breathing was overcome . after checking the diagnosis of the cyclical cyclone , and the heart transplantation was required .
the heart transplant operation is the most difficult and most dangerous operation in the heart surgery .
in particular , the children under the age of one year are still living in china .
the liver transplant research institute of the jinan military region organized experts to repeatedly appraise the operation and post - operation custody plans , and conducted a self - innovation on the method of blood - borne costumes and conducted experiments on animal experiments .
at 08:00 on 28 december 2005 , the operation was officially started .
the heart of the body was a man who was suffering from precarious lung and arthritis and breathing .
the operation must be carried out in six blood vessels , which are close to over 510 injections , and the distance between each needle and needle is less than three millimeters .
the operation was successfully completed after 295 minutes .
china to curb coal mine accidents
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the accident occurred in beijing on february 17 when more than 100 people were killed in four accidents in one respect , and the situation of production safety was grim in the whole country , which caused the especially serious accidents such as the coal mine in the whole country to be launched into the most important among all the important tasks of this year 's work of supervising the safety of public security work .
the reporter learned from the state administration of production safety supervision and management on 17 july that in order to effectively check the occurrence of extraordinarily serious accidents , such as coal mines , coal mines are the most important among all the essentials .
the state administration of coal mine safety and the general administration of safety supervision will do a good job in the following three aspects :
the gas descent continued to fight a tough battle .
the gas control project will be completed in the first place this year .
if the mine of kalas does not take off from the mine , then it will order it to immediately stop production .
the key to the reorganization and closing of the shaft areas is still going on .
we should make public the 5243 cases which have been announced to the public , and the more than 700 coal pits reported recently in various localities , one of them , closed down after being closed .
we should regard closing down as a routine work and should continuously close down those enterprises that sabotage the environment for the destruction of resources and polluting conditions without safety conditions .
reinforcing the basic management of coal mine safety .
we must immediately rectify the phenomenon of a small number of large state - owned mines managing their skates and guiding the chaotic small mines in management to establish a standardized security management system .
in particular , we must grasp key state - owned coal mines and absolutely not allow surplus personnel to be produced beyond the intensity of their capacity .
this year 's production safety control index demands that the number of deaths of all types of accidents in the country decreased by 35.5 percent over last year , of which coal mines decreased by 3.5 percent .
the exceptionally serious accident that killed more than 10 people in one accident had to drop by 5-5 percent , of which coal mines had dropped by 7-7 percent .
these control targets have been assigned to the people 's governments at all levels , and all localities are now dividing the grass - roots units and enterprises at various levels .
statistics show that in 2005 , the number of coal mine accidents in china was 5986 , a drop of 0.77 percent compared with the same period last year .
however , the occurrence of an extraordinarily serious accident of more than 10 people being killed in one accident was 66.6 percent higher than the previous year .
( international ) barroso calls for more efforts to compromise in future negotiations
belgrade , february 17 ( xinhua ) the european union ( eu ) has decided to extend its membership in the world trade organization ( wto ) , according to a report from the european commission ( ec ) here today
on the same day , barroso separately met with president seididojiruita serbian representatives of the serbian serbian serbia and montenegro , saying that the parties concerned in kosovo should take a tolerant attitude and establish a democratic and multi - ethnic kosovo , a political organization that respects the government 's ruling regime and protects the rights and interests of ethnic minorities .
he also stressed that the european commission will do its utmost to help kosovo 's development .
barroso also expressed his appreciation for kosovo 's current proposal of eight criteria for the process of kosovo 's democracy put forward by the united nations .
he believed that the implementation of these standards would affect the integration of kosovo and europe .
he also appealed to all serbs in kosovo to join the organizations of kosovo in order to achieve democracy and multi - ethnic integration in kosovo .
barroso arrived in the capital of kosovo on the same day for a one - day visit .
before this , barroso had already visited croatia and serbia and montenegro , and he would also visit macedonia 's bordering country and bosnia - herzegovina .
( winter olympic games , stimulant analysis ) news analysis : the issue of sending a leaf may not be clear .
duan , february 17 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to send a representative to the united states to attend the six - party talks on the korean peninsula nuclear issue
xinhua news agency reporter gao peng and ding ying
although italy has repeatedly issued orders , saying that during the winter olympics , the debris used as stimulant may face the fate of the athletes who used stimulants , but at present , judging from various situations , such a situation is not very likely to occur in this winter olympic games .
the duan winter olympics exploded the first set of stimulants scandals since the opening of the day on 16 july . the u. lev lev was found using banned drug cards .
the international olympic committee announced the following day that sending a leaf to the olympic games had been excluded from the winter olympics . she won two gold medals for the women 's 15 km individual competition in the winter olympics .
the two - day international winter season alliance made a decision to impose a ban on the two - year tennis .
the international olympic committee has all along stipulated that athletes who have been found using stimulants in the olympic games will be cancelled and be deprived of their qualification for the competition , but they will not be subject to legal sanctions .
however , according to italian law , the carrying and use of stimulants by athletes is a criminal act , and the judiciary has the right to directly arrest and investigate the athletes who use stimulants and defy the law .
last december , the international olympic committee and the italian government , after a year of intense debate over the prices of carved oil and raw materials , finally reached an agreement . both sides agreed to handle the issue of cheating on the use of stimulant by athletes during the current winter olympics according to italian law .
with the unremitting efforts of the international olympic committee , italy has made four days before the opening of the winter olympic games , promising that police will not enter the olympic village to search the athletes ' stationed place during the winter olympics . however , the drug - tested athletes will still be subjected to investigation by italian procuratorial organs .
it has been reported that the italian government supervises the dutch winter olympics officials perkins has already sent a young leaf stimulant to the duurin prosecutor .
however , the international olympic committee and petersburg himself have not yet confirmed this .
the russian team is in a team of two teams , an andmmir , revealed at noon on the 17th that they have left turin and returned to their country .
he has worked in the world anti - doping agency for many years , chinese sports officials shi kangcheng maintained that once a child is sent back to china , this matter will eventually be unsettled .
shi said that the international olympic committee and the italian government have made positive efforts to deal with the issue of anti - stimulant for winter olympics , and even if the italian procuratorial organs have really intervened in the matter , the result is also very difficult .
according to the previous practice of italy 's penalties for the use of stimulants against its athletes , the most severe punishment given by the offenders is only two years of imprisonment and the two years of imprisonment were executed .
therefore , senior italian correspondent peterrie said that sending lippa to prison is likely to be thickness and several of them are the ones who have been fined .
pierre also said that although the italian court could hold a absence trial , the italian police could not send the livens back to the country and serve the sentence .
if a leonid refuses to accept the ruling , the italian side will not take her up .
according to a comprehensive report , the new epidemic spot continues to emerge in all countries in the world
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to extend the ban on bird flu in africa , according to a report by xinhua news agency on tuesday .
the world health organization confirmed on the 17th that bird flu has been found in three areas in egypt .
in europe , france also discovered five bird flu viruses for the first time , and europe 's careless efforts and strengthening prevention measures .
the who 's east mediterranean region consultant , hassanal bush , told the press in egypt on the 17th that currently , cairo , jirahet in central egypt , and three areas in mingya , have discovered the disease of 5cmt bird flu virus in southern egypt . relevant departments of the egyptian government have already slaughtered and killed suspected poultry .
egypt is the first country to evacuate migratory birds from the middle east and north africa , and the country is likely to bring bird flu virus into the country , said the expert .
egypt has announced the ban on imports of live poultry from abroad and has strengthened quarantine at border ports .
the bayino bse farm in the capital of aceh has been closed for more than 800 chickens in the past week .
cameroon has decided to suspend all imports from nigeria , where the bird flu epidemic has occurred , and suspend all poultry and pork imports from nigeria , and suspend all poultry and related products trade in all markets along the border between the two countries .
the khartoum government has also built a national epidemic monitoring network covering the entire country within a short time , and the country 's bashad center and the national veterinary laboratory are in an emergency state of readiness to conduct relevant 51.1 cases in a short time .
in europe , denmark and sweden initially ruled out the epidemic on the 17th .
the swedish institute of veterinary studies released a report on the results of the test of the dead swan found on wednesday , indicating that sweden 's geese have not infected with the avian flu virus .
the preliminary results of the danish veterinary administration also showed that the number of deaths of 30 wild geese in denmark has not been infected with the avian flu virus .
however , the agriculture department said denmark would not take it lightly .
the situation in eastern europe has been in a state of emergency since the beginning of this year , and world health organization experts said in bucharest on the 17th that almost all areas in the danube delta region have bird flu , and that it must take seriously the situation , and romania may have to be under constant threat of bird flu in the next three or five years .
in bangladesh , asia , the government has taken all necessary measures to prevent avian influenza .
the government 's domestic and livestock services bureau has provided relevant officials with books on bird flu prevention and also organized poultry keeping personnel to conduct training .
china 's first blood sharing information management system to be held in zhejiang
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the first chinese - owned blood information data management and control network system has been set up in the center and put into operation recently , according to the provincial blood center of zhejiang province .
a relevant person in charge of the blood center of zhejiang province said that this means that any citizen will be able to take blood in any county ( city ) in zhejiang in the future and donate blood without compensation , and there will be a unique code . when he comes to the blood , he will be able to get the relevant code and the personal information he has sent to the relevant human code records and the blood transmitted blood transmitted to the central government for the blood transfusion and other
the person in charge further explained that if the relevant code - named records are imported , the system shows that the insolvency diagnosis has not yet arrived , it will remind the public that it does not meet the blood donor conditions for the blood donation .
this will not only protect the health of the donors themselves , but also effectively protect the health and safety of the users .
in addition , when the blood supply is tight , the donors and their families have the right to give priority to blood use . as long as the valid document of the donor is valid , you can immediately display the blood donor 's information , it is very convenient .
according to a report by hangzhou 's " early morning news " , the information system has now been put into operation at all 36 organs engaged in blood gathering and blood supply in the whole province . the blood resources of all blood transfusion organs in the province can also be real - time manifests , and the data can be shared by the whole province .
to prevent another landslide in the philippines , 11 villages in the philippines urgently evacuated
manila , february 18 ( xinhua ) the 11 southern villages in the eastern philippines have been closed for the first time in a bid to prevent the recurrence of similar landslides in the country , local officials said on the 18th .
the official said the government has decided to impose a ban on the sale of the village houses in the village of the southern province of luisena , a province with a similar nature .
the people of 11 villages that have been evacuated will be resettled in seven evacuation centers .
" the government yesterday ordered the residents to evacuate , and today it sent people to check the villages , because some people did not want to leave their homes , " lyalas said .
the landslide incident occurred in the southern part of the southern province of saint sodium , a village relying on mountain , and the television picture showed that the soil and rocks had already been removed from the village .
since the soil is very thick and humid , the soil buried under the cover can survive .
the number of deaths has been 109 and 57 have been rescued .
according to estimates , the number of deaths caused by the accident may reach as high as 1,800 .
overseas chinese affairs : people in quanzhou , southern fujian province export in first half of this year increased 35.2 percent year - on - year ,
fuzhou , february 19 ( xinhua ) the number of foreign trade exports in quanzhou continued to grow at a high speed in january this year .
according to customs statistics , exports from quanzhou reached $ 330 million in january , the highest in history , an increase of 35.2 percent over the same period last year , which was higher than the average growth rate of the whole province .
according to the analysis of the quanzhou foreign economic bureau , the reason why quanzhou 's foreign trade can grow at a high speed in january is mainly due to the fact that the export enthusiasm of enterprises has risen sharply , the economic operation of quanzhou has been brisk , the business confidence of enterprises has been enhanced , and the highly efficient and smooth foreign trade development environment has been brought into play .
