among the people who were sent to her nuns for investigation , two mobile phones were stolen .
afp , london , june 6 , 2007 ( afp ) the british government announced on the 6th that it will continue to provide assistance to the victims of the attack on the british airways in london .
london 's daily express index pointed out that the two engines , princess diana , were found dead in paris in 1997 , and the two men were injured in the accident . they were seen as a man of the former metropolis chief of the police .
the report pointed out that the incident was triggered by the people 's speculation that the computer might have hiding a computer that was composed of a former metropolis police chief , sir thomas sir . , who was the chief police officer of the metropolis .
however , a man was not allowed to take over the job of the police officer , a police spokesman said .
" the government is committed to the long - term policy of the government of the people 's republic of china and the government of the people 's republic of china , " he said .
the report said that the noisy company was the first police officer to be in charge of the operation in the past 10 days .
a large - scale military exercise took place between january 28 and 29 .
noonia police fired a total of 350 kilograms of heroin , including a total of 1,460 kilograms of heroin , a total of 1,650 kilograms of heroin , a total of 1,660 kilograms of heroin , and a total of 1,650 kilograms of cocaine .
" the government is committed to the use of force against iraq , " said steve thaksin , who has been trailing his concubine for a long time .
the royal coroner 's autopsy , brandy brandy , was ordered to continue to investigate the relevant evidence .
princess diana 's princess diana was born in a hospital in paris on august 31 , 1997 .
france 's police have found a drug trafficker in the country , following two years of investigation .
sri lanka 's battle parties agreed to hold a meeting in geneva in late may to discuss the issue of the peace talks in the latter part of this month .
afp , lula , july 7 , 2007 .
the home - made hostage - takers ' remarks that sri lanka 's battle groups agreed to hold a joint anti - terrorism exercise in geneva on the 22 nd of this month to defuse the possibility of a palestinian state that has lasted for several decades , but has still been stagnated for three years .
norway 's peace envoy solana said at a press conference in london that the peace talks between the two sides were " very successful " .
norway 's embassy in beijing said in a statement that the two countries had a common interest in the conflict , and that the two sides had a long - term relationship of mutual understanding and trust .
the two - day talks will focus on how to strengthen the talks in 2002 in the wake of the cease - fire agreement that will take effect on february 23 , 2002 , and the agreement has not been fully observed by both sides .
norway 's embassy pointed out that garments will discuss how to improve the implementation of the cease - fire agreement , which is also the first time that both sides have held such high - level talks in three years .
sohn said that the united states will continue to lead the norwegian team to participate in the talks , and that the tigers ' four members of the organization of liberating the tigers from barzhan , the sri lankan government , led by minister of health , will lead the army .
he said : the ancient silk road leading to peace is a beautiful scenery .
the key to solving the conflict in sri lanka was to face - to - face talks on the issue of the peace process in japan in march 2003 , but the tamil eelam liberation tigers ' organization cancelled the original plan for the national day of the former seventh round of talks held in thailand in april 2003 .
du lin winter olympics , the olympics open to south and north koreas
afp , italy .
article 20 the winter olympics games are held in dulin today .
south korean women 's gold medal to skin at rock , li po - la , and north korea 's man - made skin skipping competitor han konen were respectively the head of the national team of the two countries , leading south korean team to the north - south korean team to the winter olympics games .
this is the first time that the rok and north korea have held a grand ceremony in winter olympics .
to reflect the latest developments in the two sides ' relations of reconciliation in recent years , the united states has been trying to find a way out for the 2008 summer olympics in sydney and the summer olympics in 2004 .
north korea has not yet taken part in the us - led military exercise in salt lake city .
the korean peninsula was established in 1948 as a state of capitalist rule in south korea and communism .
the south china sea , the north korean leader , announced at a peace summit in 2000 that the two sides had a good relationship .
according to traditional , greek team is the first team to take part in the event of the competition .
the ground owner said that the chinese government has always attached great importance to the safety of the people in the country .
holkerman once said with deep feeling that he was " very happy " to have a good start in the performing arts .
afp , new york , 16 th .
the " shanghai five " , which is recognized as the most promising one , is the first time to win the championship of the oscar - oscar - the " oscar - cooled " of the world - famous movie , the white - collar - shaped " the white - white porcelain " , which has been found to be in a mood of rage .
holkerman said in an interview with cbs that the us government has decided to cut the cost of the 60 th minute news service in the us columbia broadcasting company .
at that time , he was only 20 times , and just from the new york university drama department , he entered the age of five light colorful colorful social , and his daily living rhythm was quickly changed , and finally he was unconscious and he lost his control .
he said in his 22 - year - old year - old age , he had a meal of a drunk and soaphy drugs . he was a good example of his life .
the upcoming third round of six - party talks will be held in november .
in this regard , he was a superb performing skill long ago .
this man , a 38 - year - old actor , said during the interview that if he did not get a good job before his becoming a good name , he would not be able to win the support of the oscar .
he said : he is very envied with those who have been in the 19 th year , suddenly becoming famous , and have become famous .
the avian flu virus is now in europe and the united states .
afp , brussels , 16 th .
the avian flu virus is continuing to spread in europe .
the eu executive committee passed a bill to raise the standards of living standards in the area of the mouth of the virus .
the african countries ' economic and social development , which have been the top - priority in africa , have been affected by the outbreak of the deadly h5n1 virus .
egypt officials are investigating the death of a woman in the southern part of the country .
the european chicken meat market has been affected by the virus , and the large decline in the european union 's executive committee stresses that it is really not justifiable to panic .
the executive yuan is responsible for the health and food safety commission 's quarterly report , which says that the public are concerned about this matter .
following the implementation of the virus previously stipulated , the virus is now in the three - kilometer zone and the 10 - km warning zone .
a man who was unwilling to be named eu member states pointed out that every person was nervous to keep in mind that they would go to europe every day to the evening to handle the aftermath of the disease , and suspected that the outbreak had already broken out .
the european countries have so far received a total of 37,000 polish tunisia , a polyslim sluice in the country , a norwegian serap , and russia 's oil - producing countries in europe .
romania has decided to send more than 300,000 people to the country on saturday , the polish polysler and the german ruisan island .
the italian government has also decided to provide a new home in the southern part of the country with two ducks of bird flu .
the eu officials are now most worried about the imminent entry of africa to the eu .
the two sides agreed to strengthen cooperation in the fields of energy , agriculture , agriculture , agriculture , agriculture , and environmental protection .
the nigerian government announced that all the oil companies that have been infected with the virus were infected with the virus , all the poultry in the area five kilometers away from the farm , regardless of the threat of the virus , all were destroyed .
the neighboring countries of nigeria have announced that the country will enter a state of alert and will allocate 4 million us dollars of emergency plans to monitor and control the situation of nigeria and the border of nigeria .
the newly established state security bureau will be responsible for the disaster and the situation of the disaster and disaster relief efforts in the region , said the newly established national emergency committee .
china 's electronic banking industry management new regulations will be published in the government gazette on 1 march .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 6 ( reporter han jie xu bobo ) - the reporter learned from the china banking regulatory commission that the china banking regulatory commission recently issued a " report on the electronic banking business management " and the " electronic bank security assessment guidelines " to be published in 2006 .
the cbrc spokesman said that according to the management method , the cbrc will provide the relevant examination and approval procedures for foreign - funded financial institutions , namely , foreign banks will be allowed to operate on - line banking business . if they need to increase the new variety of internet banking business , the branch should be responsible for reporting and managing the main report within china .
to standardize the commercial banks ' use of the internet to conduct bank business , in june 2001 , the people 's bank of china formulated and promulgated the " provisional procedures for managing internet banking business . "
the cbrc spokesman said that with the rapid development of the electronic banking business of commercial banks , the provisional procedures have no way of meeting the requirements of the electronic banking risk supervision and management , and the cbrc has formulated two new regulations for this .
according to the cbrc spokesman , the cbrc has made a comprehensive review of the quality of safety assessment institutions , and is different from the requirements of trade entry or enterprise entry qualifications .
only by security assessment can the authority ensure that the relevant conditions and requirements are met , and even if it has not been approved by the cbrc , the financial institution can also invite its personnel to carry out an electronic bank safety assessment . however , it should be managed according to relevant regulations .
the " electronic banking business management method " has a total of nine chapters and 99 articles , which are divided into four categories : applications for changing the operating standards of the microsoft business and transferring the management of the business outside the business of the pboc , management of the cross - border business activities , and supplementary supervision of the management of the market , such as the management of the construction of the xinyu market , the management of the market , and the management of the construction
the " electronic bank security assessment guidelines " consists of five chapters , 57 articles , and five parts are divided into three parts , namely , the general safety evaluation system , the implementation of the management and supplementary provisions for the implementation of the safety assessment system , and others .
the " selected works of mao zedong , zhou enlai , and zhu de , deng xiaoping , on the investigation and study of " mao zedong , " published and published the " selected works of mao zedong , " published and distributed the " selected works of mao zedong , " " the " selected works of deng xiaoping , " " the " selected works of deng xiaoping , " the " selected works of deng xiaoping , " and the " selected works of deng xiaoping , " the " the " selected works of
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 6 , the central party literature research center edited a book entitled " mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , and deng xiaoping on the study of investigation and study " . recently , the central literature publishing house published and distributed it .
to go deep into the realities of life , to conduct investigation and study , to persist in combining theory with practice , and to formulate and implement the correct line , principles , and policies , and to build up the basic experiences of reform under the leadership of the cpc , and to build up the basic experiences and basic methods of reform .
mao zedong thought , zhou enlai , liu qianqi , zhu xianzhi , deng xiaoping , qi qi , and other revolutionaries of the older generation , once made a major decision on the investigation and research issue .
they were investigated and studied in practice and achievements , and they played a positive role in guiding the cause of the party and the people to advance along the correct road .
the " selected works of mao zedong , zhou enlai , and zhu de , deng xiaoping , on the investigation and study of " selected works of three parts : first , the book was written by mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation on the basis of investigation and study , and the second part was mao zedong and other revolutionaries ' expositions on the study of investigation and study , and the third part was a book of mao zedong 's works in the early 1960 s and liu shaom@@
these surveys were mostly conducted by the first public opinion poll .
in addition , there are two articles on the " one country , two systems " policy , which were published by the central leaders in the 1950 s and 1960 s .
russia reiterates its adherence to the one - china stance
xinhua news agency , moscow , february 6 , russian deputy foreign minister alekseyev said here today that russia is willing to further strengthen cooperation with china in the political , economic , and cultural fields .
the two sides also exchanged views on the current situation of the six - party talks and the taiwan issue .
russia 's government has consistently adhered to the one - china principle and firmly supported china 's efforts to realize the great cause of national reunification .
last year , the npc of china passed the " anti - secession law " and russia took the lead in openly expressing support for it .
the two sides also exchanged views on the current situation of the six - party talks , the nuclear issue of the korean peninsula , the nuclear issue of the korean peninsula , the korean peninsula , the korean peninsula , the korean peninsula , the darfur issue , the darfur issue , and other issues .
( overseas - related affairs ) two days ago , the third chinese compatriot was killed in south africa .
xinhua news agency , johannesburg , february 6 ( reporter chen ming ) the fujian provincial government of china announced on the 6 th that the chinese government has decided to send a delegation to the united states to attend the world trade organization ( wto ) summit in johannesburg in the early morning of the 6 th .
according to the statistics of the people 's republic of china , the incident took place in buenos aires northwest of 130 ethnic chinese , and the incident took place in the city of hustin , a city of more than 130 kilometers northwest of burundi .
at that time , the shop owner , lin yixing , was picked up inside the room and was preparing to end a day of business .
at that time , there were three customers in the shop , one of whom was a customer with a handbag , and the other was robbed .
over the past 40 years , lin yixing and the gang have fought in a battle . the gang robbed lin yixing .
the hearing was a scene of the accident .
on 6 february , the chinese embassy in the federal republic of york xu defei , a chinese consulate general in the south african , and the chinese association for friendship with the south african people , including lin changming , vice president of the association of fujian , went to burunan to assist the family of the deceased in handling the aftermath of the incident .
lin yixing became the first of the 36 - hour hijackers to kill the three .
( newspaper selected works of collections ) shanghai , june 29
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 7 , the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau released the report on the 2006 most new hour of wages and guidance for work . several jobs have reached 120 .
according to the statistics of the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau , the number of people in shanghai is still high , and the number of people employed in shanghai is now over one - million .
according to a report by zhongguo qingnian bao , the employment of college graduates and concurrently - term staff is the main part of the personnel of the personnel .
through the study of the " three represents " , the " three stresses " education conducted by the cpc central committee and the state council , which had nearly 8,000 jobs , was conducted directly .
the number of workers who concurrently hold jobs is generally higher , and the proportion of those who are mainly engaged in technical work such as translation , employment , employment , and employment is as high as 81.7 percent , and the proportion of people who are engaged in physical and mental health work is 61.61 percent .
gao said that the high income is an important reason why many people have been engaged in an hour - time job .
according to reports , some posts are expected to increase monthly income by several hundred million yuan , and some of them will be hard to seek , just like the sound of tuning , the monthly income of an hour workers is too high , so the monthly income of more than 2,000 yuan , such as the total amount of money involved in the financial affairs , the siren yi yi yi yi yi yi , etc.
to meet the needs of the people who are interested in expanding their knowledge , they are also the workers who have a part - time job .
for example , in a certain enterprise , the ministry of human resources , mr. gu , has been working on a number of employment opportunities every week to handle the relationship between a certain representative office of foreign businessmen .
gu
as some hours of work are not available , the job market is flexible and free .
the chinese government has never stopped paying any price for the first time , but it has made several important moves in the past few months .
the number of university students , huang , was reduced to less than 10 percent after graduation , and the final job was to be done in a hotel .
the chinese government has always attached great importance to the current work , and has made a great effort to improve the environment for a period of 100 yuan , and now i want to do more .
according to reports , the number of hours has already become a number of people who are currently seeking jobs .
the graduates are working for an hour , mainly focusing on the knowledge and technology capabilities of the students .
the hour works will be completed by the end of the year , such as food promotion , peanut , and others , and the unemployed will be able to get a job at a simple training .
data show that the average number of hours of hours of work personnel was the former unemployed person , accounting for 39.9 percent , of which the proportion of the unemployed in the retail sector was as high as 68.4 percent , and the proportion of the middle - aged and middle - aged people in the catering industry was 58.7 percent , and the number of hours of hours of work became an important channel for the unemployed personnel to find jobs .
wu bangguo stressed in anhui 's work inspection : the state council has attached great importance to the work of inspecting anhui , and has made a series of important instructions on the work of the state council in the new period .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 8 ( reporter : zou shengwen zhou ) - - the standing committee of the political bureau of the cpc central committee , wu bangguo , chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress , stressed during an inspection of anhui recently that it is necessary to take the three important ideas of the three generations of leadership as the guide , persist in taking the scientific development concept as the guide , earnestly implement the central policies , further emancipate the mind , and carry out work
on 6 february , the central discipline inspection commission and the state council general office of the cpc central committee , the state council , and the state council , separately inspected some enterprises in the rural areas , such as liangyu village scientific research institutes and higher education institutions .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui has a favorable geographical position in terms of quality and efficiency , which connects the north and the south , and is an important agricultural region in china .
the province should seize the opportunity of promoting the rise of central china ,
we should sum up the experience in practice in a timely manner , fully rely on the masses , vigorously support reform and innovation , and constantly open up new prospects for the work of anhui .
we should actively promote the building of a harmonious society , persist in integrating the realization of the fundamental interests of the overwhelming majority of the people with the fundamental interests of the overwhelming majority of the people ,
wu bangguo stressed : the chinese government has arrived at a stage where it is necessary to rely more on the enhancement of the ability to make independent innovations and the enhancement of the quality of laborers to promote economic and social development . only by vigorously promoting scientific and technological progress and innovation can we bring about a qualitative leap in the quality of productive forces and push forward economic and social development in a down - to - earth manner .
we should establish and improve as soon as possible a system and mechanism that are conducive to innovation , increase scientific and technological input , encourage patents to invent , develop well - known brand names , speed up the transformation of scientific and technological achievements into real productive forces , strengthen the status of enterprises as the mainstay in independent innovation , and constantly raise the rate of contribution to economic growth by scientific and technological progress .
we should support and encourage technological elements to participate in distribution , establish and improve a system of scientific and technological achievements that reflect their own ability to make innovations , and study and formulate a system of financial and government procurement policies that support independent innovation , so as to form a new mechanism of policy that encourages independent innovation .
we should make a good start in the whole society in cultivating a sense of innovation , and vigorously advocate the spirit of daring to innovate and boldly compete , and strive to create a good atmosphere for talent to come out in large numbers .
wu bangguo pointed out : the role of people 's congresses in administering the country according to law and building a socialist country ruled by law is playing an increasingly important role .
doing a good job of ideological and political work under the new situation , first , we should uphold the correct political direction and unswervingly follow the path of socialist political development with chinese characteristics , and regard upholding the party 's leadership over the people as the masters of the country and governing the country according to law as an organic whole .
second , we should focus on the overall situation of the work of the party and the state , closely focus on major issues in reform , development , and stability , and focus on hot and difficult issues that are of common concern to the people and constantly enhance the practical results of the work of the people 's congress .
third , we should give play to the characteristics and advantages of the people 's congress work , persist in democratic centralism , handle things strictly according to the law , and make decisions collectively .
we should persist in following the mass line , take people as the fundamental , and exercise power on behalf of the people , and be concerned about the well - being of the people and for the interests of the people .
china 's proposal for the next 15 years to study major scientific plans
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 9 ( reporter li xing ) - in order to enhance china 's international competitiveness , china has made great efforts to promote sustainable development and realize a key leap forward . the " outline of the national long - term scientific and technological development program " issued by the state council on 9 february has made four plans for the development of medium - and long - term science and technology .
this four - point major scientific plan is the core of the protestant research project of the standard of the cathedrine control research and development of the anchorage .
the outline points out that the protein science is the most important and most important point in the current fierce contention among developed countries .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on studying major biological systems , such as the re - entry of cocaine , the suicidal group , the susiuki - class , the suicidal structure , and the biomass - synoptic , and the induction - related calculation of biological and system biological biological and biological physics and system biological and protein the human nature of the protein .
the outline also holds that the quantum adjustment and control research is of great and far - reaching significance , and it is possible that the research will have a far - reaching impact on the development of human society and economy in 2030 .
china must focus on studying the characteristics and laws of the carrier and regulation of the standard of measurement communication , calculate the measurement , and make limited use of the new standard of the system of limited - based scissors , and regulate and control the means of measurement and the new principles and new technology for measurement .
in addition , the outline points out that nanotechnology has become a new growth point for many countries to enhance their core competitiveness and is also a key factor for china to achieve a leapfrog development .
in the next 15 years , china will continue to make great efforts to develop its economy , including nanometer materials , and will continue to improve its quality and efficiency .
china 's population growth rate is large , and its birth defects are many , and the organs for transplanting are seriously in shortage . the aging peak is imminent . therefore , it is urgently necessary to study a breakthrough in the theory of reproductive and development and technological innovation .
according to the program , the number of young people in china will be reduced by a large margin in 2006 - 2020 , and the proportion of the population of the fertility will be increased by a large margin .
shanghai 's real estate price rose by nearly 7 percent last year , and the rate of increase was nearly 7 percentage points .
xinhua news agency , shanghai , february 9 ( reporter huang ting ) - - the state 's policy for the real estate industry in 2005 will be adjusted in shanghai , with remarkable results .
according to the latest survey , the number of people who were killed in the construction of the shanghai real estate industry was quite high last year , or a slight increase was slow .
among them , the prices of residential housing rose by 2.7 percent from the previous year .
shanghai 's bureau of statistics , pan jianxin , recently said at a press conference that the average annual growth rate of the average sales price of the residential housing in shanghai is 66.98 yuan / square meter , up 313 yuan over 2004 .
the annual average price of housing for the whole year was 9.225 percent higher than in the previous year , and the rate of increase was 6.6 percentage points lower than that for the same period last year .
the total amount of real estate industry was 67.0.223 billion yuan , an increase of 24.1 percent over the previous year .
in the financial institutions ' loans , the proportion of the personal mortgage loans was 26.493 percent , and the proportion of the new mortgage loans was only 9.4 percent , while the increase in 2004 was only 24.4 billion yuan .
ban said that the chinese government has always attached great importance to the development of the real estate market in shanghai , and has been taking a positive attitude toward the price of the housing market .
the statistics also showed that the number of people who were killed in the disaster was more than one - third of the total , according to the latest data .
in 2005 , the total number of housing sales was 26.5 percent higher than that of the previous year , and the rate of increase fell 6.2 percentage points from the previous year .
according to him , the number of shanghai 's public security organs completed the amount of property development investment was 124.686 - billion yuan , up 6.1 percent from the previous year .
sales area was 3158.879 million square meters , down 9.555 percent .
the total amount of commercial sales was 21.163 billion yuan , up 27.5 percent from the previous year .
the two light aircraft crashed into a private car in new zealand and crashed into the sea .
xinhua news agency , wellington , february 9 , two new zealand light aircraft crashed into the sea near the north of the capital of wellington on the 9th .
according to local civil aviation departments , the accident took place in the city of kabul , where two pilots were from the west of maxi university .
the accident took place at about 10 : 00 a. m . ( 0930 gmt ) when two planes were flying in a non - air control zone . according to regulations , the pilots should be responsible for the navigation and security of the aircraft .
a man who was injured at the scene of the incident told the new zealand media that the plane collision was a " serious accident " and that he was not sure whether the plane was flying at a fast speed .
another one is a witnesses .
at present , the plane collision has not been caused by the accident , and the local civil aviation department will conduct an investigation on this .
( overseas - related affairs ) argentina 's overseas chinese and ethnic chinese strongly condemned chen shui - bian 's remarks on taiwan independence , saying that taiwan independence elements are breathing and breathing and taiwan independence elements are worried about chen shui - bian 's remarks .
xinhua news agency , buenos aires , february 8 ,
the statement said that chen shui - bian 's speech at a news conference on 29 january , which declared that he would abolish the national unification committee and the national unification guidelines , which were mainly aimed at raising the taiwanese independence elements to a higher level .
the two sides of the strait have expressed their hope for peace and the desire of taiwan compatriots for peace and stability .
the statement pointed out : firmly opposing and containing any words of thought about taiwan independence , safeguarding the unification of the peace and stability in the taiwan strait , and still being the common aspiration of compatriots on both sides of the strait and the people of chinese origin around the world .
the statement stressed that argentina 's china 's association for promoting peaceful reunification is willing to join hands with all political parties and organizations from both sides of the strait to uphold the one - china principle and to resolutely oppose any form of taiwan independence , including the gaoja [ name as transliterated ] , and to actively promote china 's peaceful reunification .
china 's experts : us preaching of china 's military threat is nothing but a groundless accusation .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 9 ( reporter li xueliang ) - - - a report by the us pentagon recently submitted to congress a report on the " four - year defense assessment " to the congress that china is a most influential country in the world , which may pose a threat to the united states ' military challenge .
experts believe that this is a major contribution to china 's normal national defense construction .
the " four - year defense assessment report " is the first report on the national defense guidance of the pentagon .
this report , which has long been 92 pages , is used in three parts to discuss the issue of china 's military strength and the us response that the united states should take , and it has been mentioned in 15 reports directly on china 's rise or fall of the two major chinese - made and chinese - style dialects .
china 's military academy of military sciences [ cas ] is a research institute of world military affairs , said yao yunzhu , who has repeatedly expressed similar views in the past , but this is the first time that the united states has proposed a cut - off device in the report on the national defense strategy , which is the most likely to pose a military challenge to the united states .
the " report " was first unequivocally transmitted to india 's china , a rising strategic opponent , and especially the united states , to china , a country with a population of 1000 , which is the so - called military threat of china , and a country with more concern about the issue of concern .
china 's military academy of military sciences [ cas ] research fellow peng guangqian said .
what merits attention is that the united states has made clear its stance on the taiwan issue in its " four - year defense evaluation report " on the same day that the us president bush also submitted the report to congress on the fiscal year 2007 , of which the national defense budget has reached $ 43.9 - billion .
the united states is now trying to use the iraq war to contain the united states .
mr pang said that the us guesses the statue of the u . s . threat of the u . s . military builders the consistent style of the u . s . military bases in the south , and their real purpose is to obtain more national defense funds and to gain more profits for the us munitions industry .
experts say that compared with the us arms sales , the us military spending is more than $ 2 billion , and china 's national defense spending is quite limited .
zeng qinghong , member of the political bureau of the cpc central committee and vice chairman of the central military commission , said that the chinese people have been able to achieve a great leap in national defense in the early 1990 s , along with the development of the economy .
the official data show that in 2004 , the number of people who were killed in the war was more than half of the national financial expenditures for the same period .
in 2005 , china 's national defense spending was $ 24.656 - billion , an increase of only a considerable portion of the us national defense spending , and the per capita military spending is only about one - third of the us 's total , while the military 's per - capita military spending is about one - third of the us military 's total .
the united states ' national territory and the chinese territory are very limited .
mr pang said that the government had been working closely with the government .
china 's arms control and disarmament association research department director teng jianqun said that the us side should objectively evaluate china 's military construction , and china 's peaceful development is not meant to imply that china and the united states will strengthen military cooperation in the future .
the " 2004 china international aviation and aerospace exhibition " says that china firmly supports the path of peaceful development and is implementing a defensive national defense policy .
china has been and is not at present , and will not pose any threat to any country .
so far , china has not made any progress in establishing a military base in any other country , nor has it sent out military bases to other countries .
professor li yihu of the international relations institute of beijing university said that the two countries should further strengthen their cooperation in the fields of communications and exchanges through the already established channels .
( winter olympic games )
xinhua news agency , dublin , february 9 ( reporter ding ying ) the third session of the 20th winter olympics opened here today .
on 9 july , duling winter olympic committee organized a preparatory committee to report to reporters ahead of schedule the brilliant arrangements for the opening ceremony .
the opening ceremony , the organizing committee chairman carlos , said that the meeting was full of confidence , and he was very pleased at the press conference .
he said : on 10 april , the evening of 10 april will be a very night . at that time , the 350,000 viewers and the world 's 20,500 television stations will be together with the viewers of around 20 - million television .
the emotional fire was flocked into the sky .
italy 's well - known designer amani said in a special interview with the chinese television that italy 's famous fashion brands , mozambique , will be the first to be given to the athletes ' attendance .
however , the famous italian men 's basketball pavara will be present at the opening ceremony .
8 men who can take a spray were rushed to the scene to attend the olympic games .
the organizing committee official said that this is the first time that they have performed at the opening ceremony .
the question of how to ignite the torch is a question that the organizing committee has not disclosed in advance , but as long as 57 meters of the main torch will be lighted and the nearby aleras and alps will be held on the alps hill .
( international ) white house announces bush 's plan to visit iraq in march
xinhua news agency , washington , february 9 ( reporter zhao yi ) - - the us white house spokesman mcclellan said on the 9th at a press conference that although the blasphemy of islam 's prejudice of mohammed mohammed has triggered a strong reaction in the islamic world , bush 's continued efforts to promote the peace process in the middle east in accordance with the plan .
mcclellan said that the bush administration is looking forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he also said that the current plan is to provide a good opportunity for the visit .
mcclellan said that the two countries have been working together to promote the peace process in the region .
this year , the bush administration announced at the white house that it will not be able to achieve any results in the talks .
bush also said that the united states would continue to provide pakistan with aid at the invitation of the pakistani and indian governments in march .
( international observation ) the hamas organization 's efforts to form a cabinet to seek a breakthrough
xinhua news agency , lamala , february 9 ( reporter : international observation ) the hamas cabinet is seeking to break through the barrier of the cabinet to seek a breakthrough in the palestinian - israeli conflict , a palestinian official said here today .
xinhua news agency , beijing , nov. 24 ,
the palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) has won the legislative committee election and won the election .
the hamas will take the road of what new policies will directly affect the relevant parties in the peace process .
at the same time , the us and israel 's boycott attitude has also added new variables to the prospects of the hamas government .
at present , all parties in palestine are stepping up consultations to hold a comprehensive discussion on the issue of forming a cabinet which involves the future development of the situation .
( subtitle ) the premier post is a job that is left with the money that is left by the premier .
the hamas has won the election of a cabinet , and some people in the outside world are worried that hamas 's prime minister might be linked with the current supreme leader abbas .
and , as the chinese president , who is visiting egypt , said , " we are not only in the middle of the palestinian people but also in the middle east . "
the united states and israel have clearly expressed their refusal to accept a hamas government that has the power to hold the real power and threatened to interrupt the economic aid to palestine and handed over taxes to palestine .
however , this does not mean that hamas is not in a flexible strategy .
according to reports , in order to maximize the international recognition , the united states recently gathered in egypt to hold a meeting of the palestinian leaders to elect the independent palestinian candidate , the iaaf board chairman , jaber jaafari , as the new prime minister .
this is the first time that the relevant parties have made a response .
the palestinian analysts , hussein , said that no matter how high the prime minister 's position is , the most crucial thing is that the candidate for the prime minister should be reduced as much as possible , and the worst frame of hamas 's hard - line position can only be guaranteed .
( subtitle ) the power is distributed to the people , and the question of how to distribute power is a question of how to distribute power .
from the internal perspective , hamas has formed a cabinet , and the biggest challenge facing it is the lack of sufficient experience in governance .
the palestinian " sunshine " said in its analysis that the hamas has been able to achieve its goal of securing its own interests through social welfare projects , but it lacks experience in governing and is also in keeping with the palestinian national liberation movement ( fatah ) , which has its experience in ruling .
the hamas ' election will be a major event in the palestinian - israeli conflict , which has been the focus of the arab - israeli conflict .
the french government has been trying to make a decision on whether to enter the cabinet .
according to the source , the central authorities have been making efforts to resolve the issue of the palestinian - israeli conflict , and have been trying to bring about a political solution to the palestinian - israeli conflict .
even though the united states has not yet established a formal relationship with fatah , it is still too early to say that it is not easy to make any decision on the issue of the allocation of cabinet posts .
in addition , another man was killed in the legislative yuan .
according to reports , hamas also designed a new security council , which is a clean - type government , but the specific list is unfounded .
in view of the fact that the united states and israel have different attitudes and technical experts , the us government has no choice but to form a cabinet to reduce external pressure .
according to the palestinian basic law , the palestinian people will be allowed to enter the palestinian national authority after the new legislative committee takes office on 16 june .
( subtitle ) the armed forces should be armed .
the hamas ' weapons and equipment are the first to be built up in the new government .
the united states and israel have a very tough attitude and resolutely demanded that hamas abandon violence and reject the use of armed rifles .
the hamas leader mahathir stressed on the 9th that the armed resistance was the result of the organization 's strategy of becoming a crack of the mouth .
the armed forces are actually included in the legality of weapons and the armed forces ' ownership of the armed forces .
the hamas has been trying to win the election through democracy and freedom .
the hamas once proposed that all factions be unified , and that the palestinian national authority be the main force of the people , but it did not receive extensive response , and it was also met with strong opposition from the palestinian islamic jihad ( jaaf ) .
the palestinian authority has 60,000 troops in the region , and the majority of them are from the fatah camp .
and , in addition , fatah and some other organizations have been loosed in their organizational relations , such as the yaakarta martyrs brigades , the qala class , the hawks of the guantanamo .
the group of government officials responsible for the formation of the cabinet must hold talks with abbas on how to manage these armed forces that are run by each other , and rationally distribute security management powers .
according to local media , the abbas intends to be in charge of security and intelligence units , police and civil air defense organizations , but the new government will be returned by the interior ministry .
however , all parties have still reached a consensus on this sensitive issue , and so far there has not been any further progress .
china 's first publication of the polar observation report
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 10 ( reporter li jianmin ) - chinese national oceanic administration recently released the " 2005 china polar observation and control report " , which was the first time in china to conduct extreme scientific expeditions over the past 20 years .
the " report " comprehensively reflects the new situation and new tasks in china 's polar scientific research activities in 2005 .
according to the " report , " the total number of people who were killed in the explosion was 2,215 ( beijing time ) on 9 january 2005 , and the number of people who were on the southern pole in china was 2,500 .
the chinese government has been making efforts to improve the quality of the chinese people 's life and improve the quality of the chinese people .
the national oceanic administration ( soa ) said that the country 's marine resources are growing rapidly .
the " report " shows that in 2005 , the number of chinese women in the 21st south pole was 2,958 , and the number of chinese scientists and technicians who were on the inspection was 1,5110 .
in october of the same year , the 22 nd china - antarctic expedition team left shanghai and went to the antarctic middle hill to conduct the scientific examination . it will be held in shanghai in late february 2006 .
as the chinese government has for the first time issued the polar observation report , the " 2005 china land survey report " is a very important document for the first time in the 1980 s .
according to the " report , " in 1983 , china formally joined the " nanpolar treaty " and became a major component part of the antarctic treaty organization and successively became a member of the committee for consultations on the establishment of the antarctic treaty and consulting the antarctic science committee , the first of its kind , the council of the nantan polar bureau , and other influential member states .
in 1997 , china became the first country in the history of the arctic and won the first place in the world in polar affairs .
the " report " points out that over the past 20 years , china 's extreme - geophysical observations have never been in place , and the initial - witted ones have formed a three - storey boat , a carrier sansu , a carrier of the south pole , a carrier of the south pole , which is composed of three poles , and a long - distance pole of the south pole in february 1985 . the south pole , in july
the " report " points out that by 2005 , the number of china 's " falungong " organizations has been sent to 22 antarctic scientific research institutes , mainly composed of tangerine - shaped suckans - - - the north pole - polytechnic polytechnic polytechnic polytechnic station , and more than 3,000 people have visited the huang he , and more than 3,000 of the national teams have been visited the site in person to the north pol@@
the current situation is still in the process of building the third antarctic observation station , and is also the first antarctic inland inland observation station in china .
sun zhihui said :
the " falungong " organization has been working hard for more than 20 years , and china 's polar exploration cause has been growing in the world 's polar exploration .
he said .
sun zhihui disclosed that the chinese government will continue to issue an extremely important book on the polar world every year .
( overseas - related affairs ) castro meets with chen zhili beijing , june 22
xinhua news agency , havana , february 10 ( reporter zhou gang ) cuba 's state council chairman castro met with visiting chinese vice premier wu yi and his wife wang yi , who are currently on a visit to cuba , on the 10th . both sides expressed their willingness to constantly strengthen mutually beneficial cooperation in education , science , technology , and other fields .
castro warmly welcomed president chen zhili and state councilor to visit cuba .
he said that cuba and china have a very friendly relationship and high - level visits have been frequent , which has effectively promoted and strengthened the friendship and mutual understanding between the two sides , and he expressed the hope that the two countries will continue to deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in various fields , including education , science and technology .
chen zhili said : the cuban people are the first latin american and caribbean countries that have an important influence .
the two countries have maintained frequent contacts and exchanges in various fields .
cuba is the first country to establish diplomatic relations with new china .
after entering the new century , the two countries have witnessed a series of important achievements in the development of their political mutual trust , which have been constantly deepened and expanded by the two countries ' leaders .
she believed that under the joint efforts of both sides , the friendly relations between china and cuba will certainly be established more fruitful .
chen zhili also pointed out that china 's government has always attached importance to its relations with cuba in the field of education .
in recent years , the two countries have been increasingly frequent exchanges of education , and frequent personnel exchanges .
china has actively supported the cuban side 's international activities to promote the development of the western region , and has sent delegations to attend the previous world higher education conference and the 2005 illiteracy conference .
cuba 's infrastructure construction is not only in the interests of the people of cuba , but also in the interests of the people of the two countries .
chen zhili said : the chinese and cuban people have made important progress in scientific and technological research and development , and can further promote the development of the two countries ' economic and trade cooperation through cooperation in various fields .
the chinese side has helped some cuban scientific research equipment , hoping that they could make a contribution to cuba 's scientific research and production .
she also briefed castro on the chinese government 's strategy for rejuvenating the country through science and technology and the national science and technology congress .
chen zhili made the above remarks at the invitation of the cuban government on 9 february local time .
in this period , the chen zhili met with the cuban high school of education minister viliat vaile and inspected the havana university 's database on the 21st of the university of miahailano and the st mary laiya elementary school .
beijing , ha road accident
xinhua news agency , harbin , february 11 ( reporter liang shubin ) - - on the evening of 10 february , the 58 - kilometer - long section of the beijing - ha highway was hit by a traffic accident , and a car was leaked out , resulting in a section of some sections of the road being closed .
according to the official in charge of the traffic police unit of the shuangcheng city public security bureau , the explosion took place at 58 kilometers in the beijing - ha highway at 23:00 on 10 april . a private car with a pear - shaped sedan and a oil tank collided with the vehicle . the fuel tank was leaked and the waste oil tank sealed on the road .
according to reports , the oil tank is equipped with a large quantity of oil and gas , which is equipped with botanical oil .
the waste disposal ordinance ( cap ) , which is very dense and is afraid of the past vehicle 's danger of flowing into the vehicle , has already removed the road at the scene of the accident .
harbin to shuangshuang road in the direction of shuangcheng , many vehicles bypassed .
at present , relevant departments are screening the scene , and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
( hong kong , macau , taiwan ) and chung po alumni announced here today that the three polysler - class enterprises in italy , which have been listed in the stock market , had become listed in the stock market in italy .
xinhua news agency , hong kong , february 11 , the hon. lusheng announced on the 11th that the extension of the national day 31-3 - class telecommunications business in italy has been listed on the list .
and huang group general manager , mr huo jianning , said that although the three poles in italy have been confirmed by all the relevant regulatory bodies , due to the lack of procedures for listing in the market in the next few weeks , the time is too short .
at the same time , the current situation in europe 's telecommunications market is weak , and the market may not be able to provide the 3g polymer of italy at this moment .
in view of the fact that the shareholders have the greatest interests to take into account , the decision to delete the listing of the stock market .
as for when to recruit another stock market , mr. huo said that it is necessary to consider the future future development of the european telecommunications market .
he believes that , from now on to the next step , the stock market has become the largest in italy , which needs to be carried out in a wide range of investors ' educational activities , so that the global telecommunications investment market can more clearly understand the strong performance and good prospects of the three northeastern italian top ten .
another source from the media said that three italian women , one polo , and two women , were killed in the accident .
( overseas - related affairs ) china , myanmar sign trade agreement
xinhua news agency , yangon , february 12 , by wire ( reporter yunfei zhang ) - chinese ambassador to myanmar zhang wulong and economic and trade counselor tang haihai , accompanied by myanmar prime minister shao huayong on the eve of his visit to china on the 14th , said that the economic and trade relations between china and burma are rich in content and are developing in a good trend of mutual benefit and benefit .
the management committee of the chinese government has been working hard to promote the development of the relations between the two countries on the basis of the five principles of peaceful coexistence , and the exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been expanding and deepening day by day . the economic and trade relations between the two countries have been expanding and strengthening .
tang hai - juan said : the two countries ' top leaders have maintained mutual visits , which have effectively promoted the development of economic and trade cooperation between the two countries .
in 2004 , the two countries ' high - level visits will be held in beijing in october this year .
he said : the year 2004 is 11.4 billion yuan , and the year 2005 will be 12.093 billion us dollars , of which 9.8 billion us dollars will be exported by china , and 2.747 billion us dollars will be imported .
last year , the volume of bilateral trade between china and myanmar was $ 39.2 billion , up 26.7 percent .
tang hai - hai said that myanmar has become china 's largest trading partner in the country 's contractual engineering work , and china 's investment in myanmar is expected to increase by a large margin , including the xicheng bridge and the xianjun textile plant , the sugar - coated factory , the shaandi mudong mi factory , etc.
china 's enterprises have made great progress in their construction and business in myanmar , which has brought along the development of the export of all types of machinery and electrical products in china . myanmar has become an important market for china 's export of complete sets of equipment and machinery .
according to statistics from the chinese customs , in the past five years , the export of machinery and electronic products has accounted for more than 45.5 percent of china 's total export to burma .
tang jiaxuan 's visit to the united states was a major event in the history of china - myanmar relations .
he expressed the hope that chinese enterprises will have a long - term view , learn to avoid risks , and make prudent decisions , and establish a good image of enterprises and take the project to ensure quality and ensure the quality of the project as scheduled , so as to win glory for the country .
the management committee of the hong kong and macao affairs office of the state council held that premier wen 's forthcoming visit to china will further promote the development of bilateral relations this year .
it is expected that the two sides will sign several agreements on economic and trade cooperation during the visit .
the world bank plans to reduce or waive the debt of poorest countries
xinhua news agency , moscow , february 11 , the world bank president wolfowitz said in moscow on the 11th that the world bank will completely dismiss the poorest countries by the middle of this year .
wolfowitz said in moscow that he was " very pleased " to meet with chinese and foreign ministers who came to attend the g - 8 finance ministers ' meeting in moscow on the same day .
he said at the press conference that the united states and china should continue to make efforts to resolve the issue of debt relief by july 1 , and that the world bank is now completing all technical work .
last year , the world bank donated the country completely free of 28 unconditional debts owed by 28 countries and expressed that it would provide assistance to the relevant trust funds .
the international monetary fund ( imf ) 's creditor 's rights are relatively small , and the organization has increased its debt - reduction program from the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz 's visit to russia was not only a success for 16 african countries , but also a major contribution to the development of the african countries .
gao qingqing made the above remarks when he was becoming mainstream in the united states .
xinhua news agency , new york , february 12 ( reporter fan xiaolin ) - with the high resolution , the new york stock market , which is mainly the mouth of the sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp eyes , has been declining and expanding , and the us television transmission agency has also stepped up its efforts to introduce a corresponding high - definition television program .
the new leader of the us - made super - high - standard olmert club , who just ended , has become a top - priority event for american broadcasting industry to greet the television - high - definition era .
according to a report by the financial times , the us congress recently passed a bill to grant china permanent normal trading relations [ pntr ] .
this means that the us television program will broadcast a comprehensive digitized program .
gao zhipeng , a high - resolution digital television , has to rely on the purchase of television sets by consumers , on the one hand , on the other hand , on the other hand , on the need to provide high - definition digital programs by producing agencies .
the digital television programme is a new type of tv - like interactive and interesting , but it has not been a reality for the past few years .
this issue is a very serious problem this year .
according to the us consumer electronics association 's forecast , the number of digital television sets in the united states will be the first time this year that is more than traditional tv sets , while the number of digital television sets is 85.5 percent .
japan 's researchers have developed a new type of highly efficient kidney - building system for highly - efficient people
xinhua news agency , tokyo , february 13th , by reporter zheng qian
according to a report by the " sunshine industry " recently , the newly developed biomass - powered kidney is mainly composed of two parts , and some are used for transferring the filtration of blood from the fertilizers and the water surface , and some are from the pine pond , which is composed of the original module of the pond , the diving , and amiaces , etc. , which can retake place through the
the chinese people have been killed in the breast cancer and the mystery of the mystery of the mystery of the cave - beam .
this kind of skins can make the number of blood transfusions caused by the disease of the disease , the white - hot bread , and the mystery of the breast cancer , which is the result of the substitution of the suitcase , into the aminate and the blood , and at the same time , it can also make the glacier of the glucose , which is essential to his body , and the sugar , which can enter
the previous practice of " human beings " relying on lever transmissions is not only a manifestation of the " human - made " system , but also a process of using the system of ammonia and other elements to return to the blood .
the researchers used the mountain goats to conduct biomass - based kidney transplant experiments , and the human - made mid - air silk wall used pigs in the middle - air wire .
the two - week long study conducted a survey by researchers to confirm the cremation of the kidney .
at present , they are developing and using human kidney cells .
china electric power production safety is still facing a severe challenge
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 13th , by reporter peiyong wang
the state administration of radio , film , and television , shi yubo , vice chairman of the national electricity industry safety committee , said at the fifth meeting of the national electricity safety committee held here that china 's overall coal production safety in 2005 was stable and that it was a complete success of the power industry 's work to meet the peak of summer , and a major breakthrough was made in the development of the power industry in the new century .
however , he pointed out that with the increase in power supply and demand and the great number of new power generating units successively put into operation , the work of safe production of electric power will face new challenges .
these challenges include :
" the government has been working closely with the government to ensure that the power industry is able to achieve a balance between the power supply and demand , " said shi yubo , director of the state administration of radio , film , and television .
in view of the situation in the work of safe production of electric power in 2006 , shi yubo said that it is necessary to further strengthen the basic work of safe production of electric power , speed up the establishment and improvement of the mechanism for emergency management of electric power safety , and enhance the ability to deal with sudden incidents , strengthen coordination and cooperation of power plants , and jointly safeguard the safety of the power system .
it is reported that in connection with the new situation in the management of electric power safety , the power supervision and control committee will make a special effort to carry out the " provisional regulations on investigating electric power production accidents " that have been promulgated this year . at the same time , relevant departments such as the safety of the dam of the hydropower station and the safety protection of the second system of power stations will issue the " provisional regulations on the safety of power stations . "
in 2005 , china 's total social electricity consumption will reach 24.6899 billion kilowatts , an increase of 13.455 percent over the same period last year .
in the face of the situation of power supply and demand , the situation of power supply is still rather tight , and the contradiction of coal , electricity , and oil transportation is conspicuous . all power enterprises have taken effective measures to strengthen the management of equipment . last year , the national power production did not have an extraordinarily serious equipment accident .
the case of a 74 - year - old grid in power grid was reported on the same day , and the number of equipment accidents was 4,278 , a decrease of 1,322 .
south african ambassador to china kelly said south africa does not have a population of ethnic origin , which is mainly directed at chinese citizens .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 13th , by reporter jiankang wang
he also said that the south african government will do its utmost to crack down on all kinds of criminal activities .
the government will continue to provide assistance to the south african people , who have been killed in the war , said the spokesman .
since the beginning of 2006 , the number of people in china has been reduced by four to eight times , and the chinese world has expressed its extensive concern over this .
china 's foreign ministry has lodged solemn representations to south africa over this issue and reminded chinese citizens in south africa to further enhance their awareness of security and precautions , and the two countries ' cooperation in unity and cooperation in cracking down on criminal activities jointly by the police .
the chinese government has always been concerned about the situation of the victims and has made unremitting efforts to improve the living conditions of the affected people .
the government will continue to work closely with the international community to ensure the safety of the chinese people , said paal .
according to the chinese embassy in south africa , the south african police have successfully cracked the case of the chinese fujian woman chen jian who died in south africa on 5 february , and a suspect was already arrested .
at present , the police are hunting another man who is suspected of the crime .
another source from south african embassy in china revealed that on january 1 this year , the us military intelligence agency ( cia ) arrested the criminal suspects of shooting and killing hong kong businessman .
in discussing the issue of the chinese citizens ' assassination , jiang zemin said : the chinese government has always attached importance to these incidents .
according to a press report by the tourism commissioner of the south african embassy , the embassy only received a total of 1,658 people in the first 15 days of this year , of which more than 2,000 were from south africa .
another source from the chinese official said that the number of south african children in 2005 was still high , and the number of chinese women was increasing to a new high .
the volume of bilateral trade reached $ 72.7 billion , up 23.7 percent over the same period last year .
however , the tourism sector is of the view that the number of tourists who have traveled in china for four consecutive years in 2004 has had a negative impact on the number of chinese tourists to south africa .
according to south african tourism bureau , the number of tourists to south africa in the first half of 2005 was 2031 , with an increase of 14.9 percent over the same period last year .
at present , the number of chinese living in south africa is about 200,000 .
a report by analysts here said that the gap between the rich and the poor in south africa , the high unemployment rate , and the unchecked spread of guns , and the threat of death penalty , so the crime rate is still high .
as many chinese do not understand english , they have a different identity with their families .
( hong kong , macau , taiwan ) hong kong promotes english learning and training
xinhua news agency , hong kong , february 13th , by the hong kong sar government , the china zhi gong dou - chair , launched a new scheme on the 13th to enable more serving people to raise their english standards .
this is the first time that the chinese people have learned english and the bumper life has been devoted to the theme , including a series of promotional activities , in promoting the learning and training of workplace english , and in order to enable employers to better understand the importance of helping employees to upgrade their english standards .
as of now , the scheme has already been funded by nearly 25,000 people to complete the workplace english training courses , which will enable them to meet the requirements of the relevant working class in hong kong .
issued by the hong kong workplace english campaign is a major event launched by the sar government in 2000 .
the vocational english campaign ( iela ) is an important project for the provision of english training scheme .
the scheme aims to help the elderly in need of employment through english .
hebei aids prevention and treatment center opens free of charge
xinhua news agency , shijiazhuang , february 14 ( reporter : dong zhiyong ) - hebei provincial health department recently formulated and issued a " report on the work of voluntary consultation and testing of aids in hebei province " ( trial implementation ) , which clearly stipulates the implementation of free and voluntary medical testing and monitoring of aids , and hopes to find the greatest possible spread of aids among the infected and patients and further implement preventive measures and measures to prevent aids from interfering with aids and preventing aids from interfering with
the " plan " explicitly stipulates the responsibilities of the people 's government of hebei province for voluntary consultation and inspection : the work of aids prevention and treatment and consultation is free of charge , and the work of aids prevention and treatment and consultation is voluntary and voluntary , and the work of monitoring , monitoring , and keeping aids resistant and confidential , and is not directed to the relevant persons of the advisory committee ;
the " plan " calls for the establishment of a system for the testing of aids to provide assistance to the consulting personnel , so as to provide assistance to the protection of privacy of the consulting personnel , so as to carry out one - on - one consultation .
the state of the union counters should take into full consideration the personal quality , the quality of the laborers , and the ability to exchange .
to protect consulting firms , the government has also provided assistance to the public in the form of a code or a written number of identification cards .
the " plan " also requires that the leading cadres at and above the county level should , in the local main media , publicize the situation of the province undertaking the voluntary free medical and health system for aids free - of - charge , and provide consulting and telephone calls to facilitate the masses to understand relevant information .
the ministry of public security has given an explanation of the fact that extorting confessions by torture is still a key point of work .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 14 ( reporter mna ) the ministry of public security 's deputy commissioner of police , zheng baikang , said at a press conference held by the ministry of public security on the 14th that the so - called concentration of unsuitable methods for criminal suspects to admit their crimes is an extremely dangerous situation in china .
the inspectors ' work is also focused on the prevention of these problems .
he also pointed out that some international organizations have not yet expressed their opinions on the law enforcement situation of the chinese police .
the ministry of public security issued the latest information on 14 july , indicating that the ministry of public security has successively issued the " opinions on the implementation of detention measures by public security organs " to stipulate the " interim procedures on the use of continuing interrogations " and has thus better ensured the smooth implementation of the basic level public security organs ' application of interrogation according to law .
in 1997 , in order to further promote the construction of three key projects ( namely , curbing the interrogation of confessions by torture , and curing the abuse of firearms and police force , the national public security organs ' police force has persisted in going deep into the police force , the armed police force , the armed police force , and the public security supervision and control center , and other basic - level units , to inspect the law enforcement on the spot , and to ensure the citizens
to make a good job of preventing law enforcement at the source , police inspectors have extended their enforcement inspection to law enforcement inspectors , and stepped up their efforts to inquire about the application of pyramid 110 , which took over the 110 police officers , resulting in the arrest of the serial personnel and the theft of motor vehicles information .
( hong kong , macau , taiwan ) sun yun - hsuan died in taipei
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 15 , taipei news : former president of the taiwan strait exchange foundation [ sef ] sun yun - hsuan , who was once honored chairman of the taiwan strait exchange foundation , was forced to cancel his death due to an acute obstruction and a bloody failure on the morning of 15 february .
sun yun - hsuan was born in 1913 .
it is the 10 th and 13 th central committee of the kmt , which has a population of 110 million and a population of 110 million , a member of the central committee of the 14 th national party congress and a member of the 15 th central committee of the chinese communist party .
zeng jianhui , former taiwan authorities ' minister of communications , was involved in the construction of the government , the president of the taiwan authorities , and others .
heilongjiang will promote the songhua river water pollution environmental impact assessment and countermeasures projects
xinhua news agency , harbin , february 16 ( reporter : tao tao ) - - the harbin city government has decided to set up a water supply system to provide water for the daxing of the songhua river and the melting of the ice to melt the river . heilongjiang province will actively promote the monitoring and control of the songhua river water pollution ecological environment and the countermeasures .
this reporter learned from heilongjiang province environmental protection bureau that the provincial environmental protection bureau , which is led by the state environmental protection administration , has organized the lianghua river major pollution incident and the environmental impact assessment and the policy - related projects , decided by the top 15 special topics , and evaluated the emergency response environment and countermeasures against the ecological impact assessment and the human health effects assessment .
at present , heilongjiang province has a total of 10 scientific research institutes and institutes , totaling more than 60 people .
according to presentations , the environmental protection department and related scientific research institutes will focus on five special topics , such as the emergency environment assessment and countermeasures research , and strive to resolve the problems that the masses are concerned about before they are resolved .
among them , the main control of the external features of the pollutants and the forecast of the total number of foreign - bound pollution cases are mainly controlled by the water consumption of the songhua river .
heilongjiang province environmental protection department also will increase the number of water pollution along the songhua river to strictly investigate and deal with the illegal discharge and illegal construction of water - polluting and illegal construction .
heilongjiang will send environmental protection law enforcement personnel to urge them to conduct small - river environmental comprehensive improvement in small river valley , improve the water quality of the alu river , and reduce the water level of the algae river in the qianjie river .
the beijing university 's lingtang crashed in the mourning hall to express condolences to academician wang chou - ch'ing , academician wang chose to the hospital .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 15 , by wire ( reporter jiangtao li ) through several days of intense deployment , beijing university is located in the 100 th anniversary hall of the lecture hall of the people .
at 08:00 am , the hall opened to the public .
this reporter learned from the beijing university of science and technology at the grand gathering hall that the hall was full of vigor and vitality .
yokohama is a " red army " with more than 10 square meters of graves .
the genetic biofuels on both sides of the river were put on the top of the wrestling trees , and scores of flowers were on the side .
among them , a wreath was made in this way : the water was cut off from the qin dynasty , which was a landmark in tang glorious chinese .
the main purpose of the speech was to express condolences and comfort , and the atmosphere was a mere formality .
the memorial ceremony was held in the northern city of beijing and the teachers and students , and the academicians of the chinese academy of engineering , surianiel [ name as transliterated ] , and many young people who were not aware of him , also rushed to the scene .
they have some money in their hands , some of them carrying flowers in the basket , and each person 's chest is permeated with a small white flowers , and slowly walked to the academician wang chose to bow to the bow of the old wang chieh .
many people have forgotten that the " falungong " organization has been in tears .
zeng jianhui , former director of the state heritage bureau , was a member of the beijing university .
the " wang chou - ch'ing " academician has been a famous writer for us to learn . he has made outstanding contributions to the country and society .
the beijing university of law school , the jinruilin university , and wang chieh , are the first old friend of the surgical surgical surgical surgical statesman who has been elected for more than 40 years .
former us president george w. bush was just discharged a few days ago . today , he insisted on having a good relationship with his old friend .
kim jong - il 's speech was written in the book : " the policy of containing the development of the country cannot be suppressed , and he has repeatedly taken pictures to show the scenes of tears .
he told the reporter that wang chose to be a very frugal life , and tong qi , tong yan , and lu xianyuan , he was already a professor , and he had already had a very high accomplishments , but he still stayed in a very small house .
later , he moved to the united states , where he was a living buddha of 70 - square - meter , and was also a living for more than 10 years .
the beijing university has given him a " red flag " by a academician 's building , 140 - square - meter large house , and he does not want to provide him with high - level housing at the square .
kim jong - il said with deep emotion : wang ch'ing 's visit to the country was a very high - level treatment provided by foreign countries . however , he was determined to pay off the trip .
the first time he was in power , he insisted on not applying for academicians .
the two sides agreed to continue to strengthen cooperation in the field of education , science and technology , and culture .
kim jong - il said : over the past 50 years , wang chose to pay attention to cultivating young people . he has always stressed that it is necessary to pave the way and be willing to be the ladder and give way to young people .
the chinese government has always attached great importance to the research of a great achievement .
this reporter learned from the beijing university news center that from february 15 to 19 , the beijing university 's news center will hold a news conference from 9 : 00 a. m . to 1:00 a. m . on the morning of 19 february . wang chieh 's office will be open to the public and provide people from all walks of life with condolences .
the " shanghai five " , which is called the " qianren [ name as transliterated ] , vice chairman of the cppcc national committee , was named the " beijing - based academician " of the third world academician of the chinese academy of sciences , and was unable to treat illness on 13 february . at the beijing - based medical university , which was established at 11:31 on 13 february , it was found to have died of illness in beijing and hospital at 11:31 hours .
( more added ) china has always attached importance to developing friendly relations with chile , and hopes to further promote the friendly exchanges between the two countries ' parliaments .
wu bangguo attended the signing ceremony and gave an important speech at the signing ceremony .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 15 , by wire ( reporter rong yan ) wu bangguo , chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) , attended a meeting of the chinese npc and the chilean parliament to establish a political dialogue relationship at the great hall of the people on the afternoon of 15 february , and signed the agreement in the paper .
china 's npc and chile 's parliament exchange mechanism have been formally established .
it is reported that the chilean senate president ricardo roomo and the chilean speaker of the house of representatives , arroyo , signed a memorandum of understanding on the agreement in santiago , chile .
according to the provisions of the agreement , the two sides will , in accordance with the principles laid down in the sino - chilean joint communique on the establishment of diplomatic relations , establish a political dialogue between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament , and hold a dialogue committee at a regular intervals between the two countries to jointly promote the all - round development of bilateral relations .
chile 's ambassador to china kulla and other officials attended the signing ceremony .
china will introduce a new information network dissemination rights protection law
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 15 ( reporter zhou wei ) - the beijing municipal government has set up a number of websites to provide services to the public through a large number of news reports such as newspapers and magazines . however , many websites have not been authorized to pay for the construction of the linfei uang project , and the director of the state copyright bureau , wang ziqiang , said at a press conference held by the state council information office on the 15th that the internet is still in
wang ziqiang said : the key to achieving the goal of the reform of the newspapers and periodicals is to make the writers undetermined and not to use the mouth of the writers .
however , according to the current law , the payment of the newspaper will be subject to the statutory license .
according to the decision of the supreme people 's court , newspapers and periodicals are transmitted by the law for the use of the internet , namely , internet , internet , news , and internet .
however , due to judicial interpretation , the pay standard is not stipulated , so in actual practice , the internet is used for the use of these works .
the chinese government has always attached great importance to the use of the internet .
wang ziqiang said : " it is not strange whether or not the caochiu has been included in the scope of the law and whether or not the regulations will be formulated this year to protect the right to spread information networks . "
( international ) russian president boris yeltsin 's visit to georgia
xinhua news agency , moscow , february 15 ( reporter song shiyi ) - russian defense ministry news official sergey selezov said on the 15th that georgian parliament 's decision to make a decision on the russian peacekeeping troops will not affect the russian military in a short time . russia 's military personnel will continue to play a role in the southern ossetia conflict .
russia 's state duma ( lower house of parliament ) 's chairman korkovski said on the same day that georgia 's assembly 's resolution on the russian peacekeeping troops was " a major step forward " in the peace process in the region .
he stressed that georgia 's parliament 's resolution has made russia and georgia develop their relations in the direction of deterioration .
he believes that geleg is very interested in russia 's criticism .
georgian parliament passed a resolution on that day , asking russia to stop its military operations in the southern ossetia .
gurirab accused russia of not performing its peacekeeping duties as stipulated by the georgian parliament and also called russia 's military actions in the conflict region as a sharp sword in attempting to swallow the territory of georgia .
gurirab calls for government to take active actions to consider establishing a new government in the region of the conflict in yugoslavia , and to replace the current russian military deployment in the region .
gurirab also ordered the government to amend the russian peacekeeping personnel 's right to enter the conflict area .
the yugoslav federation 's first human rights record was the first time that the country was established with russia 's northwestern state of georgia .
the former soviet union disintegrated , it announced its independence on its own and established long - term ties with the georgian central government .
at present , russia has already established a military presence in the region , and the number of its peacekeeping operations is about 500 .
this unit is a unit that has been formed by the russian armed forces in the north of georgia in 1992 , and the south of the island , the south of the capital of georgia .
the liaoyuan hospital 's dafa hospital will be held in the name of the suspect for the crime of major responsibility accidents .
xinhua news agency , changchun , february 16 ( reporter zhou li ) - jilin provincial government in liaoning province announced on the morning of 16 february that the accident investigation group decided to remove 11 responsible persons , including the hospital electric engineering squad , the chief of the hospital 's electric engineering squad , zhang diankun , and four other people , who were suspected of being involved in major accidents .
in 2005 , the " shanghai five " was established in the beihai city 's largest liangwei hospital on 15 december 2005 , and the death toll was eventually killed by 39 people .
in this struggle , the two sides were able to reach a 5,000 - square - meter - long area .
according to reports , the exercise is the first large - scale joint medical drill conducted by the national medical and health system since the founding of new china .
according to investigations , the explosion occurred at 1630 on the day , and the explosion occurred at about 1:30 am at the center of liaoyuan city . according to the design of the hospital 's circuit , if the power station was shut down and the power - generating gate would automatically jump into the vice gate , and the hospital would continue to maintain normal power supply . however , the power gate at that time did not open the door , and the head of the electrical engineering
the then brick smoke was a big one .
therefore , 57 - year - old liaoyuan textile company 's electric power installation team leader zhao zhijun was very nervous in the company of the dongyuan electric power bureau .
china 's rural tourism industry has been growing rapidly in the past few years , with the first tourist attraction in tianlong , tuen mun , the official said .
xinhua news agency , guiyang , february 16 th , by reporter xinrong shi
at 10 : 30 a. m . , the five valley activities ended and the " red army " wearing green colour trousers , 80 year - old zheng peiqin , a young man , sounded the alarm for the chinese rural tourist guizhou .
the sky - high tide of the village is a natural phenomenon in guizhou 's village tourism development and a national model for rural tourism .
as a friendly neighbor of the great ming dynasty , the chinese army has been fighting together with the surging eyes of the sergeant of the red army in qinshan .
here , the number of people who wear a big posture and a wide - ranging blue - colored white - white - white - hot - line statue , the ancient han - han culture and clothing - - in the village of tuen mun to preserve and perfect the village .
according to reports , the tianlong village has relied on this cultural tradition to develop from the year 2002 to the next .
the guizhou provincial tourism administration has recently decided to set up a " national tourism bureau " to provide more convenience for the local residents , said yang shengming , director of the guizhou provincial tourism bureau .
so far , guizhou has made over 130 state - owned enterprises in more than 130 villages and towns .
on the eve of the first session of the 11 th national people 's congress [ npc ] , the prices of housing in 70 cities in the country continued to fall , with the price of housing in shanghai rising 5.5 percent .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 16 th , by reporter zheng liu
shanghai real estate prices continued to decline .
the state development and reform commission is composed of experts from various circles , including the ministry of commerce , the ministry of commerce , the ministry of commerce , the ministry of commerce , the ministry of commerce , and the ministry of commerce .
in the same breath , the total amount of foreign capital in shanghai was $ 39.4 billion , up 19.2 percent from the same period last year .
this year , the state council issued a " circular on the establishment of a new housing market " in 70 large and medium - sized cities , which fell 6.9 percent from the previous month .
the new commodity housing market is expected to increase by a big margin , including 18.99 percent of the hohhot and haxianqiao , a city with a relatively high rate of increase .
the organization department of the cpc central committee called for further intensifying the supervision and inspection of the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres and cadres .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 16 , the central organization department recently issued a " circular on strengthening the work of supervising cadres . "
the opinions urge that all organizations at all levels should start from strict management and care for cadres , and regard the work of supervising cadres as a whole , so as to educate cadres and encourage them to select and appoint various links of day - to - day management , and establish and improve a timely and sound supervision work mechanism for preventing and curing the emergence of a slack style of a slack style of work , so as to effectively strengthen supervision over leading cadres and the selection and appointment of leading cadres
the opinion points out that the cadres supervision work of the organization departments is mainly aimed at supervising the leading bodies and leading cadres .
in the course of carrying out the education , we should pay attention to the work of the party committees and the leading cadres , and should make unremitting efforts to educate and educate the people on ideals and convictions and on fighting corruption and promoting clean government .
right now , the new cadres are selected to be promoted .
we should urge leading bodies at all levels to uphold democratic centralism , establish and improve rules and regulations for decision making , and seriously implement the principles and policies of collective leadership and individual responsibility .
we should give prominence to the work of supervising and managing the leading bodies , organize and supervise the leading bodies ( personnel ) departments , and regularly hold discussions with the principal responsible persons of the next - level leading bodies , so as to understand their ideas , work style , and others .
we should establish and improve a system for the day - to - day management and supervision of leading cadres , and regularly conduct an analysis and analysis of the ideological and work style of leading cadres , so as to put forward opinions and measures for solving problems .
the practice of holding leading cadres to admonish their words and letters and discovering signs of problems of a tendency to admonish them in a timely manner or to ask them to make a notification .
right now , the masses ' problems and problems that have been reported should be seriously investigated and understood , and problems should be resolved in light of the actual situation .
at the same time , we should combine strengthening supervision with encouraging cadres to boldly explore new ways and make innovations , and pay attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the opinions and demands that the organization ( personnel ) departments at all levels should effectively strengthen leadership over the party and government leading cadres in selecting and appointing cadres .
further improve the system of supervising cadres ' recommendation of nominating cadres , deliberate on the views of the masses , and other links , and strictly implement the system of selecting and employing people , so as to ensure that the work of selecting and appointing cadres is in the most important and most crucial .
we should strengthen the supervision and inspection of the implementation of the regulations on the appointment of cadres , and seriously investigate and deal with violations of the regulations on the appointment of cadres , and resolutely check unhealthy trends and corrupt phenomena in the use of personnel .
the practice of serious irregularities in personnel appointments and inspections should be carried out , and supervision and inspection should be stepped up .
we should establish and improve a system for the work of selecting and appointing cadres and should follow the principle of sharing responsibility and responsibility , scientifically define the responsibility and responsibilities of all links in the work of selecting and appointing cadres , and clearly define the ways and means of holding accountable those involved .
we should give full play to the role of the masses ' supervision , establish and improve the system of keeping the flow of the water and the order of the people .
and give play to the role of public opinion supervision , and promptly report to the news media the situation in the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres , so as to accept supervision by public opinion .
the opinions put forward that we should further improve the system of coordinating and coordinating the cadre supervision work .
the organization ( personnel ) departments should make greater efforts to strengthen ties with discipline inspection organs , and establish a system of mutual supervision and inspection with discipline inspection organs in the work of improving the party style and building a clean and honest government among relevant cadres , so as to enhance the cohesion of supervision .
in conjunction with the discipline inspection commission , they have conscientiously performed their inspection work , improved the inspection methods , improved the inspection system , and improved the quality of inspection .
in conjunction with auditing organs , the leading cadres ' economic responsibility auditing system will be implemented .
the work of organizing and promoting cadres should be improved .
( hong kong , macau , taiwan ) taiwan authorities arrested in violation of regulations mainland china
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 16 th , by reporter jianyi chen
the taiwan " china times " reported that the mainland has made a decision on the issue of forming a government with a sharp cut in itself , and has opened up the curtain on the policy of cross - strait economic and trade cooperation . after the taiwan authorities imposed a penalty on taiwan businessmen investing in the mainland .
according to reports , the taiwan island economy ministry has decided to invest some 1000 us dollars in the construction of a new power plant in the south of the island due to its violation of the rules of relations between the people on both sides of the strait and its involvement in the mainland 's investment or technological cooperation .
in the future , the + sucking will be considered as a matter of priority . former chairman cao xingcheng and other people will be fined .
the united states has also cut its mouth in the first half of february 2005 . at that time , taiwan 's prosecutors and engineers used more than 100 people to express their views on the housing and office of several high - ranking personnel , claiming that the united states was suspected of providing intelligence to taiwan businessmen on the mainland and on the technology of the ship - building company , which was suspected of illegally providing funds for the sake of making investment on the mainland and for the illegal capital of scientific and
the then unmik chairman , cao xingsheng , then openly expressed that the unita did not violate the regulations of the taiwan authorities , and the unita 's technology provided assistance to the company and the ship - based technology was for the long - term interests of the united states . if the unsc fails to enter the mainland market as soon as possible , it will lose business opportunities .
later , the taiwan authorities were worried about financial supervision and management committee using the excuse of violating commercial information .
in 2006 , on 9 january 2006 , the board of directors accepted the invitation of cao xingcheng .
the united states and taiwan share the same view on the development of the national economy and the industry .
the taiwan authorities have been trying to " westernize " the united states in the past year , and have been highly concerned by people of all circles on the island .
( hong kong , macau , taiwan ) second session of the third annual conference of chinese and foreign experts held in macao
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 17 , by wire ( reporter kun li ) the second - largest liu folk in my heart in macao was formed in beijing on the 17th , announcing the conscription of the chinese conscription to the world - - - the macao - style silk - making works , which are composed of the themes of my heart .
this is a very important reason why the macao sar government has been able to win the championship .
in 2004 , the number of macao compatriots returning to the motherland was rising at the top of the top of the list of the top ten in the hearts of macao . the grand literary festival was held in macao . the chinese and foreign literary enthusiasts actively responded , and the organizing committee received over 8,000 entries . more than 10 award - winning people at home and abroad were invited to attend the award ceremony in macao .
the macao sar chief executive , mr wu chih - liang , said at a press conference on the 17th that last year , the siren population in macao 's longcheng district was listed as a world cultural heritage list , which not only means that the people of macao have long been able to enjoy a better living style and a better community management model , but also means that the chinese nation has been able to get a good grasp of the chinese nation 's national character and its different cultural traditions of harmony
wu zhiliang said : the chinese government has always attached importance to the issue of the macao sar under such a good cultural atmosphere .
according to presentations , the competition will be held on 1 september this year , and the " collection of the outer wall of the scattered culture " will be opened for the exclusive column to be selected and sent to the competition .
the selection results were announced .
shandong successfully implemented a series of measures to protect baby from heart transplant
xinhua news agency , jinan , february 17 ( reporter zhang yuqing ) - the jinan military region 's heart disease control institute recently successfully implemented a series of measures for the early implementation of the " heart transplant operation " .
this reporter interviewed a few people in the hospital of the chinese academy of sciences who were in the post - sars hospital service for 51 days after the art , and the monitoring and inspection indexes were normal . the operation was smoothly over the dangerous period , and was full of vigor and vitality .
according to the ministry of health , the number of patients who had been taken over the medical service was more than 1,000 , according to the medical staff .
the heart transplant operation is the heart operation .
in particular , the year - old baby under one year old has a relatively large number of children in china .
the jinan military region 's blood control research institute has organized experts to repeatedly discuss the issue and carefully design the operation and operation of the operation and after - effects , and to provide support for the method of blood management .
in 2005 , the " shanghai five " was formally established at 8:00 .
the supply of heart is from a patient who has been in the hospital for medical treatment due to the bad influence of the precarious lung .
the operation is in line with the six blood pipes , and the seamless needles of more than 510 , with each injection of less than 3 mm .
in the 295 minute , the operation was successfully accomplished .
the state security administration has decided to stop the use of coal mines and other serious accidents as the most important task for this year .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 17 , by wire ( reporter zheng liu ) the four incidents occurred one after another , which occurred in the mining area of more than 100 people . in the past year , the situation of safe production has caused the pollution of the coal mine by the coal mine , which has caused the death of over 100 people .
this reporter learned from the national bureau of supervision and administration for production safety on 17 august that it is necessary to truly contain the excessive occurrence of extraordinarily serious accidents , and coal mines are the most important of all .
this year , the coal mine safety supervision and administration bureau will do a good job in the following three aspects :
the " falungong " organization has continued to run well and tackle tough problems .
vajpayee will take part in the management of gas welding before others this year .
if the vanuatu mine fails to do business , it will be able to take off the mine first and then take care of it .
the " falungong " organization has continued to crack down on the enterprises that are closed .
we should integrate the work of making public the names of the 5243 and the number of recently published by various localities , with the work of the state council , with the work of the state council , and with the work of the state council .
we should combine the closure of enterprises with the work of routine work , and constantly close down those enterprises that disrupt the natural resources and pollute the environment .
the " falungong " organization has strengthened the management of coal mine safety .
we should immediately correct the practices of stopping the emergence of a small number of large state - owned mines , guiding the establishment of a standardized market security system for the management of small mines .
in particular , we should focus on key state - owned coal mines , and absolutely not allow them to become overweight or surpass the production of supernumerary personnel .
this year 's work of controlling production safety requires that the production safety of all types of accidents nationwide be reduced by 39.1 percent over last year , of which coal mines have dropped by 3.5 percent .
a large number of people died in a major accident .
these control targets have already been issued to various provincial - level people 's governments , and various localities are now gradually moving toward the grassroots and enterprises .
the statistics show that in 2005 , the number of accidents in the nation 's coal mines hit 5986 , a decrease of 0.79 percent over the same period last year .
however , one incident of one death was a major accident that raised the head of the people 's armed forces , and the number of people who died in the accident was 66.6 percent higher than the same period last year .
( international ) bashar 's appeal to all parties to continue to play a constructive role in kosovo 's future status talks
xinhua news agency , belgrade , february 17 ,
the president said that he was satisfied with the smooth progress of the two countries ' relations .
he also stressed that the eu commission will do its best to ensure the smooth progress of the kosovo crisis .
the president said he was satisfied with the current situation in kosovo in implementing the un plan for kosovo 's democratic process .
he believes that these measures are not only in line with the principles of the integration of kosovo and europe .
he also called on all the countries in kosovo to continue their efforts to ensure the peace and stability of kosovo .
the president said he was glad to meet with the chinese government and people on the sidelines of the first session of the u.n. general assembly in kosovo .
prior to this , barcelona visited the croatian and serbia and montenegro , and he also visited the macedonian serbia and bosnia - herzegovina .
( winter olympic games ) , the world health organisation ( who ) , the world health organisation ( who ) , the world health organization ( who ) , the world health organization ( who ) , the world health organization ( who ) , the world health organization ( who ) , the world health organization ( who ) , and the world health organization ( who ) are all in the process of the world .
xinhua news agency , dublin , february 17 , the news analysis said that the number of children was likely to be unsettled .
xinhua news agency reporter gao peng ying , a reporter of the xinhua news agency , ding ying , said that china has made great progress in its economic development in recent years , and has made great progress in its economic development .
although italy 's three - time warns says that the dutch winter olympic games will be held in the summer olympic games , the number of athletes who use stimulants may be faced with a fracture of the jade , but judging from various situations , this situation is unlikely to happen in the winter olympic games .
the dutch prime minister , who was in charge of the first foreign affairs department , said that the scandal of the brain had been brought to light on 16 may .
the next day , the international olympic committee announced that it sent a leg of leg out of the winter olympic games , and she was in the winter olympic games .
the international winter games will be held in the same day .
the chinese government has always attached great importance to the olympic games and has been determined to use the olympic spirit to ensure the olympic spirit .
however , the japanese government 's decision to bring the olympic torch to the country according to the italian law and athletes ' carrying and using stimulants is a criminal act . the judiciary has the right to directly arrest and investigate and use the athletes who are using stimulants . the inmates who are still faced with the death penalty of not less than three months to three years .
last december , the international olympic committee and the italian government finally reached a consensus on the olympic committee 's work of curing the deficiencies of the olympic games after a long period of time . the two sides agreed to hold a meeting in accordance with the italian law during the winter olympic games .
after the international olympic committee 's unremitting efforts , the italian side has made a series of important contributions to the olympic games in the four days before the opening of the winter olympic games .
some reports say that the italian government is monitoring the situation in the winter olympics in dublin , and has already sent the delegation to the country to attend the meeting .
however , the international olympic committee and the persian government are not yet confirmed this matter .
russia 's winter season is the last two - time training .
zeng jianhui , who once served as a member of the world anti - doping agency , said that the chinese sports team should send a group of people to return to the country , and that this event may eventually lead to an undetermined statesman .
" the chinese government has always attached great importance to the work of the international olympic committee and the italian government in the fight against the stimulant in the winter olympic games , " said shi chenghong , director of the international olympic committee and the italian government 's committee for the prevention of aids .
according to the previous italian government 's understanding of the use of stimulant by its athletes , the number of cases of violation of the foreigner is the highest .
therefore , italy 's security council , a senior reporter of the italian security agency , said that sending a leg to prison is the possibility of a sudden sharp rise in the number of prisoners .
pele also said that the united states and china have had a good relationship of cooperation in the field of justice , but the italian police could not go to other countries to take advantage of the prison term .
if the party sent a serf to refuse to accept the verdict , the italian side could not accept it .
the general news : the new epidemic site has continued to emerge in countries around the world to strictly prevent fan - fingers .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 18 th , by reporter huanqiu xinhua from the chinese embassy in africa , the avian flu has spread further in the african continent .
the world health organization ( who ) confirmed on the 17 th that three areas in egypt have found bird flu viruses in egypt .
in europe , france has also for the first time found the top five - type bird flu virus , which has a high degree of vigilance in europe , and has strengthened prevention measures .
the who 's east timorese regional consultant hassan khalifa said in egypt on the 17th that the current outbreak of bird flu in the central egyptian city of jalaur and the three regions of the southern minya has already been infected with the h5n1 avian flu virus . egypt has decided to take measures to prevent the outbreak of the bird flu .
experts point out that egypt is a major country in the middle east and north africa where migratory birds are relocated , and the migratory birds are carrying bird flu viruses .
egypt has announced the ban on the import of live poultry from foreign countries and strengthened border control points .
the cameroon government has been working for the country 's first - ever chicken farm in the capital of jakarta , said a report by the ministry of agriculture .
the cameroon government has decided to temporarily suspend the import of poultry from nigeria , where the bird flu outbreak has occurred .
the cameroon government also announced the establishment of a national security network covering all the border within a short period of time .
in europe , denmark and sweden have established a joint venture on the 17 th .
sweden 's veterinary surgeons institute released a report on the latest bird flu outbreak in the country on wednesday .
denmark 's veterinary authority said the preliminary laboratory results were also confirmed to be positive for the virus in the country .
however , the agricultural department said that denmark still cannot take this matter lightly .
the " romanian - chinese friendship " has been developing smoothly since the beginning of this year , and the world health organization experts held a meeting in bucharest on the 17th in bucharest , saying that almost all areas in the danube river delta region must seriously treat this situation . romania may have to take measures in the next three or five years to prevent the spread of avian flu .
in asia , bangladesh , the government has taken all necessary measures to ensure the safety of the people .
the government 's domestic and domestic livestock services department ( cfs ) has provided the relevant officials with books on preventing avian influenza and also organized poultry farmers to train their poultry farmers .
( newspaper selected works of collections ) china 's first group of people to share blood information management system in zhejiang province
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 18 , the chinese government has decided to provide a total of 140 million yuan ( about 300,000 us dollars ) to the chinese government for the first time in the country to share blood information management and control network system , according to the blood center of the province .
zhejiang province 's blood center 's relevant person said that this means that any citizen will be able to make a living in any county ( city ) in zhejiang province for blood supply .
this spokesman said : the chinese government has always attached importance to the issue of the use of the internet , which is a matter of concern to the people of the whole country .
this way , it will not only protect the blood donors ' own health , but also effectively protect the blood - users ' health and safety .
in addition , when blood supply is in short supply , the donors and their families have the priority to use blood , and as long as they are admitted to the donors ' valid documents , they can immediately show the blood information of the donors and are quite convenient .
according to the hangzhou " today morning news , " at present , this information system has been operating in all 36 cities throughout the province .
to prevent the recurrence of landslides in the philippines , 11 villages in the philippines have been evacuated to the scene of an emergency evacuation in the philippines .
xinhua news agency , manila , february 18 , a philippine local official said on the 18th that 11 villages in the eastern philippines have been working hard to prevent the recurrence of similar landslides .
the south african national assembly will hold a meeting on the sidelines of the third ministerial meeting of the organization of the organization of the united nations , the state press , the ministry of agriculture , the ministry of agriculture , the ministry of agriculture , the ministry of agriculture , the ministry of agriculture , the ministry of agriculture , the ministry of agriculture , the ministry of agriculture , the ministry of agriculture , the ministry of agriculture , the ministry of agriculture , the ministry of agriculture , the people 's republic of china ,
the evacuation was carried out in 11 villages .
lula said that the two governments have been working on the issue of allowing residents to withdraw from the country yesterday .
on the 17th , the landslides occurred in the south lesotho region , south of the southern part of the southern part of the southern part of the southern part of the southern part of the southern lessees the scene of the television . the soil and rocks were buried in the entire village , and could only see the roof of of several rooftop roof .
as the mud is very thick and humidity , the density of the mud is very high , and the people buried under the mine can survive very uncertain hopes .
at present , there are 109 people dead and 450 others injured .
according to estimates , the current accident has caused a death of more than half of the total number of people .
( overseas chinese )
xinhua news agency , fuzhou , february 19 ( reporter guo yu ) - fuzhou quanzhou city 's foreign trade export continued to maintain a high growth trend in january this year .
according to statistics from the general administration of customs , in january , the export value of quanzhou reached 333 billion us dollars , the highest in history , and the growth rate was 35.2 percent , higher than the average growth rate of the entire province .
according to the quanzhou city foreign economic bureau 's analysis , the average price of foreign trade in quanzhou in january was mainly attributable to the relatively high growth in foreign trade support services in quanzhou .
