the princess diana investigation data was found to be used in two mobile computers , which were found to be in diarrhoea 's death investigation data .
london , april 6 , 2007 ( afp )
the daily times in london pointed out that the two sets of records carried the princess diana princess diana 's death investigation report in 1997 , and were used to be used by the former chief of police .
the report said that the theft case caused people to speculate that the computer had a hidden danger .
however , a metropolis police officer , who is a police officer , said that there was no sensitive information in the computer , or had any information to be found to be related to the investigation .
" the sse is a member of the british nobel - apis police station , which is a member of the public 's office in the taenhet new area , " sir stevens said .
the report said that nobel - appellate police had been working in the police station for the past 10 days .
a large - scale explosion occurred from january 28 to 29 , including computer and computer equipment , and the amount of money was taken away , while the second theft occurred last week , and no loss was recorded .
the norwegian police bureau also said that there was no evidence to show that the two cases of theft and the sir thomas were related to the work .
" the two countries have been exploring the possibility of the prince of wales 's death , not directly leading the death of the car accident , " said mr stokos .
the royal coroners , mr bruce , ordered the government to continue to investigate the evidence in 2004 .
daniel princess diana was born in a paris court on august 31 , 1997 .
after two years of investigation , the french police believed that the driver was arrested for drink driving and taking drugs .
the two sides agreed to hold a meeting in geneva in late february to discuss the issue of the " anti - dumping investigation " at the end of this month
afp , len , july 7 , 2007
the mediating peace process is a matter of concern to the government , the norwegian government said .
the north korean delegation arrived in beijing on tuesday for a three - day visit to china .
norway 's embassy in beijing said in a statement that the government of sri lanka has been involved in the conflict , which is the result of the collusion between the sri lankan government and the tamil eelam liberation tiger organization . it is necessary to assist the norwegian government in holding negotiations on 23 february in geneva .
the two - day talks will focus on how to strengthen the negotiations on the implementation of the cease - fire agreement on 23 february 2002 , and the agreement has never been fully observed by both sides .
the norwegian embassy said that the two sides will discuss how to improve the implementation of the cease - fire agreement , which is also the first time that the two sides have conducted face - to - face talks at such a high level .
soham said that he will lead a delegation of norway to participate in the talks , and that the smooth progress of the tamil eelam 's liberation tiger will be led by barcelona , while the sri lankan government will be led by health minister .
he said : this is a road leading to peace .
the resolution of the ethnic conflicts in sri lanka was first face - to - face talks held in march 2003 in japan . however , the government of the republic of milan liberation tiger cancelled the original plan of the 2003 national assembly in thailand .
du lin 's winter olympics unveiled north - south korean team 's joint admission
afp , amidst the death of a man in the southern tirana , italy , aug 10 .
the 20 th winter olympics ended in dulin today .
south korean women 's race for skating skating , li baola , and north korean men 's floral skating skating , han zheng - jen , respectively took up the position of the two teams and led south north korean delegation to the north korean team to enter the winter olympic stadium .
this is the first time that the south and north korea have held their first round of the games in the winter .
to reflect the rapid growth in the past few years , the two sides have achieved a major breakthrough in the summer games in sydney and the olympic summer games in athens in 2004 , south korea and north korea have reached a common goal .
north korea did not participate in the us - based yinhu city 19 th winter olympics .
the korean peninsula was split into a state of practicing capitalism in 1948 , and the north korea of south korea and communism was divided into two countries from 1950 to 1953 .
the north korean leader said in 2000 that the north korean summit will be held in the future , and the relations between the two sides will become better .
according to the tradition , the greek team is the first to enter the country , and the number of the teams is among the 80 countries participating in the competition . south korea is the 22 th largest country that enters the 23 rd .
the landlord grand representative team is the last member of the national assembly , and when the caritas group is in the stadium , the sports ground immediately sounded .
holman has been silent with drugs and has been in a timely fashion to wake up to the challenges brought about by the development of the performing arts .
new york , april 16 , 2007 ( afp )
the most commonly recognized hope to win the oslo award for the first time this year , the poorest poe , the cold blood , the white male monument , the liverpool monotonan holmvan , revealed that he was not too dull when he was young , and was unable to extricate himself from drugs and wine . fortunately , he was able to successfully chose the cause of performing .
holman said in an interview with cbs that he was " very pleased " to meet with the media of the united states , and that he was very pleased to see that during that period , in order to obtain drugs and alcohol .
he was only 20 to 10 , and just just got a little bit of a doctorate from the academy of drama in new york , and entered a society with a colorful colorful colorful colorful social life . he finally moved to the head of a coma , and lost control .
he was a native of the city of alexandria , where he was 22 years old .
the upcoming apec meeting will be held next month .
prior to this , he had a superb performance , and he had already won many awards .
the 38 - year - old performer said during the visit that if there is no record of being killed before becoming famous , the result will be very bad . he may be unable to win the oscar nomination .
he said that he was very envy that those young people who were 19 years old suddenly became famous and had a lot of money .
the bird flu trace is now in the hands of european countries and the apprehension of the people in asia is worrisome .
brussels , april 16 , 2007 ( afp )
the traces of the bird flu virus have continued to emerge in europe , causing a panic among the people .
the european commission 's executive committee has adopted the resolution to establish a mechanism to clean up the spread of the virus and to bring the region of all the countries to control the virus , and ban all the poultry - type biological transactions .
the african national assembly of nigeria and the united states have been conducting a joint antihuman and antiviral test since the eighth day of the deadly hiv virus .
egyptian officials are investigating a bomb explosion in a farm in southern egypt .
the european chicken market has been affected by the virus , and the big slide in the european commission has stressed that it is really not justified to panic .
the executive committee is responsible for the health and food safety commission , the executive committee said that the public are concerned about this matter .
the previous virus found to be the third - kilometer preservation zone and 10 - kilometer - long warning zone , the european commission 's executive committee also made new regulations to remove the virus from the european territory .
a us official who was not willing to be named pointed out that every person was nervous and he was very nervous when they were handling the matter of the european pages from various parts of europe , and that the epidemic had already broken out .
the european region has so far had a total of austria 's top secret balloting , which is a symbol of the enlightened eu , which is a symbol of the enlightened eu , and russia 's territory in europe . all of these have been the result of the 50.1 virus , almost all of which are found in the wild geese .
romania discovered the 31 st human case on the 16 th , and slovenia 's serbia and germany 's rukon islands also found new cases .
italy 's southern province was the first to hit two ducks with the bird flu virus , the second in europe .
eu officials are most concerned about the upcoming visit to africa .
the government of nigeria is working on a more effective way to prevent the virus from spreading to human beings on the african continent .
the government of the country announced that all poultry farms near the infected farm are located within five kilometers of the infected farm , and no matter whether they are infected by the virus , they are all destroyed .
the country 's neighboring countries have announced the country 's entry into the warning state and allocated 4 million us dollars of emergency plans to monitor and react to the situation .
the newly established national emergency committee said that they received a report that the number of casualties of the two countries ' police officers on the border of a sensor - loaded border was nearly 400 .
the china electronics corporation 's new regulations on business management will be implemented on 1 march .
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a national bank to provide a credit card for the bank of china ( cbrc ) to the state of china ( cbrc )
the spokesman said that the cbrc had , in accordance with the provisions of the management measures , the relevant examination and approval methods of foreign - funded financial institutions have basically remained unchanged , that is , foreign banks ' branches have been allowed to operate on - line banking business . if new internet banking business varieties are to be added , the main report of the branch should be made in a unified way .
to standardize the commercial banks ' use of the internet to conduct bank business , the people 's bank of china promulgated the " regulations on the management of internet banking business " in june 2001 .
the spokesman said that the bank of china had been able to provide a new service to the bank of china , and the bank of china has been able to provide the bank with a more flexible and flexible banking system , and to provide a more convenient and convenient market for the banking industry .
according to a spokesman of the china banking regulatory commission , the cbrc has made a decision on the qualifications of the security assessment institutions , which are different from the administrative criteria for the entry of industry - related or enterprise - access , and is not the only necessary condition for assessing the business of the security of the electronic banking sector . it is only the reference of the financial institution when choosing the evaluation institution .
as long as the safety assessment agencies meet the requirements and requirements , even if they fail to receive the approval of the cbrc , the financial institutions can also employ them to carry out the safety assessment of the electronic banking sector , but they should be managed according to the relevant regulations .
the " regulations on the management of electronic banking business " contains nine chapters and 99 articles , which are divided into four parts : application and change of management risks and data exchange and transfer management , and the management of transborder business activities ; the management of such business activities is a legal responsibility and a supplementary management .
the " procedures for assessing security of the electronic banking industry " contains 557 articles , which are divided into four categories : a total of security assessment organizations shall implement a total of management and supplementary provisions for the implementation of security assessment activities .
" mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , deng xiaoping , chen yun , on investigation and study " published and distributed the " selected works of mao zedong " and the " selected works of deng xiaoping , " and published the publication and distribution of the " selected works of deng xiaoping " .
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the central committee of the communist party of china ( cpc ) , compiled by the central party literature research office , has published the " selected works of mao zedong , zhou enlai , deng xiaoping , and chen yun " on the basis of the investigation and study of deng xiaoping 's expositions , and recently published and issued a book by the central party literature publishing house .
we should conduct in - depth investigation and study in real terms , persist in combining theory with practice , and formulate and implement correct lines , principles , and policies from this point . this is the result of the cpc 's leadership over revolution , which is the basic experience and basic work method .
mao zedong 's theory of patriotism and his brilliant deeds have aroused strong indignation among the people of all ethnic groups , including the older generation of revolutionaries , who had made important speeches on the investigation and research issue .
they are now investigating and studying the practice and achievements of the party and the people , and are of great significance to guiding the cause of the party and the people in advancing along the correct road .
" mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , deng xiaoping , chen yun , on investigation and study " , the book is divided into three parts : first , mao zedong and other older generation revolutionaries ' expositions on investigation and study .
the survey reports were mostly the first public release .
in addition , there are two reports on the situation in the 1950 s and 60 s of the last century on the results of investigation and study by central leaders .
russia reiterates its stand on one china
moscow , february 6 ( xinhua ) russian deputy foreign minister alexander alexander kevin sergeyev said here today that russia and china have a long history of friendship and cooperation .
alekseyev said that russia has noted that chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence have aroused strong indignation among the chinese people .
the russian government has always adhered to the one - china principle and firmly supported china 's efforts to realize the great cause of national reunification .
last year , the chinese national people 's congress passed the " anti - secession law , " and russia took the lead in publicly expressing support for it .
alekseyev said that the russian foreign ministry will release a statement as soon as possible to reiterate the one - china stand and oppose the proposal of taiwan independence .
china 's top legislator meets us delegation
xinhua news agency , johannesburg , february 6 ( reporter chen ming ) the fuqing nationality in fujian province , is a native of south africa on the morning of 5 february local time .
according to the statistics of the association of chinese people in liberia , the incident occurred at the bandonan city of northwest china 's burundi city of wellington , more than 130 kilometers .
at that time , the owner of the shop , lin yixing , picked up the goods inside the platform and prepared to end the business for one day .
at that time , three customers were in the shop , one of them was wearing a handgun and hit the platform , and the robbery was carried out .
the 40 - year - old lin yixing and the ruffian fighting , the culprits fired a huge shot at lin yixing , and later fled .
after hearing the news , local people turned lin yixing into the hospital .
on 6 february , the chinese consulate general in conjunction with the jordanian consulate general xu defu , the chinese consulate general , and vice president of the south african association of fujian , lin changming , and other vehicles arrived in brondan to help the family members of the deceased deal with the aftermath of the disaster .
mr lam was the first chinese leader to be hijacked within 36 hours .
prc : renmin ribao article views ' three stresses ' education beijing , 16 mar ( xinhua ) -- the " three stresses " education has been carried out in shanghai .
beijing , february 7 ( xinhua ) the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau released on the 6th the latest hour of labor and guidance prices for work in 2006 , and the number of posts reached 120 , an increase of 11 over the previous year , and the situation of the original position of shots has been further enhanced .
according to a report by the relevant experts of the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau , the average hours of work in shanghai have exceeded one million people .
according to the china youth daily , the number of college graduates and part - time personnel is the highest in the hours of the workforce .
through the investigation of nearly 8,000 hours of work , the ministry of commerce announced that more than half of the people were part - time workers , and the proportion was 511,000 percent .
the number of workers who are part - time workers is generally higher , and the number of workers engaged in relatively strong technical work , such as translator posts and part - time personnel is as high as 81.7 percent , and the number of fitness products reached 61.6 percent .
high income is the result of many people engaged in the work of both the hours and the time .
it is understood that the monthly income of individual posts can reach tens of thousands of yuan , and it will also be difficult to obtain the same amount as the voice transmits , and the monthly income of the hour work post can reach more than 2,000 yuan , such as part - time finance minister , huaqiasa ; and so on .
the best way to satisfy the growing knowledge of individual interests is to be part - time job - seekers .
for example , when a certain enterprise is the manager of the human resources department , he will take out several training sessions every week to handle the case of a foreign business representative office .
mr koo believes that the most profitable job is to make his own knowledge more popular and to make his job more difficult .
as some hours of employment threshold is low , the form of work is flexible and free , and it is gradually being affected by the favorite of many graduates who are now finding jobs , and 144 % of the hours of work are graduates of tertiary and high school graduates who have been in the past three years .
i was feeling uncomfortable at the beginning , i did n't want to work for an hour . but after i was done , i felt that it was better than the 5 th night of the 9 th dprk , when i was working in qigong , i was a good beginning .
university graduate huang , after graduating from the university , did not do as good as finding out the job , and finally hung the name of a guesthouse , and used the piano to sing the background to play the music .
what is your comment on the current work is very satisfactory . one hour 100 yuan , the environment is good , and i am going to do more things now .
it is learned that the work of hours has become a job that is currently in the process of accumulating experience in the work of job - seekers , raising communication skills , raising communication skills , and increasing the experience of social activities .
the job of the graduates is mainly concentrated in the knowledge and skills - based industries , such as the industry , the industry , the industry , and the industry .
the hourly job - related job skills required are not high , such as the food marketing assistant , the unemployed personnel , and so on , and the unemployed can be trained in a simple manner .
the data show that the average hours of hours of work workers were unemployed people , and the proportion of the unemployed was 3,993 , of which the proportion of unemployed people was as high as 68.4 percent , and that of catering was 58.7 percent , and that of hours the unemployed was 57.7 percent .
in his inspection of anhui , wu bangguo inspected work
beijing , february 8 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a new leading body for the work of the national people 's congress ( npc ) in anhui province , said wu bangguo , member of the political bureau of the cpc central committee and member of the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) , at a recent inspection of the work in anhui province
from 6 to 8 february , wu bangguo visited maanshan , wuxi , and qinhuangdao , respectively , and went deep into enterprises to collect money from the rural villages and colleges and universities .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui has the advantage of being a model of linking the east and the west to the north . it is an important agricultural region in china . its natural resources are rich , and its industrial foundation is relatively good . its strength in science and education is strong , and its cultural and tourist resources are rich .
anhui should closely focus on the key to promoting the rise of central china , always adhere to the central task of economic construction , closely integrate the work of the central authorities with the reality of anhui , and carry out work in a creative way in light of the reality of anhui province , and implement the scientific development concept in concrete measures and in actual work .
we should sum up practical experience in a timely manner , fully rely on the masses of the people , vigorously support reform and innovation , and continually create a new situation in anhui 's work .
we should actively promote the building of a harmonious society , persist in taking the realization of good results in safeguarding the interests of the greatest majority of the people as the starting point and the end - result of all our work , actively create conditions , and gradually resolve practical problems of the masses who are in difficulty gradually adjusting the distribution relationship gradually , and gradually change the dual structure between urban and rural areas , gradually narrowing the regional gap , and safeguarding and safeguarding and realizing the results of the reform and development of
wu bangguo stressed : china has reached the stage of having more people depend on their own ability to innovate and improve the quality of workers to promote economic and social development . only by vigorously promoting scientific and technological progress and innovation can we achieve the fundamental objective of the productive forces and promote the development of the economy and society in real terms .
we should establish and perfect as soon as possible a system and mechanism that is conducive to innovation , increase input in science and technology , encourage the invention of patents , develop brand - name brands , speed up the transformation of scientific and technological achievements into real productive forces , strengthen the status of enterprises as the main body in independent innovation , and continuously raise the contribution rate of scientific and technological progress to economic growth .
we should support and encourage the participation of technical elements in distribution , establish and perfect a mechanism of statistics that reflects the ability of independent innovation , and study and formulate a fiscal and taxation policy and government procurement policy that supports innovation on our own , so as to create a policy system that encourages independent innovation .
we should cultivate and create a sense of innovation throughout society , vigorously advocate the idea of daring to innovate and boldly compete , and strive to create a good atmosphere for the coming of large numbers of talented people .
wu bangguo pointed out : in the course of building a socialist country ruled by law , the people 's congress plays an increasingly important role in the process of building a socialist country ruled by law .
to do a good job in the work of people 's congresses under the new situation , first , we should uphold the correct political direction and unswervingly follow the road of socialist political development with chinese characteristics , and regard upholding the party 's leadership as the guide and the rule of law as the organic whole .
second , we should closely focus on the overall situation of the work of the party and the state , closely focus on major issues in reform , development , and stability , closely focus on the hot and difficult issues that the masses of the people are generally concerned about , and continuously enhance the actual results of the work of the people 's congresses .
third , we should give play to the characteristics and advantages of the people 's congress work , uphold democratic centralism , handle affairs according to the law , and make collective decisions .
we should adhere to the mass line , the people - centered principle , and the power for the people , and the people - centered principle , and the interests of the people .
china proposes that the 15 - year plan for major scientific research projects be implemented in the future
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a new international financial and economic cooperation committee to promote the development of the economy and the development of the economy
the four major scientific plans are the proteins of protein research .
the outlet pointed out that the protein science is the most important tool for life science that developed countries are now engaged in fierce contention .
the next 15 years , china will focus on studying important biological systems , such as the transmitting and transmitting proteins , and the suicidal group , which is the representative of the society , the crop structure , the functions of the white biosafety materiel , and the bioscientists related to the validation of the white protein , the methods and related application methods of research in protein research .
the outline also maintains that the research on quantum regulation and control has a clear forward - looking view , and it is possible to conduct a comprehensive review of the economic development of human society by 20-30 .
china should focus on studying the characteristics and laws of quantum communication and the principles and methods of regulation and control , calculation , and the limited system of measuring the size of the small - volume telecommunications system , indicative effects of the measurement and control , and the new technological basis of measuring the measurement .
in addition , the outline points out that nanometer technology has become the core technology for many countries to upgrade their core competitiveness , and is also the key to china 's development by leaps and bounds .
the next 15 years will be a crucial period for china 's research in this field , including the development of the controllable particulars of nanotechnology materials , the establishment and function of such equipment , the enlightening of electromagnetic fertilizers , and the enlightening of the measuring of the measuring temperature and the accuracy of nanometer materials and nanometer technology .
china 's population growth is large , and there is a lot of shortcomings in birth , and organs transplanted from transplanted organs are seriously short of demand , and therefore it is urgently necessary to make breakthroughs in the theory of reproductive forces and the theory on breeding science and technology innovation .
in accordance with the outline , the two countries will increase their cooperation in the fields of reproductive forces , and will strengthen their cooperation in the fields of science and technology , and will develop their own productive forces .
last year , shanghai 's housing price dropped by nearly 7 percentage points .
shanghai , february 9 ( xinhua ) the shanghai municipal government announced today that the state will provide a total of 40,000 yuan ( about 40,000 us dollars ) for the government 's macro - control policy on the real estate industry by 2005 .
according to the latest statistics , the total number of housing production in shanghai last year was relatively high , and the number of housing growth was slowed down .
of the total , the price of residential housing dropped 6.6 percent from the previous year , while the value of real estate industry decreased by 4.1 percent .
the shanghai municipal bureau of statistics , pan jian , said at a press conference a few days ago that by 2005 , the average selling price of shanghai 's residential housing was 698 yuan / square meter , an increase of 313 yuan over 2004 .
the total value of the sales of residential buildings in the year was 9.22 percent higher than the previous year , and the increase was 6.6 percentage points lower than the same period last year .
the annual value of real estate industry was 670.23 billion yuan , up 24.1 percent from the previous year .
in the outstanding amount of loans from financial institutions , the outstanding amount of individual housing mortgage loans was 264.494 billion yuan , and the increase was only 9.044 billion yuan in the year , but the increase in loans in 2004 was 7.28.09 billion yuan .
pan jianxin said : judging from the annual real estate sales price in shanghai , the proportion of commercial housing sales is stable .
the statistics also show that according to the latest data , the total volume of trade in real estate in shanghai will drop somewhat by 2005 , and the average sales price of residential housing will be 698 yuan / square meter , an increase of 23.8 percent over 2004 .
by 2005 , the sales price of housing will be higher than the previous year by 9.7 percent , a drop of 6.2 percentage points from the previous year .
according to his briefing , last year shanghai municipality completed the construction of a real estate development investment of 1,246 billion yuan , an increase of 6.1 percent over the previous year .
the sales area was 3158.87 - million square meters , down 9.5 percent .
the total sales volume of commercial houses was 216.133 billion yuan , down 4.5 percent from the previous year .
two light aircraft were flying in new zealand
xinhua news agency , wellington , february 9 , two new zealand light aircraft crashed in the capital city of wellington , about 100 kilometers north of wellington , on the 9th , killing two people on board .
according to local civil aviation departments , the two countries have already made a number of flight movements , and the two crew members are all the pilots of the flight college of maxi university . they are still receiving training , and they have not yet obtained their flight license .
at the time of the incident , the two planes were in a non - air control zone , and the pilot was in a flight in such a region , and they were conducting a comprehensive review of the navigation and security of the plane .
a man who was on the scene of the incident was shocked by the new zealand media that when the plane collided , he heard a huge explosion and saw that the plane was rapidly plunging into the ground .
another witness said that the us military had also confirmed that before the plane crashed , the bomber had heard a huge explosion and that the plane was damaged .
the plane collision has caused the cause to be unclear , and local civil aviation departments will conduct investigation on this matter .
china 's top legislator on china 's entry into wto beijing , july 6
xinhua news agency , buenos aires , february 8 ( reporter cao yu ) the chinese delegation headed by its overseas chinese and chinese nationals residing in argentina , the association for promoting china 's peaceful reunification issued a solemn statement on 8 february strongly condemning chen shui - bian 's recent speech on taiwan independence , opposing any attempt to split taiwan from china .
the statement said that chen shui - bian 's speech on 29 january indicated that he would abolish the sovereignty of the sovereign nation and mislead the nation 's unification program .
compatriots on both sides of the strait have a high hopes on peace and the desire of the taiwan compatriots for peace and stability and development .
the statement pointed out that resolutely opposing and curbing the splittist activities of taiwan independence , and safeguarding peace and stability in the taiwan strait region are still the common aspirations of compatriots on both sides of the strait and the chinese people in the world .
the statement stressed that the peaceful reunification of argentina is willing to work together with all the chinese people from both sides of the strait to uphold the one - china principle , and resolutely oppose any form of taiwan independence , the statement said , and the " china council for promoting peaceful reunification . "
chinese expert : us trump card of threat to china 's military threat is groundless accusations
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to open a new chapter in the us - led " three - step " policy , which is to be submitted to the congress a few days ago , to the congress
experts believe that this is a serious challenge to china 's normal national defense construction , and it is a serious threat to china 's military theory .
the " four - point defense evaluation report " is a new defense guiding document of the pentagon .
the report , which has been published for as long as 92 , expounds three sentences on the question of china 's military strength and the united states ' response to it , directly mentions the fact that the united states has made a decision on the two most important issues , namely , the two versions of the theory of china threat or the theory of " one china , " which is a major emerging and emerging power , and which is the most important and most important one to china .
the world military science research institute of the chinese academy of military sciences , yao yunzhu , said that although senior us officials have repeatedly expressed similar views before , this is the first time that the united states has made such a proposal in the report on the national defense strategy of the united states that china is the most likely to pose a new and emerging power that challenges the united states ' military affairs .
the report was for the first time clearly defined russia 's india - china threat as a emerging strategic opponent , and in particular , it was a new challenge to the so - called " smart card " that was used to threaten china 's military threat .
the research fellow peng guangqian , a researcher at the chinese academy of military sciences , said :
what merits attention is that in the " four - year defense evaluation report , " the " defense review report " formally submitted a report on the same day , us president bush also submitted to congress a government budget for 2007 , of which the national defense budget has reached $ 439.3 - billion .
if the secret was added to the fact that the united states had launched military actions in iraq and afghanistan , the us budget for 2007 would be $ 2 billion , and the us budget for the fiscal year would be $ 100 billion , setting a new record high , peng guangqian said , almost equivalent to the rest of the world 's countries ' military spending and spending .
peng guangqian said : the united states has made a negative reaction to the hegemonic practice of the united states causing a threat from the pentagon . the real purpose is to strive for more " national defense spending " and to create a favorable external environment for the huge us arms industry .
experts said that compared with the huge military spending of the united states , china 's national defense spending is quite limited .
he has participated in several times in the white paper on china 's national defense , which was written by deng hongzhou , a military expert , said : since the 1990 's , with economic development , china 's national defense spending has increased , but the proportion of state financial expenditure has taken as a whole has declined .
official statistics show that in 2004 , the number of foreign - funded enterprises in china was 34.8 percent higher than in 1979 , and the proportion of china 's national defense spending in the same period was nearly 10 percentage points .
by 2005 , china 's national defense spending was 244.656 billion yuan , only about one - third of the united states .
the united states has a vast land area and a vast area of china 's territory . its military spending is so huge . what is the real military strength of the united states ?
peng guangqian said :
the chinese arms control and disarmament association director teng jianqun said that the us side should objectively appraise the situation of china 's military construction , and china 's peaceful development does not mean that the two countries will strengthen cooperation in the military field .
the " 2004 china national defense " white paper says that china firmly follows the path of peaceful development , practices a defensive national defense policy .
china has never been involved in any kind of arms race in the past and will not pose a threat to any country in the future .
so far , china has not made any diplomatic efforts in any other country , nor has it provided any military bases to other countries .
professor zhang qingyuan , professor of the institute of international relations at beijing university , said : china and the united states should increase communication and exchanges through the established channels , enhance mutual understanding and trust , and comprehensively promote the constructive and cooperative relations between china and the united states in the new century so as to jointly promote the maintenance of world peace and development .
( winter olympics ) dutch hosts in winter olympics
xinhua news agency , duilin , february 9 , by reporter ying ding ying and tao ying , the opening ceremony of the 20 th winter games will be held at 8 : 00 p.m . local time on 10 february at the zavilion of the olympic games .
on 9 november , the zurich winter olympics organizing committee sent a message to reporters ahead of schedule to the opening ceremony .
the meeting was of great significance to the opening ceremony , kisna , chairman of the organizing committee , who is also chairman of the organizing committee , said at a press conference that the opening ceremony had cost 10 million euros and gathered top - notch talent from various sectors in italy .
he said : the night of 10 july will make people feel unforgettable . the atmosphere at the conference hall , and the world 's 2 billion television audiences , which will see the full vitality of the inspiration .
the passive flames were filled with warm feelings , and the five brilliant rings of peace were bluff and the " brush " of the alps mountain and the " milk cow " would appear at the opening ceremony . the director said , the curtain said , the inspiration of the solitary vitality and the italian - style type talent will become the theme of the opening ceremony , and the most winter olympic games will be the most important one to the italian people
the famous italian designer asymi was specially designed for the opening ceremony , and the famous italian fashion brands , moiso , will provide a venue for the athletes ' admission ceremony .
however , the famous italian male louis parvanitti will be present at the opening ceremony to show the strength of the italian team .
eight people who can take the lead in flames were found to be a scourge of the flames .
officials of the organizing committee said that this was the first time that they had made the opening ceremony .
and on how to ignite the main torch , the organizing committee did not disclose it ahead of schedule , but the 57 - meter - long main torch platform will follow the example of the city and the nearby alps .
us president to visit china in accordance with plan
washington , february 9 ( xinhua ) the united states has decided to send a delegation to the united states for a three - day visit to china , us white house spokesman mcclellan said at a press conference on the 9th that although the cartoonist cartographic incident that blasphemy islamic preemptive mohammed mohammed mohammed has triggered a strong protest in the islamic world , president bush will still visit pakistan and india in march in accordance with the
mcclellan said that bush is looking forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he also said that the current efforts are being made to visit the country .
mcclellan made the above remarks at a press conference held in some pakistan regions to protest against the blasphemy of islam 's predecessor mohammed .
in january this year , bush met with pakistani prime minister aziz at the white house , and both sides indicated that they would strengthen friendly cooperation to jointly crack down on terrorism that endangers the security of the two countries .
bush also said that at the invitation of the pakistani and indian governments , he will pay a state visit to pakistan and india in march .
us government to send troops to help solve problems
xinhua news agency , ramallah , february 9 ( international observation ) the hamas cabinet has found a breakthrough in the cabinet to seek a breakthrough
xinhua news agency reporter wang hao , huang hao , huang hao , huang hao ,
the palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) has obtained the victory of the legislative council , how to draw a new government blueprint for the new government has become a focus of attention at present .
hamas will pursue a new policy to directly influence the progress of the peace process .
at the same time , the united states and israel 's boycott attitude has added variables to the future of the hamas government .
at present , all the parties in palestine are stepping up their consultations to reach a consensus on the issue of the formation of the cabinet that involves the difficulty and sensitive point of future developments .
the " three stresses " education has become a major topic of concern for the people .
hamas wins the cabinet , and some people are worried that hamas 's prime minister will be able to hold talks with the current top leader abbas .
moreover , the chinese delegation , who is visiting egypt , is stressing that the hamas - led coalition government will be formed by the new palestinian government and will not recognize israel .
the united states and israel have clearly expressed their willingness to accept an hamas government that is not in the hands of the people and to threaten to break economic aid to palestine and to send a tax to palestine .
however , this does not obstruct hamas from making a flexible strategy to adjust its policy and to elect an independent candidate to be a policy .
according to reports , in order to obtain the international recognition to the maximum , the egyptian government recently held a meeting with the hamas leaders at home and abroad to elect an independent candidate to elect jaswant al-assad , president of the board of directors of the islamic grand school .
this move has not been approved by the relevant parties .
palestinian analysts said that the united states has no choice but to make a decision on whether the prime minister 's office is to spend his house , but the most crucial one is to try as much as possible to dilute hamas 's hardline leadership . only by doing so can it ensure the success of the cabinet formation .
the " three stresses " education is a major issue in the work of the party and government .
within the party , hamas has been facing the most serious challenge of the cabinet formation .
the palestinian newspaper " the day " analyzed that the hamas has adopted the method of gathering forces in the society through social welfare projects , but it has not been able to experience in governance and to cooperate with the palestinian national liberation movement ( fatah ) , which has the experience of governance .
hamas will not be able to achieve its goal of building a political and social security system with the participation of the international community .
fatah is now in a state of opinion on whether to enter the cabinet , and the faction is in favor of participating in the new government , so as to do some things and to reject hamas 's invitation . the other faction is willing to make a positive reaction to the opposition within the legislative council .
the source pointed out that in the wake of abbas 's persuasion , fatah gradually tends to join the new government .
even so , hamas and the fatah movement have also reached a consensus on the distribution of the cabinet posts .
in addition , another way is to form a framework of the legislative affairs commission to break away from the party - to - party cabinet .
according to reports , hamas also designed a clear - cut expert model , which is capable of providing a reliable basis for the specific list .
in view of the attitude of the united states and israel , the technical expert - type government is not neglected to form a cabinet to reduce external pressure .
according to the basic law of palestine , on 16 february , the new legislative council will be elected after the new legislative committee takes office .
the " three stresses " education is a major political issue that is not a topic of concern for the armed forces .
the weapons in hamas are the basis for the formation of a new government .
the united states and israel are very tough in their attitude and resolutely demand that hamas abandon violence and refuse to take part in politics .
hamas leader mahmoud abbas stressed on 9 november that armed resistance is the choice of strategy for the organization .
armed problems actually include the legality of weapons and the ownership of armed forces .
hamas has been a leader in the process of democracy and freedom .
hamas once proposed to separate the armed forces of various factions into the palestinian national authority , and the people are now overthrown , but they did not receive extensive response , and they were also attacked by the islamic jihad organization ( jaha ) .
palestine now has 60,000 security organizations , and the overwhelming majority of the people from the fatah camp .
moreover , fatah also has some organizational relations to swell .
the chief executive of hamas , who is responsible for forming the cabinet , must hold talks with abbas on how to manage the armed forces that are all in their own hands and rationally allocate the right to manage security .
according to local media reports , abbas intends to take charge of security and intelligence units , police , civil defense , and other institutions under the new government , and the ministry of interior will be under control .
however , the parties are still discussing this sensitive issue .
china 's first release of extreme investigation report
beijing , february 10 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a national marine monitoring and control center for the 2005 polar exploration of china , the state oceanography bureau said here today
the " report " has comprehensively reflected the great significance of the 2005 polar scientific investigation activities in china . it has pointed out the extreme scientific research method of the extreme scientific research .
according to the " report , " in the period of january 9 , 2005 , the " report " was tabled at the cpc central committee for an inspection of the inland ice - bearing investigation team at 22:15 ( beijing time ) . the investigation team successfully mounted the highest iceberg in the antarctic ocean , and conducted an investigation on 18 january , 15:15 ( beijing time ) on the spot of the icelandic qiong qiong 's most important position .
the competition is becoming increasingly fierce in the international extreme .
the state oceanic administration ( soa ) has made great efforts to improve the quality of the maritime industry .
the " report " shows that in march 2005 , the chinese people 's 21st south pole survey will be successfully completed . the chinese government will make a complete and thorough investigation of the 1,151 - day long voyage and the 2,6500 - nautical miles .
on 18 november of the same year , the 22nd antarctic expedition team of china left shanghai and went to the central mountain station in the antarctic to conduct scientific and technological examination . it will leave the central mountain station by the end of february 2006 .
because it was the first time that china published the extreme investigation report , the " 2005 china polar survey 2005 " has also made a series of major changes in the economic structure , which was started in the early 1980 s .
according to the " report , " in 1983 , china formally joined the " yugoslav federation " and became a signatory to the antarctic treaty and one after another , becoming a member of the nato and a member of the research council for extreme science research . the most influential nanopole council of directors , and other members of the international affairs organization .
in 1997 , china became a member of the beijing academy of sciences , winning the great support of the chinese people in international extreme affairs .
the " report " points out that over the past 20 - odd years , china has been extremely perplexed by this fact , has constantly developed , and has initially become a large - scale power . it has formed a " three - station " which is a great scientific inspection system that is : in february 1985 , the southern pole - - built in february 1989 , the nanopole center established in february 1989 , and the nanoshan station in july 2004 , 2004 , the arc@@
the " report " shows that by the end of 2005 , china had organized 22 large - scale scientific research projects in the antarctic , with the result that the snowstorm warning ship was carried on the platform , the beijing pole scientific investigation group had two times approved the beidaihe pole station , and so far more than 3,000 people have visited the site in the southern tiantan extremely important area .
at present , we are making efforts to build the third antarctic expedition station , and are also china 's first largest inland observation station in the antarctic . the result is that the caodrine spreads , the seeds , and the sodium is being investigated and study .
mr suen said :
after more than 20 years of efforts , china 's ultra - polar exploration undertaking has been developing in the world 's extreme exploration .
he said .
mr suen revealed that china will spend a total of $ 2 million annually in the future .
china 's top legislator meets with us president
xinhua news agency , havana , february 10 ( reporter zhou and cuban state council president castro met with visiting chinese vice premier qian qichen on 10 february .
president castro warmly welcomed chen to state councilor wu bangguo on his visit to cuba .
he said : cuba - china relations are very friendly and exchange of visits by high - level officials has been frequent , which has effectively promoted and strengthened friendship and mutual understanding between the two sides . he hoped that the two countries will continually deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in various fields , including education and science and technology .
chen zhili said : cuba is the first country to establish diplomatic relations with latin america and the caribbean region .
china and cuba have maintained friendly contacts and have a long history of contacts .
cuba is the first country to establish diplomatic relations with new china .
in the new century , under the correct leadership of the leaders of the two countries , the two countries have increasingly deepened political mutual trust and continuously expanded the fields of cooperation , and have supported and cooperated with each other in international affairs . the friendly relations between china and cuba have entered a new period of comprehensive development .
she believed that with the joint efforts of both sides , the friendly and cooperative relations between china and cuba will certainly be further consolidated .
chen zhili also pointed out that the chinese government has always attached importance to the friendly exchanges and cooperation with cuba in the educational field .
in recent years , the two countries have witnessed increasingly close educational exchanges and frequent personnel contacts .
china actively supports the ancient countries in holding international meetings and sent delegations to attend the previous meetings .
the fundamental education level in cuba is very high , and it is hoped that the experience will be further enhanced in the future .
chen zhili said : china and cuba have had fruitful cooperation in scientific and technological research and development , and they can further promote the development of the two countries ' relations through cooperation in various fields .
the current china aid some cuban scientific research equipment , hoping to provide scientific research and production support for cuba .
she also briefed castro on china 's strategy of rejuvenating the country through science and education and the situation of the national conference on science and technology .
chen zhili arrived in cuba on 23 june for a visit at the invitation of the cuban government . he began his official visit to cuba .
during this period , chen zhili met with cuban high - education minister alvarion vino and inspected the work of the havana university .
the beijing - kazakhstan highway has been closed down due to the disorderly condition of the oil leakage
harbin , february 11 ( xinhua ) the harbin international airport ( by staff reporter liang shubin ) on february 10 was closed at 23:00 , and a traffic accident occurred at 58 kilometers north of the beijing - kazakhstan highway , resulting in the closure of some sections of the road .
according to the report by the traffic police unit of the city public security bureau , at 23:00 on 10 april , the 58 - kilometer - long section of the beijing - kazakhstan highway collided with one vehicle and a vehicle collided with a vehicle . a tanker and a tanker truck collided with one another . the fissuer of the oil tank was found to have leaked and the waste oil inside was flowing into the road .
it is learned that the oil tank has a large quantity of coke - tar oil , which is loaded with oil tankers .
the amount of waste oil and self - accumulation is very high , and at the same time , fear that the past will cause fire to the vehicle , and the relevant departments have already closed the road to the accident scene .
harbin 's move to some roads in the dual urban direction was closed , and many vehicles were bypassed .
at present , relevant departments are screening the scene , and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
hk , hk to hold joint anti - sars exercise
hong kong , february 11 ( xinhua ) the association of southeast asian nations ( asean ) announced on the 11th that the extension of the flag to be postponed to march 11 , 2003 , the three - day extension of the flag - raising ceremony was postponed .
and huang huawei , president of the huang group , said that although the three - pronged regulatory agencies have received the approval of the market listing of all relevant organizations , the stock market has to be completed within the next few weeks because of the procedure for applying stocks .
at the same time , the current market condition of european telecom stocks is weak , and the market may not necessarily grant three million euros at this moment .
in view of the fact that the biggest interest of shareholders is considered , the decision to postpone the listing date .
as for when to reissue shares to be listed on the stock market , mr fok said that the future development of the european telecommunications market should depend on the situation in the future .
he said : from now to next , the stock market will be opened up , and the three italian governments need to conduct extensive investors education activities so that the global telecommunications investment market will be more clear about the three italian cities which are now enjoying a strong performance and favorable prospects .
according to media reports , three italian ministers , namely , the united states , italy , and italy , are the world 's most influential investment bank , which is one of the world 's most influential investment banks .
china 's top legislator meets myanmar guests
xinhua news agency , yangon , february 12 ( reporter zhang yunfei ) the chinese ambassador to myanmar , cui tiankai , and economic and business counselor , held talks with myanmar prime minister shaw on the eve of his visit to china on the 14th , said that economic and trade relations between china and myanmar have now shown a rich content , diverse forms of mutually beneficial cooperation and common development .
mr tuan said that in recent years , the friendly and cooperative relations between the two countries , based on the five principles of peaceful co - existence , have been consolidated and developed , and exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been expanding and deepening , and economic and trade relations between the two countries have been constantly expanding and strengthening .
tang haosu said : the high - level contacts between the two countries have maintained a high - level exchange of visits , which has effectively promoted the development of economic and trade cooperation between the two countries .
in 2004 , the two countries ' high - level exchange of visits , the two sides signed 33 documents on economic and trade cooperation , and most of them are being implemented and implemented .
he said : in 2004 , the united states was $ 11.4 - billion , and in 2005 , it reached $ 12.09 - billion , of which $ 9.335 - billion was exported to china , and $ 2.74 - billion was imported .
last year , the two countries ' trade volume reached $ 32.8 billion , up 24.8 percent over the same period last year .
tang haibin said : myanmar has become a major channel for chinese enterprises to carry out contracting projects . china has built a large number of projects in myanmar , including the power station 's bridges and factories ( such as the sugar factories , the cement mill , the cement factory , and so on .
chinese enterprises have launched projects in myanmar , which have promoted the development of various types of chinese electromechanical products , and myanmar has become china 's first largest export market for complete sets of equipment and mechanical and electrical products .
according to chinese customs statistics , in the past five years , the export of mechanical and electrical products has accounted for more than 45.6 percent of china 's total exports to burma .
tang jiaxuan also said that the burma is rich in resources , and the chinese companies have begun to invest in burma 's oil and natural gas extraction mineral resources development projects such as copper mine , and the development potential of economic and trade cooperation between china and burma is great .
he expressed the hope that chinese enterprises will have a long - term vision , learn to avoid risks , and make prudent policy decisions , and establish a good image of enterprises and that they will ensure the quality and quantity of the projects and will make good use of the country .
mr tuan and mr tang haozai believed that the visit by premier wen to china will be a major event in the history of bilateral relations this year .
the two sides will sign a number of economic and trade cooperation agreements during the visit .
world bank to reduce poor countries debt
moscow , february 11 ( xinhua ) world bank president wolfowitz said in moscow on the 11th that the world bank will completely dismiss the poorest countries by the middle of this year .
wolfowitz held talks with chinese vice premier qian qichen here on the same day with the finance ministers of the g8 .
he made the statement after the meeting , saying that the world bank will hold a meeting in the previous day of the debt reduction and exemption program before july 1 this year .
last year , the world bank donated countries completely exempted 28 million dollars from the debt owed by 28 countries and said they would provide the relevant trust funds with a fill of funds .
the imf 's creditor 's debt is less than the amount , and the organization has increased from the end of 2005 to the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz 's dismissal of 16 african countries from debt - free measures is welcome .
the high - definition digital television has gradually become the mainstream in the united states .
new york , february 12 ( xinhua ) the united states has been making a major breakthrough in its development of its digital television sets , which are highly decentralized and overly overly overly digested , with the result that the price of television sets has been declining and the market has continued to expand .
the just - concluded us superstition , which was a us - style olive olive game , has become a new channel for the american broadcasting industry to welcome the heated competition of the television qing era .
according to the financial times , the united states congress recently passed a bill to impose sanctions on the united states broadcasting industry .
this means that the broadcast of the comprehensive digitized television program by the united states has already had a clear timetable .
the high resolution digital television broadcast has , on the one hand , relied on consumers to buy tv sets , on the other hand , to provide high - quality digital programmes by producing agencies .
although the number of digital tv programmes has been repeatedly mentioned in the past few years , it has never become a reality .
this issue has turned for the better this year .
according to the statistics of the us consumer electronics association , the number of digital television sets will increase by a record high in the united states for the first time this year , and the number of digital television sets will exceed the traditional tv sets .
japanese researchers have developed a new highly efficient kidney kidney kidney system
tokyo , february 13 ( xinhua ) the government of japan 's east china sea university ( east china sea ) has developed a new type of biosafety kidney , which not only has the same decent functions as the kidney of mankind , but also has the ability to retain the function of material elements , and also has the ability to transplant and transplant the kidney , which is easily transplanted , and is expected to bring back to normal kidney patients .
according to the " nihon industry news " recently , the newly developed biomedical cream is mainly composed of two parts , and some are from blood .
the venerable person was born in 1960 .
this type of skin cells can enable the blood analysis of several times to become a mystery , and can be seen as a kind of interesting and interesting cause of dioxin , resulting in the discretion of material separation into the acid and return to the blood . at the same time , it can also enable the wine transfusion and mineral materials that are essential to the body to enter the blood transfusion .
the past practice of having kidney transfers through insecticide pressure has been replaced by the waste filtering system , and it is not possible to completely remove it , nor to have the ability to make the essential elements of insecticide return to the function of blood .
researchers used mountain sheep to conduct bio - human transplant experiments .
two weeks later , researchers confirmed that the kidney had been able to function .
at present , they are developing and using the human kidney cells of human kidney and will be conducting a research on the safety of the kidney .
china 's power production safety is still facing severe challenges
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the state council has decided to set up a special power supervision and management committee to monitor the power supply in 2005 , according to a responsible official of the state power supervision and administration commission ( sasac ) on tuesday .
the state power regulatory commission vice chairman shi yubo said at a national work conference on electricity safety held here that the fifth national power production safety commission ( nac ) conference will be held in beijing , and that by 2005 , china 's overall power production safety will be stable and the task of electricity supply and power supply will be successfully completed , and the intrusion of natural disasters will be realized , and the work of ensuring safety in electric power production and the overall power supply and power supply will be
however , he pointed out that with the development of the situation in electricity supply and the large number of newly built generating units , the power production safety will face new challenges .
these challenges include : the seasonal times of enrollment of electricity supply will still exist , and some areas will have to face a situation of overlapping power supply and demand , and the favorable mechanism for coal prices has not been formed , resulting in a relatively big problem in the supply of coal , and at the same time , the problem of the decline in coal quality has not been effectively controlled , and the impact on the operation of power generating units will be serious .
shi yubo said : with the deepening of the reform of the power system , many deep - seated contradictions will be constantly exposed , and how to maintain the stability of the workers ' ranks and ensure normal production order will become a new issue facing us .
in response to the new situation in the work of electricity safety in 2006 , shi yubo said : we should further consolidate the basic work of electricity safety production management , speed up the establishment and improvement of the mechanism for emergency management of electric power , and enhance the ability to deal with unexpected incidents , and strengthen coordination and cooperation in the power plant network to jointly safeguard the safety of the power system , and continue to do a good job in supervising and managing the work of building the dam safety and the construction
it is learned that in connection with the new situation in power safety management , the commission will make a comprehensive plan for the implementation of the " interim regulations on investigating electric power accidents " which has been promulgated this year . at the same time , the work of ensuring safety of the power station and the security protection of the second system of power stations will be successively promulgated this year .
by 2005 , the total electricity consumption in china will reach 24689.9 billion kilowatt , an increase of 13.45percent over the same period last year .
in the face of the situation in which electricity supply is still tight , the contradiction between coal , electricity , oil , and transport is conspicuous , and various power enterprises have taken effective measures to strengthen equipment management . last year , there was no major accident in the production of electricity nationwide .
the accident occurred 74 times , a drop of 127 times over the same period last year , and 427 accidents occurred in equipment , down 132 times from the same period last year .
the south african government has not made any sense of urgency about the problem of the lack of transparency in the country 's affairs , the minister said .
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a joint working group with the south african government to promote the development of the relations between the two countries
he also said that the south african government would do its best to crack down on all forms of crime .
" the government will continue to work with the government to reduce the crime rate to zero - sum , and hopes to see every person who works in south africa , " said the ambassador .
since 2006 , the number of people in china has been increasing by more than 10 million , and the number of chinese people in the world has been increasing .
the chinese foreign ministry has made solemn representations to the south african side and reminded the chinese citizens in south africa to further enhance their awareness of security and guard against crimes . overseas chinese have strengthened their unity and friendship and cooperated with the police in cracking down on crimes .
i would like to express my heartfelt condolences to the families of the victims .
" the government has not made any effort to help the government in its efforts to improve the people 's livelihood , " he said .
according to a briefing given by the chinese embassy in south africa , the south african police have successfully cracked the case of chinese fujian woman chen jianqing in south africa on 5 february , and a suspect has been arrested .
the police are hunting another man who is suspected of being connected with the case .
according to the south african embassy in china , the number of people suspected of shooting hong kong businessmen in january this year has been arrested by south africa police and the victims ' property has been recovered .
on the chinese citizens ' killing incident , zhang said that the chinese government has always attached great importance to the incident and has never ceased its hegemonic acts against the trade disputes between the two countries and other fields .
according to the statistics released by the tourism commissioner of the south african embassy , the embassy has only issued a total of 2,000 visitors to the chinese people in the first 15 days of this year .
according to the official statistics of china , south africa will have a population of more than $ 2 billion in 2005 , the largest trading partner in africa .
the bilateral trade volume reached 7.27 billion us dollars , up 23.2 percent over the same period last year .
however , the tourism sector believes that the number of cases in which chinese citizens were killed in 2004 has had a negative impact on the number of chinese tourists to south africa .
according to statistics from the south african tourism administration , the number of chinese tourists coming to south africa in the first half of 2005 was 20331 , down 914.9 percent over the same period last year .
at present , the chinese living in south africa has about 200,000 people , and the number of urban and rural areas in south africa is around 200,000 .
analysts here believe that the gap between the rich and the poor in south africa is widening , the unemployment rate is high , and the flood of guns is not deterred , and the crime rate is still high .
because many chinese do not understand english , they have a common sense of cash and money at home , and they are more easily accustomed to committing a financial attack .
hk , hk to hold joint on - the - job english learning and training
hong kong , february 13 ( xinhua ) the hong kong special administrative region government ( hksar ) launched a new workplace english campaign on the 13th to help more working people raise their english standard .
this is a very good english , bumper and rich , as a theme of life , which includes a series of publicity activities to promote the development of english in workplace , and to enable employers to better understand how to help employees upgrade their english standards .
up to now , the scheme has allocated nearly 25,000 people to complete workplace english training courses , which will enable them to achieve the relevant job - related categories of english benchmarks in hong kong .
the hong kong workplace english campaign is one of the highlights of the government 's policy initiatives in 2000 .
the " english campaign " is a major project to provide workplace english training assistance .
the programme aims to help the elderly in working - level workplaces to obtain the necessary english language skills through participating in the training and the entry of designated international business english examinations .
the results of the test of aids in hebei province have been released free of charge .
xinhua news agency , shijiazhuang , february 14 ( reporter dong zhiyong ) the hebei provincial health department recently issued a " circular on the voluntary voluntary consultation and testing of aids in hebei province " ( trial implementation ) , which clearly stipulates that the implementation of the voluntary voluntary registration system for hiv testing and testing will be able to detect and control aids patients to the maximum and to further implement the prevention measures and the pressure of severe acute respiratory syndrome four to avoid last - minute rush
the " proposal " has defined the guiding principles for voluntary aids consultation and testing in hebei province : the testing and consultation on aids resistance and consultation for the purpose of implementing free - of - charge , the voluntary testing and consultation for aids resistance , the voluntary agreement for testing and consulting , and the consultation and confidentiality of aids .
the " proposal " demands that aids consultation and testing centers be set up at convenient locations for consulting people , and to protect the privacy of the consulates , there should be an independent room for testing aids patients , which can be conducted on one side .
the service of the advisers should be given full consideration to the personal quality of the people , the knowledge and the ability of exchange .
to protect the privacy of the consulting insiders , the examination and verification departments may adopt the code or number to register them .
the " proposal " also requires that the administrative departments of health at and above the county level should publicize their local responsibilities for the voluntary voluntary test of aids in their own major local media and the number of consultation telephone calls for the masses to understand the relevant information .
the ministry of public security has made a clear - cut stand on the extortion of confessions by torture to release inspectors and is still a focus of its work .
beijing , february 14 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to further strengthen the supervision and inspection of the public security organs in the country
the inspectors also focused on the prevention of these problems .
he also pointed out that some international organizations have expressed strong dissatisfaction over the law enforcement situation of the chinese police .
the ministry of public security issued the latest information on 14 november , stating that the ministry of public security issued the " interim procedures for public security organs to implement the disposition measures in 2002 " and " the provisions on the application of continuing interrogations by public security organs " , thus better ensuring the right of the grassroots public security organs to apply the system of interrogation .
since 1997 , the state has made important contributions to the in - depth promotion of three types of management ( namely , the elimination of extortion through extortion of firearms and police through intensive management , and the efforts of police inspectors of public security organs throughout the country have been upheld by the police force to carry out intensive investigation and handling of firearms and ammunition .
to eliminate the root causes of law enforcement , the police inspectors have further extended the enforcement inspection and enforcement action to crack down on the application of paging measures .
hk , hk to further enhance ties with taiwan beijing , july 13
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the delegation of the taiwan strait exchange foundation ( sef ) , which was once the honorary chairman of the taiwan strait exchange foundation , was sent to taipei for emergency treatment due to the failure of the acute muscle sam and the bloody failure of the strain of the heart and the illness .
sun yun - hsuan was born in beijing on 11 november 1913 .
it is the first time that the kmt has made its members from the 10 th to the 13 th central committee , the 12 th central standing committee members , the 14 th central committee , the members of the central committee , the presidium , and the 15 th central committee of the evaluation committee .
he was a taiwan leader who was a troublemaker of the taiwan authorities ' economic ministers , a former executive yuan president , and others .
heilongjiang province has pushed the construction of the songhua river 's ecological environment , and has promoted the evaluation and countermeasures of the pollution ecological environment of the songhua river
harbin , february 16 ( xinhua ) the harbin international airport has been making great efforts to do a good job in the songhua river sealing and ice - melting water and the follow - up monitoring and pollution control work , and heilongjiang province will actively promote the construction of the songhua river 's ecological environment impact assessment and countermeasures .
this reporter learned from the heilongjiang provincial environmental protection bureau that the state environmental protection administration , which is led by the state administration of environmental protection , has organized a study on the impact of the major pollution incident on the ecological environment and has jointly determined 15 special topics , which are divided into four stages : an evaluation of the emergency environment and a countermeasure effect , and the control of the pollution caused by the pollution control project and the comprehensive control of the human body , and the specific time is divided into three
at present , there are 10 scientific research institutes in heilongjiang province that are planning to take up more than 60 people 's of 14 research tasks .
according to the briefing , environmental protection departments and related scientific research institutions will conduct research on five special topics , namely , the emergency environmental assessment and countermeasures for the incident , and strive to resolve the environmental problems that the masses are most concerned about .
the main control measures include the following : the concentration of pollutants with the total discharge volume of pollutants outside the country has a serious impact on the safety of the songhua river in terms of food safety , and assess the decentralized water flow and the safety of underground water supply to assess the emergency water supply situation in cities under the control of the city 's security and control of the water supply and water supply facilities .
heilongjiang province environmental protection department will also intensify the construction of the songhua river 's coastal environment , and strictly investigate and deal with illegal pollution discharge and illegal construction that cause serious pollution .
heilongjiang will dispatch environmental law enforcement personnel to supervise and guide the development of environmental protection in small river basins , improve the system of antoy river jubilance , and other supporting rivers .
beijing university 's memorial hall to offer condolences to wang xuan
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a national defense university in beijing after a few days of intense preparation , and beijing university has set up a memorial hall at the memorial hall on the morning of 15 february , and by noon that day , more than 100 people have come to the memorial hall to pay their condolences .
at 08:00 , the opening ceremony of the hall was not yet over , and there were several dozen people outside the gate .
the reporter learned from the beijing university 's commemorative hall on the occasion of the centenary of the beijing university that the wall of the hall was hanging a black horizontal curtain : graceful grief mourning wang xuan 's works .
the front is a small piece of paper with a 10 - square meter selection of wang xuan . he wore a glasses , and showed a smile , with a smile and a smile .
the two sides of the portrait are placed on the two sides of the pavilion , several dozen flowers blossom .
one of the rewards of the flower circle said : " the snake has been blamed by qin sheng 's brilliant foundations , and the lead fun to welcome the arrival of the generator . the sooner 's sooner 's sooner 's day , the curtain has been drawn , the curtain has been opened .
the hall was filled with a smile and a smile . the atmosphere was filled with a smile .
the crowd of the memorial tablets were leaders and teachers and students of beijing university , and friends from wang xuan , who had been a student , a student 's name , and many of the people who had not been so familiar with him also specially came to the scene .
some of them hold flowers in their hands , some hold a floral basket , each person has a pair of flowers in front of his chest , and slowly walked to the place where wang xuan 's fellow is a member of the academicians .
many people could not bear the burden of tears .
he was the director of the state cultural relics bureau , and was a professor at beijing university .
the fuxin academician named wang xuan was a person with a sense of urgency for learning from others . he made outstanding contributions to the state and society . the people will never forget his outstanding contributions , and the people will never forget his brilliant deeds .
the beijing university law school , professor jin ruilin , has a close relationship with wang xuan 's old friend over 40 years .
a few days ago , he was discharged , and he insisted on having a meeting with old friends today .
mr kim left the book and said that he was pleased to see the development of the economy and the development of the economy .
he told reporters that wang xuan 's life was very frugal and completely smooth . the tong government garden was a scene of a professor .
later , he moved to the lianyuan garden , and was moved to the place of the 70 - 80 square meters .
beijing university gave him a special lecture at the academician building of the blue camp , and a house of more than 140 square meters . he did not want to , and the high - level housing offered by the city 's main building was also not to mention , nor did he want to see .
mr kim said with deep feeling that wang xuan had been very active during his overseas visit , and he was very pleased to have left him . however , he resolutely denied that he had been going abroad .
when the tumultuous snakeheads were about to persist in not applying for academicians , he was a student only after he was mobilized many times to fill out the lists .
mr jones said he was deeply moved by the fact that wang xuan 's attitude toward the cultivation of young people was also stressed many times that he was looking at what i had achieved and not just looking at myself , but should depend on the cultivation of young people .
" we have a very good relationship with the chinese people , " said mr kim , who is a young man who has been a young man in his 50 - year - old career .
this is very important to a country with great achievements .
the reporter learned from the beijing university news center that from the 9:00 am on 15 february to 12:00 noon on 19 february , the number of people who were working in the company of wang xuan 's academician was opened to the public every day . the memorial hall was opened to the public to offer condolences to people from all walks of life .
the " falungong " cult , which is known as a typical example of the present era , has been a chinese academy of sciences academician at the china engineering institute , a academician at the third world academy of sciences , wang xuan , who is a professor at the third world institute of science , has been invalid because of illness . at 1133 on 13 february , he was sentenced to death in beijing and hospital and was promoted to be promoted to be a life of 70
chinese , thai presidents exchange views on bilateral ties beijing , april 23
wu bangguo attended the signing ceremony and also signed the agreement .
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to further promote the friendly cooperation between the two countries in the fields of economy , trade , economy and culture , wu said
the npc and the chilean parliament have established a mechanism for exchanges .
it is reported that chilean parliament speaker romanian president romo and house of representatives speaker arsenal , have already met with president jiang zemin in santiago , the capital of chile .
according to the agreement , the two sides will , in accordance with the principles set in the communique on the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and chile , establish a political dialogue between the npc and the chilean parliament , establish a dialogue committee , and take turns to promote the development of the relations between the two countries in an all - round way at an unregular meeting .
chilean ambassador to china korrita ferrero and other officials attended the signing ceremony .
china will introduce a new information network dissemination rights protection regulations
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a number of websites to attract foreign media to conduct online news coverage , including newspapers and magazines , according to the latest news released by the xinhua news agency
wang ziqiang said : according to the current law , newspapers and periodicals have published works that have been published , so long as the author does not act as a threat to use qigong statement , newspapers and periodicals may not agree to use the works , and at the same time , they should pay for the payment of the newspaper and periodical fees . the state copyright bureau has specially formulated the criteria for transferring the payroll of newspapers and perio@@
however , according to the current law , the number of newspapers and periodicals has the right to approve this legal license . at present , the internet does not enjoy the right to grant such a legal license .
in accordance with the relevant judicial explanations made by the supreme people 's court , the practice of newspapers and periodicals transmitting the legal license can be used on the internet , that is , short - term articles published on the internet , and the author has not made any decision to use the paper without approval of the author . the internet can not be used without approval . meanwhile , it is also necessary to pay a fine .
however , as the judicial interpretation has not provided any provisions on the remuneration level , it is therefore necessary to make the use of the internet when it is used .
the state council has decided to issue a document on the use of the internet for the short - term works that have already been published on the internet , and to ascertain the facts from the legal level .
wang ziqiang said : is it true that the government has not yet made any decision on whether or not to include it in the scope of legal confirmation and the provisions on protection of the right to disseminate information on the information network this year ?
us president says russia will not send troops to iraq
moscow , february 15 ( xinhua ) the russian government has decided to set up a joint military exercise with the russian military in the near future , said russian defense minister sergei ivanov here tuesday
the russian state duma ( lower house of parliament ) chairman kobck said on the same day that the georgian parliament 's resolution on the russian peacekeeping forces was issued , and that the resolution would undermine the stability and stability of the region and would also be a positive contribution to the russian - georgian relations .
he stressed : the resolution passed by the georgian parliament has further improved the relations between russia and georgia .
he said that the georgian side 's accusation against the russian side is absurd .
the georgian parliament adopted a resolution on the same day , demanding that the russian peacekeeping troops stop their peacekeeping operations in the southern seismic , but did not determine the specific deadline for the withdrawal of russian peacekeeping troops .
georgia 's parliament accused russian peacekeeping personnel of failing to fulfill their obligations stipulated by the law and regarded russia 's actions in the region as a threat to the region 's attempt to swallow the territory of georgia .
the georgian parliament has demanded that the government take active actions to consider the possibility of entering the international peacekeeping force in the southern seismic clash area to replace the present peacekeeping action taken by russia in the region .
the georgian parliament also instructed the government to revise the stipulation that russian peacekeeping personnel should be stationed in the conflict area .
the south ossetia is a autonomous state of georgia , and has established ties with the russian north ossetia republic .
after the disintegration of the former soviet union , it declared independence on its own and had long been in a state of confrontation with the georgian central government .
at present , russia has deployed more than 100 troops in the region .
this unit is based on the experience of russia 's plight in 1992 , which is a result of the efforts of the governments of the four countries to enter the country .
liaoyuan hospital : four responsible persons will be charged with the charge of the crime of a major accident .
changchun , february 16 ( xinhua ) the state council on friday decided to open a new section of the hospital in liaoyuan city , jilin province , after the extraordinarily serious fires occurred in liaoyuan city , jilin province , and the four responsible persons of the hospital 's power squad , zhang diankun , will be charged with the crime of being suspected of major accidents .
on 15 december 2005 , liaoyuan city 's largest hospital became the largest hospital in the city .
in the fire , the chinese people 's liberation army ( pla ) and the chinese people 's liberation army ( pla ) have been fighting with the " falungong " in an area of 5,000 square meters .
it is learned that this is the first time that the national medical and health system has undergone a major change since the founding of new china .
according to investigation , the accident occurred at 1630 on the same day , and the liaoyuan city center hospital suddenly stopped power . according to the design of the hospital , if the power stops , the power generating gate will automatically jump to the deputy gate , and continue to maintain normal power supply in the hospital , but the gates did not jump out of the gate . the power squad leader zhang diankun was not assured .
and the number of underground electricity cables that used to be smoke was more than 10 cables , and the total volume of the cables was uncovered together . as such a cable should be very and tidy , the cables should be laid down in a very lively manner , and the fire - fighting layers should be set up .
therefore , the 57 - year - old liaoyuan textile company 's electric installation team leader zhao yongchun , said that the power bureau of liaoyuan electric power bureau retired cadre ( senior engineer ) sun fenglin , who retired from the city center hospital , after returning to the job of the staff and workers of the liaoyuan city hospital , was also indicted for committing major accidents .
china 's rural tourism industry , guizhou 's first tour , is held in the castle of tin lung , tin lung , tin long
xinhua news agency , guiyang , february 16 th , by reporter xinrong shi
at 10 : 30 am , the five - nation salvage campaign ended , with a long and colorful trouser , the 80 - year - old zheng peimin , who was wearing a green trousy shirt , sounded the first marching move in guizhou , china 's rural areas .
tin lung tsuen is a village in guizhou 's rural areas .
as the first generation of the japanese people 's army in the history of the ming dynasty , the country has become a great power in the past 600 years .
here , the number of people wearing a broad and broad - mindedness blue long - sleeved gown is seen everywhere , and the ancient han culture and dressing of clothes are preserved in the village of tatai .
it is learned that the tianlong village has relied on this cultural tradition advantage to start developing its rural culture and tourism in 2002 , and only the total amount of its ticket income in 2005 reached 3.8 - million yuan , and 47,000 percent of the rural households have passed through the commercial transportation of commercial commercial commercial commercial goods , and the peasants ' per capita income has increased from 13.2 - billion yuan in 2002 to over $ 205 - million in 2005 .
the state tourism administration , mr yang shengming , said that following the completion of the tianlong castle first tour , the focus of the new rural area was on newly emerging , new , and new experience in tourism , which has attracted worldwide attention .
up to now , more than 130 villages and towns in guizhou have launched various kinds of rural tourism projects , and by 2005 , more than 600,000 peasant households in the whole province have extricated themselves from poverty through developing tourism .
in january , 70 cities across the country increased their housing prices by 5.5 percent , while the shanghai housing price continued to slide .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a national defense education and training center in 70 large and medium - sized cities in january this year , up 5.5 percent over the same period last year , and the rate of increase has decreased by 0.7 percentage points over the previous month .
shanghai 's housing prices continued to slide .
the state development and reform commission 's statistics bureau released on 16 november the statistics of the state statistical bureau , which shows that most of the 70 medium and large cities are selling the same price as last month . the prices of housing prices have risen slightly over the same period last year , and the prices of shanghai 's housing sales have continued to decline by a small margin , down by 0.4 percent over the same period last year .
the same statistics show that the total value of imports of housing in shanghai reached 34.8 billion yuan in the first quarter of last year , and the change in the later period was mainly due to the rise in the second half of last year .
in january this year , 70 large and medium - sized cities were selling the same amount of housing prices , up 6.9 percent over the same period last year , and the increase was 0.2 percentage points lower than the previous month .
the newly built housing price rose by 3.6 percent in the same period of last year , including 18.99 percent in dalian , 14.717 percent in qigong city , shenzhen , 10.09 percent of the total number of chengdu , 111.4 percent of the total , while that of shanghai dropped 3.1 percent .
the cpc central committee organization department has called for further intensifying the work of supervising leading cadres and cadres in selecting and appointing cadres .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the central organization department recently printed and distributed a circular on strengthening the supervision of cadres .
the opinions require that organization departments at all levels strictly manage and care for cadres , and properly supervise and manage cadres in the course of cultivating and educating cadres .
the opinions pointed out : organizational departments ' major tasks in cadre supervision are : first , they should conduct supervision over leading bodies and leading cadres , and the focus should be on strengthening supervision over the principal responsible persons of leading bodies , and second , supervision over the selection and appointment of leading cadres of the party and government should be focused on the implementation of the " regulations on the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres of the party and government . "
in the course of conducting education in the supervision of leading bodies and leading cadres , the opinions have put forward the need to unremittingly do a good job in education on ideals and convictions and in combating corruption and promoting clean government , and to carry out education in the entire process of cultivating , selecting , promoting , and opposing corruption and promoting clean government among cadres .
the newly promoted cadres should be promoted to the rank of party members in terms of integrity and self - discipline .
we should urge leading bodies at all levels to uphold democratic centralism , establish and perfect rules and procedures for decision making , and seriously implement the system of collective leadership and individual responsibility in division of work .
we should give prominence to the supervision of the major responsible persons of the leading bodies , and organize ( personnel ) departments to regularly hold meetings with principal responsible persons of the leading bodies at the next level to find out about the work style of leading bodies .
establishing and perfecting the system of supervision over the daily management of leading cadres and exercising regular supervision over the ideological and work style of the leading cadres contingent , and putting forth opinions and measures for solving problems .
the practice of leading cadres to admonish and mislead talks and letters and to discover signs of symptoms has been carried out in a timely manner , and the practice of warning and warning is carried out in a timely manner .
the problems of leading cadres who are reflected by the masses should be seriously investigated and handled , and problems that are really or not , and the conditions of different cases should be handled in accordance with the principle of being criticized and educated and the relevant organization and organizations , and those who violate discipline and law should be handed over to law enforcement organs for handling those cases that have violated discipline and break the law .
at the same time , we should combine strengthening supervision with encouraging cadres to boldly explore new ways and innovations , and pay attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the opinions require that the organization ( personnel ) departments at all levels effectively strengthen leadership over party and government leading cadres in selecting and appointing leading cadres .
we should further improve the system of recommending cadres for nominating cadres for collective discussions and decision - making , and strictly implement the system of selecting and appointing cadres in a strict manner so as to provide a reliable political guarantee for the work of assigning cadres to work on the basis of the principle of having a good work style of being overly competent and having a good job of selecting and appointing cadres to leading posts at all levels .
we should strengthen supervision and inspection of the implementation of the regulations on appointing cadres , and strictly investigate and handle behaviors that violate the regulations on appointing cadres . we should resolutely check unhealthy trends and corrupt practices in employing cadres .
the practice of seriously using people in violation of rules and regulations has been instituted , and the intensity of supervision and investigation has been intensified .
establishing and perfecting the system of responsibility for the work of selecting and appointing cadres and implementing the system of accountability and responsibility system for selecting and appointing cadres in accordance with the principle of unanimity in power and scientifically defining the responsibilities of all links in the work of selecting and appointing cadres .
we should give full play to the role of mass supervision and establish and perfect a mechanism that enables the masses to exercise effective supervision .
we should give full play to the role of media supervision and report to the media on the relevant situation in the work of selecting and appointing cadres in a timely manner and accept supervision by the media .
the opinions put forward the need to further improve the mechanism for coordinating and coordinating the cadre supervision work .
the organization ( personnel ) departments should strengthen ties with discipline - inspection organs , establish a mechanism for coordination with discipline - inspection organs in the work of improving the party style and building a clean and honest government among the cadres concerned , and strengthen the joint force of supervision .
in coordination with discipline inspection organs to conscientiously do a good job in inspection work , improve inspection methods , improve inspection systems , and enhance the quality of inspection .
in coordination with auditing organs in seriously implementing the economic responsibility auditing system for leading cadres .
the organizational departments should improve the internal supervision mechanism for the selection and appointment of cadres .
hk , hk to hold talks on taiwan issue beijing , march 3
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a " national defense education center " on the 15th to punish taiwan 's chip chip chip chip , one of taiwan 's ching chips , and the " taiwan electronics company limited " ( called " lihua " ) , nt $ 5 million yuan , and the reason is that the authorities have provided assistance to taiwan businessmen who have built their ships and technological companies on the mainland .
taiwan 's " chung - kuo shih - pao " reported that this was a result of the proactive management policy dished out by chen shui - bian . after the proposal was put forward , the taiwan authorities imposed a penalty on taiwan businessmen 's investment in the mainland .
according to reports , taiwan 's ministry of economic affairs has approved the draft of the " taiwan independence " declaration because it violated the " one - china " principle , which ensures that the people on both sides of the strait are engaged in investment or technological cooperation in the mainland region .
in the future , the testimony will depend on the situation and the situation to be determined by the former chairman of the board of directors cao xingcheng .
the tugyi case was originally a case of corruption in february 2005 . at that time , the taiwan prosecutor 's and investigation department used 100 people to jointly collect intelligence from several top - level personnel in residential and office . it claimed that the united microelectronics company was suspected of investing in the mainland and illegally providing funds for the mainland .
the current chairman of the unitp , tsao xingcheng , then , publicly said that unicom had not violated any regulations of the taiwan authorities , and that the united microelectronics corporation had provided assistance to the technology of the company for the long - term interest of the unitedc . if it did not enter the mainland market as soon as possible , it would lose its business opportunity .
after that , taiwan authorities ' oversight and management committee decided to violate the relevant commercial information and to impose a " legal warning " on ununionized taiwan 's nt $ 3 - million on them .
on january 9 , 2006 , the unicom board accepted cao xingcheng 's resignation , and cao xingcheng was appointed as chairman of the board of directors several hours later for suspected illegal investment in the mainland .
the united microelectronics corporation and taiwan 's chip circuit corporation ( formerly known as taiwan 's " chip " ) , which is known as a " double - digit silk " in taiwan , are the leading enterprises in taiwan with high technology .
the taiwan authorities have been trying to link up with the united micronesia in the past year , and have received close attention from all circles in taiwan .
hk , hk to hold second term of office in hk , macao , taiwan , taiwan , macao , macao , macao , macao , macao , macao , taiwan , macao , macao , macao , macao , macao , macao , taiwan , macao , macao , macao , macao , taiwan : macao
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to open the door to the macao market in the second largest ever ever since the establishment of the macao society of directors of the macao society of directors , the beijing municipal committee of the china fair
this is a big event in the macao foundation and the 100 th huawei publishing house .
in 2004 , the return of macao to the motherland was the fifth anniversary of the return of macao , and the first macao enlightened and colorful cultural contest held in my heart , and the literary and art lovers at home and abroad responded positively , and the organizing committee received more than 8,000 works from the participating organizations , and more than 10 honored guests from home and abroad were invited to the macao sar to receive awards .
the executive director of the macao foundation , mr wu chi - liang , briefed the press on 17 july that last year , the historical town of macao was listed as a world heritage list , which not only indicates that the long - term way of life and community management mode of macao people have been affirmed by the world , but also signifies the chinese nation 's common desire to be built on the same cultural traditions as friendly nations .
mr ng said that it was under such a good cultural atmosphere that the chinese government had signed a memorandum of understanding with the patriarchal publishing house of 100 - plus literature and art publishing houses to hold the second term of the macao funeral parlors ' contest in my heart , hoping that participants would use the works to display their patriotic love and macao , and display the elegant character of macao .
according to reports , this competition was held on 1 september this year , and the " foreign edition of the spouses and sea " will open a column to select and write the items .
the results of the evaluation were announced , and the results will be announced in the macao sar in early 2007 .
shandong has successfully implemented a baby cardiac transplant , which is a natural case of cardiovascular heart transplant ,
jinan , february 17 ( xinhua ) the " falungong " cult organization has been active in the jinan military region recently , and the " falungong " cult has been successfully launched
on 17 july , the reporter saw in the remedial treatment room that 51 days after the handicraft , the baby 's face was red , and all monitoring and inspection indicators were normal , and the dangerous period of the operation was steadily over . the reporter was enthusiastically playing with the good wishes of the medical and health personnel to buy the toys he bought .
according to the doctors who took the case on that day , the patient , the girl from ta'an , shandong , was sent to the hospital by his parents . the whole body was purple , breathing , and after checking the coronaventiary of the purple milk , it was necessary to transplant heart .
cardiovascular surgery is the most difficult and most risky one in heart surgery .
in particular , the number of babies under the age of 1 was reduced to about one million , and the number of deaths is still empty .
the jinan military region 's institute of mental illness and illness organized experts to repeatedly argue that the operation and the post - operation custody plan were carefully designed to meet the same blood management methods .
on december 28 , 2005 , at 8:00 , the operation formally began .
the cardiovascular , who was the patient 's heart , was found to have been infected with the disease , resulting in the abundance of cardiovascular and laser .
the operation should be in line with six blood tubes , and the seedlings of more than 510 needles should be less than three mm .
on 29 june , the operation was a complete success .
the state administration of supervision and administration of safety : curbing serious accidents such as coal mines has been a major task that has occurred frequently in the past year .
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a national defense education and training center in beijing to help the victims of the accident , said the official
the reporter learned from the state administration of safe production on 17 july that in order to truly curb the serious accidents involving coal mines , coal mines are the most important tasks .
this year , the coal mine safety and the general administration of safety will do a good job in the following three things :
the coma continued to play a good role in vajpayee 's harsh battle .
the state council has decided to put the water conservancy projects in the first place this year .
if the gas wells are not allowed to be used for consumption , then the government will be forced to impose an immediate suspension of production according to law .
the coma continued to do a good job in rectifying and closing down the fortifications .
we should regard the information that has already been publicly announced to the public , and the recent reports in various localities , together with the more than 700 coal mines , as a key link to their deaths .
we should regard closing down as a regular task and should constantly close down those enterprises that disrupt resources and cause pollution without safety conditions .
the state will strengthen the management of coal mine safety .
it is necessary to immediately correct the practice of blocking the slide in the management of large state - owned mines and to standardize the management system for small mines that are chaotic .
in particular , we should pay attention to key state - owned coal mines , and absolutely not allow overlap production of superstitious personnel .
this year , the production safety control index has demanded that all types of accidents nationwide decrease by 33.6 percent over the previous year , of which coal mines have declined by 3.5 percent .
one death 10 people were killed and more than 10 others were injured , and the number of accidents should be reduced by 55.6 percent .
these control targets have already been assigned to the provincial people 's governments , and various localities are now moving out of control at various levels to the grassroots level and enterprises .
statistics show that in 2005 , the number of coal mine accidents nationwide was 5986 , down 0.79 percent from the same period last year .
however , the 10 victims were killed or injured in one accident . the number of people killed was 66.6 percent higher than the same period last year .
us president says no new solution to nuclear issue in kosovo
xinhua news agency , belgrade , february 17 , by wire ( reporter he yi ) plisbanana ( reporter : eu commission president barroso said at the first session of the kosovo government on the 17 th that he hopes the parties concerned will continue to hold talks on the future status of kosovo and make efforts to create conditions for the final establishment of a democratic and multi - ethnic integrated kosovo .
barroso met with the president of the interim authority of cote d'ivoire , serbia 's serb representative , and other representatives of serbia 's serb - based serb - based serb power , and said the parties concerned should adopt a tolerant attitude to establish a democratic and multi - national integration in kosovo , a new government that respects the government 's ruling and protecting the rights and interests of minority nationalities was recognized by the international community .
he also stressed that the eu commission will do everything it can to help kosovo develop .
barroso also expressed his appreciation for the efforts made by the united nations in implementing the eight standards set by the un on the implementation of the eight standards for the process of democracy .
he said that the standards were designed to influence the relations between kosovo and europe .
he also urged all the countries in serbia and kosovo to join the union of serbia in order to make contributions to the realization of democracy and the integration of multi - ethnic groups .
barroso arrived in kosovo on the same day for a visit to the country .
prior to this , barroso visited croatia and serbia and montenegro and will also visit macedonia , albania , and bosnia - herzegovina .
( winter olympics , china , doping ) news analysis : sending out leids to the scene may not be settled .
xinhua news agency , duilin , february 17 , by reporter xizang zhang
xinhua news agency reporter gao ying and ding ying
although italy has repeatedly warned that the dutch government will not be able to send troops to the european union during the winter olympics , the italian government will not be able to get involved in the torture of prison 's pockets . judging from all the circumstances , this situation is not likely to occur in the first instance of the winter olympics .
the city 's winter olympics ended on 16 november .
the next day , the international olympic committee announced that the dispatch of lev was taken out of the winter olympic games . she was invited to the olympic games this winter .
the international winter bids alliance , which was held in beijing on the same day , made a decision on the two - year ban on the allocation of kala .
the international olympic committee has all along stipulated that athletes should be held accountable for the use of stimulants in the olympic games , and they will be cancelled and deprived of the qualifications for the competition , but they will not be subject to legal sanctions .
however , according to italian law , athletes are still required to carry and use stimulants in criminal activities , and the judicial organs have the right to directly arrest and investigate and use the stimulants to protect the environment .
last december , the ioc and the italian government , after a year of hard efforts , repaid the price of overdue pressure . after the agreement was reached , the two sides agreed to make a decision on the matter of the use of the italian athletes during the winter olympics .
after the unremitting efforts of the international olympic committee , the italian side had already made a decision four days before the opening of the winter olympics , and promised that the police would not enter the olympic village to search for the place of the athletes , but the drug - tested athletes will still be subjected to the investigation by the italian procuratorial authorities .
it has been reported that the italian government has supervised the activities of the ziguangyaman winter olympics , and has sent levan 's stimulants to dutch the case to the dutch procuratorial organ .
however , the ioc and perry have also made some progress on this matter .
russia 's winter bids are in the first place in the northern part of the country , the first in the country , the country 's northern kurds , said the russian delegation .
he has been a member of the world anti - doping agency for many years , a chinese sports official , who has been in charge of the anti - doping agency , said that once the leavages are returned to china , this matter will eventually be unsettled .
shi said that the international olympic committee and the italian government have held a meeting in the winter olympic games to discuss the issue of anti - doping agents .
according to the previous italian athletes ' habitual use of stimulants , the number of illegal immigrants has increased by a big margin .
therefore , the italian anta news agency senior reporter pela said that the dispatch of lev to prison was a very rare and uncertain one . the top - notch was a fine .
pierre also said that although the italian court can conduct a absence trial , the italian police have not been able to go abroad to send the lev to the justice .
if the leavages refused to accept the verdict , the italian side also took her to the other way .
xinhua news agency : new bird flu cases continue to occur in countries around the world
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a national bird flu monitoring center in africa to prevent the spread of the disease in the country , according to a report by xinhua reporters stationed abroad .
the world health organization confirmed on 17 july that three countries in egypt have found bird flu - like virus in the country .
in europe , france has also discovered for the first time the possibility of the five types of avian flu virus , the degree of vigilance in europe , and the strengthening of preventive measures .
the world health organization ( who ) 's east mediterranean regional advisor harasser harasser said in egypt on 17 july that the current cairo assassination in central egypt and the three regions in southern minaa have already found the three regions where the bird flu virus is infected with the h5n1 avian flu virus . the relevant departments of the egyptian government have begun to kill suspected avian influenza - like poultry .
experts point out that egypt is the second largest country in the middle east and north africa to move migratory birds to other places , and the number of migratory birds to enter the country is very likely to be a great possibility .
egypt has announced the ban on imported live poultry from abroad and has stepped up border control points .
the cameroon capital jakarta is a chicken farm in the past week .
the two countries have decided to temporarily suspend the import of poultry from nigeria , where the bird flu epidemic has occurred , and to suspend the import of poultry and pork from the two countries border .
the khartoum government also built a new national security system covering all its areas within a short period of time , and the basque center and the national veterinary laboratory also have been in an emergency await .
in europe , denmark and sweden signed an agreement on the initial elimination of the epidemic on 17 february .
the swedish veterinary institute has issued a report on the death of the dead birds found on wednesday . it shows that swedish geese have no avian flu virus .
the danish veterinary administration has confirmed that the country 's veterinary authorities have found the bird flu virus in the country of denmark , which has been found to have been infected by the virus .
however , the agricultural department said that denmark still cannot take it lightly .
the country 's economy has been growing at a rate of 0.9 percent this year , the world health organization ( who ) experts said in bucharest on the 17th that almost all of the regions in the danube delta have the avian flu , and it is necessary to take a serious view of this situation , and romania may continue to be threatened by the bird flu in the next three or five years .
in bangladesh , asia , the government has adopted all necessary measures to prevent the avian flu .
the government 's domestic livestock service has provided the relevant officials with information on the prevention of avian influenza , and also organized poultry farmers to conduct training .
prc : renmin ribao views china 's first joint venture to share blood information beijing , 16 jan ( xinhua ) -- the first chinese - language sharing information management system to share blood has been established in zhejiang province
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the number of deaths of the first chinese - made blood transfusion information management network system has been increasing at the center recently , the city said .
the relevant responsible person of the zhejiang blood center said that this means that any citizen will be held in any county ( city ) in zhejiang province in the future for the purpose of providing blood donations to blood donations , and there will be a single - handed code .
the responsible person further explained that if the import and export of the relevant code , the system will show that the insolvency diagnosis has not been interrupted , and will not be able to make the donations this time .
this will not only protect the lives of the donors themselves , but also effectively protect the rights of the blood donors to their health and safety .
in addition , when the blood supply is tense , the donors and their relatives have the right to use their blood in giving priority to blood , so long as they import the effective documents of donors , they can immediately show the blood donor information , which is quite convenient .
according to the latest statistics published in hangzhou 's " morning news " , the information system has now been installed in all of the 36 mining institutions in the province , and the number of blood donors from all blood - staffing organizations in the province has also been real - time , and the entire province has achieved a sharing of data .
to prevent the recurrence of a landslide accident in 11 villages in the philippines , the philippines has evacuated the emergency evacuation of 11 villages .
manila , february 18 ( xinhua ) philippine local officials said on the 18th that the 11 villages in eastern philippines had been in a move to prevent the recurrence of similar mountain landslide incidents .
the state department said that the government has decided to set up a new government to deal with the problem of the disease , which is caused by the lack of a new government .
the 11 members of the village , who have left the village , will be placed in seven evacuation centers .
lisbon said : the government yesterday ordered the government to withdraw the residents from the city , and sent people to inspect the village today because some villages are not willing to leave their homes .
on the 17th , the mountain landslide occurred in the southern part of southern hilletin town of southern hilly province , and the television screens showed that the mud and stone had already been removed from the village .
as the soil is very thick and humidity , it is buried under the water .
at present , 109 people have been killed , and 57 others have been rescued .
according to estimates , the accident caused the death toll to reach as high as 1,800 .
( overseas chinese community ) overseas chinese affairs committee of southern fujian province , quanzhou , january 29 , 2007 , has increased 35.2 percent over the same period last year , while the export of quanzhou , southern fujian province , was 35.2 percent higher than the same period of last year
fuzhou , february 19 ( xinhua ) the fuzhou city government announced here today that the country 's foreign trade exports to the country continued to grow at a high speed in january this year .
according to customs statistics , the total value of exports in quanzhou in january was 330 - billion us dollars , creating the best record , increasing by 35.2 percent over the same period last year , higher than the average growth rate of the whole province .
according to the statistics released by the quanzhou city foreign economic and trade bureau , the reason for the rapid growth in the foreign trade of quanzhou in january was mainly due to the role of several foreign trade support measures in quanzhou , the enthusiasm of enterprises for exports has run high , the economic operation of quanzhou has been brisk , the confidence of enterprises has been enhanced , and the highly efficient foreign trade development environment has been unimpeded .
