the number of the dead in the diagnosis of the dead man was stolen by two mobile phones , which were stolen by the investigation data .
london , june 6 ( afp )
the price of the new york daily newspaper pointed out that two of the records recorded princess diana 's death in paris in 1997 were the first to use the computer to inquire about the death of the former chief police officer .
the report pointed out that the theft has triggered a series of speculations , and the computer may have a computer - controlled secret .
however , a senior citizen , who was in charge of the case , said that the computer did not have any sensitive information on the computer or had any information related to the investigation .
the minister said that the government has been working with the government to promote the development of the hong kong special administrative region ( hksar ) .
the report said that the noisy - alabi police bureau 's officers had been working for a few days in the past to track two theft cases .
a major incident occurred in the southern district of the northern part of the island of kabul , which occurred from january 28 to 29 , and the second theft occurred last week .
norway police chief jose sam also said that there was no evidence showing that these two theft cases and shi wensheng 's case were not related to the work .
the minister said that he was deeply concerned about the situation in the country and that he was deeply concerned about the situation in the country .
the royal autopsy , brzeita , ordered in 2004 that the cause of the case be kept under investigation .
prairie princess diana was born in a restaurant in paris on august 31 , 1997 .
the french police have arrested the two men after two years of investigation .
sri lankan war broke out in late october , the two sides agreed to hold talks in geneva .
afp , lilun po , july 7 .
the hos will stop the peace process in norway , which is the largest of its kind in the world , said the sri lankan war organization , which agreed to hold talks in geneva on 22 april , to resolve the dispute over the last few decades of racial bloodshed .
norway peace envoy saimer said in london that he was very happy to meet with the tiger of the liberation of tanzania , and that he was warmly welcomed by the chinese side .
norway 's embassy in beijing said in a statement that the lethal conflict in sri lanka has caused various kinds of disputes , that is , the sri lankan government and the tanzanian liberation tiger organization , demanding that the norwegian government assist in the two - day geneva talks on february 22 .
two days of talks will focus on how to strengthen the talks on the issue of the " ceasefire agreement " that will come into effect on 23 february 2002 , and the agreement has not been fully observed by both sides .
the norwegian embassy said that the two sides would discuss ways to improve the implementation of the cease - fire agreement , which is also the first time that the two sides have conducted face - to - face talks at such a high level over the past three years .
solaam said that the purpose of his delegation is to lead the norwegian team to participate in the talks and the tiger of the liberation of tanjuan , which is led by barshch , while the sri lankan government is led by health minister daniel martti .
he said : the thick is the main gate to peace .
the resolution of the sri lankan racial conflict was first face - to - face talks , which was held in japan in march 2003 , but the tanzania liberation movement was not a formal meeting .
du lin 's winter olympics exposing the south - north korean team 's joint admission into the olympic games
afp , the capital city of kurdistan , april 10 , 2007
article 20 winter olympic games opened in du lin today .
south korean women 's competition slows in south korea , lee po - la , and north korean men 's skating skimming , han wen - jen , are the two teams respectively .
this is the first time that south korea and north korea have been holding a olympic team in the winter olympics .
to reflect the latest developments in the two sides ' efforts to improve reconciliation , the two sides held a series of meetings in the summer olympic games in sydney in 2004 and the summer olympics in 2004 in athens .
north korea has not participated in the joint military exercise in the salt city of the united states .
the korean peninsula was founded in 1948 as a part of the practice of capitalism and communism in the north and the south of korea . the two sides had held a summit meeting in 1950-1953 .
the south korean leader , kanhan , was elected president of the republic of korea after the summit in 2000 .
according to traditional greek team , the first team to enter the country , and the first group of the competition was held in 80 countries .
landlord , the national grand prix team , is the last to enter the country . when the righteous team entered the stadium , the sports ground immediately sounded the warm applause .
howard said that he was deeply fond of drugs , but he had realized that a new phase of the performing arts was created in a timely fashion .
new york , april 16 ( afp )
the two countries , which are recognized as one of the most hopeful countries to win this year 's oscar age , movie relics : cold blood , white , white , white belonge , and the pickpockee , revealed that they had been in a low - lying manner in the drug and wine years and had no way to escape themselves in the fight against drugs and wine .
howard said in an interview with cbs that he was a " big man " who was visiting the united states for 60 minutes , that period was a time for the united states to get drugs and wine .
at that time , he was only 20 , and just left the drama department of new york university , and entered the new york - colored society , where he was living every day .
in his 22 - year - old age , he was admitted to the hospital and was taken away by the police .
the upcoming second round of talks will be held in oslo next month .
under the current situation , he was superb in performing arts long ago . he has won a lot of prizes .
the 38 - year - old actor said during the interview that if there were no such thing as the pain before the adult , it would be difficult for him to get a good chance of winning the nomination of oscar .
he said that he was envied with those who were 19 years old and suddenly became famous .
the avian flu is a four - year - old european and a panic - stricken european state .
brussels , march 16 , 2007 ( afp )
the avian flu virus has been spreading in europe .
eu executive council approves new legislation to cut off unused leather water
africa and africa have a common responsibility to identify leukemia , a deadly virus , after the eighth day of discovery .
egypt officials are investigating a case in which a chicken farm in the southern part of the farm suddenly killed a collective , worrying that the virus might continue to spread .
the european chickens market is affected by the virus . the virus has a big decline , and the eu executive committee stressed that there is no reason for panic .
the executive committee is responsible for the work of the health and food safety commission , which said that the public is concerned about this matter .
following the provisions in the previous virus , the three - kilometer protection area and the 10 - kilometer warning zone , the eu commission once again worshipped the new regulations and handed the virus to the eu side of the entire eurasian region of discovery of the virus .
a non - toxic officer of the european union pointed out that each person is very nervous and that they have gone to the united states every day and night to handle rumors from various parts of europe that doubt the outbreak of the disease has already occurred .
the european region has so far received a total of 2,658 pole - synthetic imitate in germany 's northwestern germany , a romantic imitz , and a russian - owned territory in europe .
romania on thursday found the 31 th case of the disease , and the 31 st infant in slovakia , and the rugene island of germany , also found new cases .
italy 's southern part was a small country in two ducks .
eu officials are now most worried about the possible impact of the upcoming return of the migratory birds from africa .
nigeria and china are now strengthening their work to prevent the spread of bird flu in the african continent .
the nigerian government announced that all the infected areas would be closed to the affected farms for five kilometers .
neighboring countries , the nigerian government announced that the country had entered a state of alert and allocated four million us dollars of emergency plans , monitoring and rescue efforts , and the border between nigeria and china .
the newly established national emergency committee said that they would receive a notice and would not be able to contact the two countries with the border of relaxed and relaxed warning .
the china electronics bank 's business management regulations will be implemented on 1 march .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 6 , by reporter jie han and xu bobo ( reporter jie xu ) from the china banking regulatory commission ( cbrc ) on the 6th , the " procedures on managing electronic banking business " and " procedures on assessing the security of electronic banking services " recently promulgated by the cbrc will be implemented on 1 march 2006 .
the cbrc spokesman said that according to the management procedures , foreign - funded financial institutions ' relevant approval methods basically have not changed . that is , foreign banks ' branches have been allowed to open online banking business . if the new applications are to be increased , the banking industry will be managed by the branch in china .
in order to standardize the business banks ' use of the internet to conduct banking business , the pboc formulated and promulgated the " regulations on the management of online banking business " in june 2001 .
the cbrc spokesman said that with the rapid development of the electronic banking business of commercial banks , the interim procedures are no longer able to meet the needs of the monitoring of risks of electronic banking banks . the cbrc has formulated two new regulations for this purpose .
according to the cbrc spokesman , the cbrc has made a comprehensive assessment of the quality of the institutions ' qualifications , which is different from those of the industry or enterprises ' entry qualifications , and is not the only way for the evaluation of the electronic banking industry 's safety evaluation business . it is only a matter of financial institution 's reference when it chooses the evaluation institution .
as long as the security assessment institution meets the relevant requirements and requirements , even if it has not been approved by the cbrc , the financial institution can also hire its staff to carry out the electronic banking security evaluation , but it should be managed according to the relevant regulations .
the " electronic banking management method " has nine chapters and 99 articles , which are divided into four categories : general department applied for registration with changed risk management , exchange data exchange and transfer management business , outer - leukemia management , management of cross - border business activities , supervision of management of yu zheng legal responsibility and supplementary segment .
the " regulations on the evaluation of the security of the electronic banking industry " are five chapters , namely , the general department of investigation , the ministry of commerce , the ministry of supervision , the ministry of finance , the ministry of finance , the ministry of finance , the ministry of finance , the ministry of finance , and the ministry of finance .
" mao zedong zhou enlai liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , deng xiaoping , deng xiaoping , deng xiaoping , deng xiaoping , and jiang zemin on investigation and study " published and distributed the book entitled " mao zedong , deng xiaoping , deng xiaoping , deng xiaoping , deng xiaoping on investigation and study " and published the publication and distribution of the book .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 6 , the book " mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , and jiang zemin " compiled by the central party literature research center was recently published by the central literature publishing house .
in - depth investigation and study , and in - depth theoretical and practical integration , the formulation and implementation of correct policies and measures will be carried out in this regard . this is the result of the revolution led by the cpc and the basic work method of reform of renovating old enterprises under the leadership of the cpc .
comrade mao zedong 's works , mao ruyi , liu shaoqi , zhu xinyi , deng yuyi , and others from the older generation of revolutionaries , once made a major contribution to the investigation and study .
they have investigated and studied the practice and results of their investigations and studies , and they have played a positive role in guiding the party 's and the people 's cause in developing along the correct road .
" mao zedong zhou enlai liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , deng xiaoping , deng xiaoping , and jiang zemin on investigation and study " are divided into three parts : first , mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation have been removed from their theoretical studies , and second , mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation have made speeches on investigation and study ; third , they are the most important ones in the early 1960 s .
these surveys were mostly conducted in the first public publication .
in addition , two other articles on the previous report on the " taiwan independence " movement , which was published in the late 1950 s and 1960 s , were also added .
russia reiterates adherence to the one - china policy
xinhua news agency , moscow , february 6 , russian deputy foreign minister alekseyev said on the 6th that he was glad to see that the russian side adheres to the one - china stance .
alekseyev said that russia has noticed the new developments in the relations between the two sides of the strait that chen shui - bian recently made .
the russian government has consistently adhered to the one - china principle , firmly supported china 's efforts to realize the great cause of national reunification .
last year , the npc adopted the " anti - secession law , " and russia took the lead in openly expressing support for it .
alekseyev said that russia 's foreign ministry will issue a joint statement as soon as possible to reiterate the one - china stance and oppose the independence of taiwan .
chinese vice premier meets us secretary of state beijing , nov. 8
xinhua news agency , johannesburg , february 6 ( reporter chen ming ) - the fuqing mountain forest in fujian province , lin yixing , is a native of fuqing , south africa , was found in his bar at the early hours of the 5th local time . on the 6th , he was killed by local armed elements . at the hospital of burundi , capital of south africa 's judicial capital , on the morning of 6 february , he was rescued and died
according to the statistics released by the chinese people 's association of liberia , the incident occurred in burundi 's northwest region of more than 130 kilometers .
at that time , the shop owner lin yixing was in a house to check the goods and prepare to end the business day .
at this time , there were three customers in the shop , one of them was pulled out of the pistol and the robbed .
over 40 years old lin yaxing and the robbers fought and fought , the culprits fired the shots at lin yixing , and the latter fled the car .
after hearing the news , the local people rushed to the scene and sent lin yixing to the hospital for medical treatment . because of the ruthless cart of lin yixing 's body , the entire body of blood was filled with blood , and the blood was not only transmitted , at 3 : 30 am on 6 february .
on 6 february , the chinese embassy in jordan held a ceremony to announce the appointment of wu gang , a consular affairs official of the chinese consulate in turkmenistan , and lin changming , vice president of the association of fellow countrymen in south africa , to the burundian area to assist the family of the deceased in handling the aftermath of the incident .
mr lam is the first chinese to visit the united states in 36 hours .
( newspaper clippings ) shanghai : a part - time staff and a college graduates have become the main force in the work of an hour
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 7 , shanghai 's labor and social security bureau issued a document on the 6th on the latest hour of labor wages in 2006 , with a number of 120 jobs , more than the previous 11 jobs , and the original office of yu luyu , a former deputy secretary of the jiuzhou city bureau of labor and social security , has been promoted .
according to the statistics from the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau , at present , shanghai 's average employment of workers has exceeded 1 million .
according to a report by zhongguo qingnian bao , college graduates and concurrently - time workers are the main force of the working force .
through the investigation of nearly 8,000 people who work in an hour , the officers and men of more than half of them are part - time personnel , with a ratio of 51.1 percent .
the first - class worker 's cultural level is generally higher , and it is mainly engaged in technical work , such as translation work , part - time job placement , as high as 81.75 % , and fitness .
high income is the common wealth of many people who have worked for an hour and concurrently working .
it is understood that the monthly income of individual posts can reach tens of thousands of yuan , and the income will be hard to pursue . as if the voice is heard , the time of the job is too high for an hour to reach more than 2,000 yuan . for instance , the financial affairs department of lujiaze , etc.
the meeting of the people 's interest in expanding their knowledge is also a part - time job being subject to the favor of the whole profession .
for example , when a enterprise is a manager of the ministry of manpower , it has to be allocated a few months to arrange a job for a company to handle the work of the financial accounts of a foreign trade representative office .
mr. gu thinks that the most important part - time income is to enable his knowledge to continuously be better and better .
as some hours of work were set to go up , the working style was flexible and free , and many of them were being employed .
i
university students huang wei graduated from college , and he found a job without any merit . in the end , he was hanging at a guesthouse and used a piano to play music .
the pain is not very good at the present work , and the 100 yuan is 100 yuan in one hour , and the environment is good . i am going to do a few hours of work . the mine is a small house .
it is understood that the time for an hour worker has become a number of graduates currently seeking job - related experience , and the technical level of communication has increased , the social reading experience has become an important way to review the social history .
the graduates are working as an hour , mainly in the areas of knowledge and skills , and are relatively strong in terms of specialization and professional skills .
the hours of work and part of work are not high , such as the food pupil material , etc. , the unemployment officer has to pay a full - time job after simple training .
the figures showed that the average wage rate of the workers was about 10 percent , and that of the unemployed was 39.8 percent .
wu bangguo stresses need to improve work in anhui
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 8 ( reporter zou wenming zhou ) - - li lanqing , member of the political bureau of the cpc central committee and chairman of the national people 's congress standing committee , stressed during his recent inspection tour of anhui province that it is necessary to use the important thinking of three deputies to guide the overall situation of economic and social development under the guidance of the scientific development concept , conscientiously implement the central principles and policies in light of local realities , further emancipate the mind ,
on 6 february , the vice premier of the state council , accompanied by the wushan hydrogen , yu , and other places , went deep into the rural areas of jiuyu scientific research institutes and institutions of higher learning to conduct an inspection .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui has the advantages of being east - west - east - west - east - east - geometric - geometric - geometric - line agriculture , rich natural resources , and relatively good industrial foundation . it is relatively strong in science and education , and its cultural and tourist resources are exceptional and tremendous potential .
anhui should firmly seize the opportunity of promoting the rise of central china , always adhere to the principle of economic construction as the central task , closely integrate anhui 's actual situation with anhui 's specific policies , and creatively carry out work , and combine the implementation of the scientific development concept with concrete measures , and implement it in actual work .
we must sum up practical experience in a timely fashion , fully rely on the masses of the people , vigorously support reform and innovation , and constantly create a new situation in anhui 's work .
we must actively promote the building of a harmonious society , persist in bringing about good practices in protecting good things , and develop good practices for the fundamental interests of the broadest masses of people as our starting point and end - result of all our work , actively create conditions , and gradually resolve the practical problems that the masses of difficulties are facing , gradually change the dual structure of urban and rural areas , gradually narrow the gap between urban and rural areas , safeguard social fairness and justice , and jointly share the achievements
wu bangguo stressed : china has already reached the stage where it must rely more on strengthening its ability to make independent innovations and improving the quality of laborers to promote economic and social development . only by vigorously promoting scientific and technological progress and innovation can we achieve the leap in the quality of productive forces , and truly bring economic and social development onto the track of scientific development .
we must establish and improve as soon as possible a system and mechanism conducive to innovation , increase investment in science and technology , encourage patents to invent , develop famous brands , speed up the transformation of scientific and technological achievements into real productive forces , strengthen the status of enterprises as the mainstay in independent innovation , and continuously raise the rate of contribution to economic growth .
we must support and encourage the participation of technical elements in the distribution , establish and improve a system of statistics that manifests the ability of independent innovation , study and formulate financial accounting and government procurement , and support the independent innovation in policy , form a mechanism for encouraging independent innovation , and form a policy system for encouraging independent innovation .
we should create a good atmosphere of innovation in the whole society , vigorously advocate the spirit of daring to innovate and compete with others , and strive to create a good atmosphere for large numbers of talented people .
wu bangguo pointed out : the people 's congress should , in the course of ruling the country according to law , play an increasingly important role in the process of building a socialist country ruled by law .
to do a good job in the work of people 's congresses in the new situation , first , we must adhere to the correct political direction and unswervingly follow the road of socialist political development with chinese characteristics , and combine upholding the party 's leadership with governing the country according to law .
second , we should closely focus on the overall situation of the work of the party and the state , and closely focus on major issues in reform , development , and stability , and focus on hot and difficult issues that are of common concern to the masses of the people , and continuously enhance the effectiveness of the work of the people 's congress .
third , it is necessary to give play to the characteristics and advantages of the work of the people 's congress , adhere to democratic centralism , act according to the law , and collectively decide issues .
we must persistently follow the mass line , take the people as the foundation , and exercise power for the people , and be concerned about the people and benefit the people .
china 's proposal to build a nuclear power plant in the next 15 years
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 9 ( reporter li xing ) to enhance china 's international competitiveness , it is necessary to vigorously promote sustainable development and achieve key leaps . the state council issued the " state medium and long - term scientific and technological development program ( 2006-2020 ) " on 9 february , which has been issued by the state council , has made four major scientific research plans .
the four major scientific research projects are the first of the protein research project , the most important scientific project in the research of carbon monoxide , the research and development of nanimity .
the outline points out that the protein science is the most important and most important human genome in the fierce contention for life science in developed countries .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on studying the development of major biotechnology systems , study the protein of protein , study ubio , ubio , physicist , leukemia , protein bio - bio - function , and its interactive protein - protein - protein - protein - protein - protein research methods .
the outline also holds that the quantitative adjustment and control research has clear foresight and may have a major impact on the overall situation of the development of human society and economy by 2030 .
china must focus on studying the characteristics of quantum communications and the principles of regulation and control , quanzi calculation , restricted access to small quantum system , and the new quantum effect of quantum control and measurement .
in addition , the outline points out that nanometer technology has become the key point for many countries to raise their core competitiveness , and is also the key to china 's hopefully to achieve leap - style development .
in the next 15 years , china will be able to focus on the study in this area , including the development of the nanometer materials , the manufacture of skins , the functions of the equipment , the nimitz - thruster biomedicine , and the nasm - measurement and measurement of the nanometer , as well as the application of nanometer materials and nanometer material and the nanometer - control of the energy environment .
china 's population growth is large , and there are many shortcomings in birth , and there is a serious shortage of transplant organs ; the age peak is about to come . therefore , it is urgently needed to make breakthroughs in the theory of reproductive and breeding science and technological innovation .
in accordance with the outline , the 2006 - 2020 china will focus on studying the increase of stem cells and the regulation and control of crop cells , the matured and accredited , and the reproductive functions of the human body .
shanghai 's housing prices rose by nearly 7 percent last year .
xinhua news agency , shanghai , february 9 ( reporter huang ting ) in 2005 , the state made a decision on the macro regulation and control of the real estate industry , which has achieved remarkable results in shanghai .
according to the latest data , the average annual growth rate of real estate industry in shanghai was higher than that of last year .
of this , the prices of residential housing dropped by 4.8 percent from the previous year , while the prices of real estate industry decreased by 4.1 percent .
the shanghai municipal bureau of statistics , mr pan jian , said at a news briefing recently that in 2005 , shanghai 's average retail sales prices of shanghai 's residential properties were 698 yuan / square meters , an increase of 313 yuan over 2004 .
the total sales of commodities in china increased by 4.8 percent in the year , up by 6.8 percent from the previous year .
the annual real estate industry added to 670.2323 billion yuan , an increase of 4.4 percent over the previous year .
in the process of the loans granted by financial institutions , the balance of loans for individual housing was 264.494 billion yuan , and the amount of loans increased by only 5.94 billion yuan in that year , while the new loans increased by 28.8 billion yuan in 2004 reached 78.09 billion yuan .
pan jianxin said : from the beginning of the year , sales prices of real estate in shanghai , sales prices of commercial housing were stable .
the statistics also showed that according to the latest data , the total amount of foreign investment in shanghai 's real estate price in 2005 has somewhat fallen , and the average sales price of residential housing is 66.98 yuan / square meters , an increase of 36.3 yuan over 2004 .
in 2005 , the housing sales price will be higher than the previous year , with a rise of 9.7 percent , a drop of 6.2 percentage points .
according to his briefing , last year , shanghai municipality completed the construction of a real estate development investment of 124.68 - billion yuan , an increase of 6.1 percent over the previous year .
the sales area was 3158.87 million square meters , down 9.55 percent .
the total sales of commercial housing was 221.13 billion yuan , up 34.1 percent from the previous year .
two light aircraft were flying in new zealand
xinhua news agency , wellington , february 9 , two new zealand light planes collided in the capital of wellington on the 9th in the xiangnong area north of huizhou , killing about two people and injuring two others .
according to the statistics of the relevant responsible person of the local civil aviation department , the two aircraft drivers were all the drivers of the two aircraft .
at the time of the incident , two planes were flying at the non - air control area . according to the regulations , the pilots flew in such a region to deal with the navigation and safety of the aircraft .
a man who was on the scene of the incident was killed by a gunman told the new zealand media that when the plane collided , he heard a huge explosive sound and saw the speed of the plane crashed into the ground .
another witnesses said that the gunmen were killed in the crash and that the pilot had been killed .
at present , the cause of the plane collision is still not clear , and the local civil aviation department will conduct investigations into this incident .
chinese vice premier meets us president
xinhua news agency , buenos aires , february 8 , by wire ( reporter yu cao ) the chinese embassy in argentina , established by overseas chinese and chinese nationals residing in argentina , issued a stern statement on the 8th , strongly condemning chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence , and opposing any attempt to split taiwan from china .
the statement said that chen shui - bian 's speech at the forum on 29 january declared that he would abolish the treaty of unification with the united states and the guidelines for national unification were written on the progressive course of taiwan independence .
the compatriots on both sides of the strait have expressed their hopes for peace and hope for peace and stability in taiwan .
the statement pointed out that resolutely opposing and containing the tendency of splitting taiwan independence , safeguarding the peace and stability in the taiwan strait region , remains the common aspiration of compatriots on both sides of the strait and the chinese people in the world .
the statement stressed that argentina 's china council for promoting peaceful reunification is willing to work with all the chinese people from both sides of the strait to uphold the one - china principle in argentina , and firmly opposes the spread of taiwan independence in any form , and actively promote china 's peaceful reunification .
chinese expert : us preaching of military threat of chinese culture is groundless accusations
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 9 th , by reporter xuanliang li
experts believe that this is a challenge to china 's normal national defense construction .
the " four - year defense assessment report " is the new defense instructor of the pentagon .
the long - term , 92 - page report uses three parts to expound china 's military strength and the us policy of dealing with it . the report has a total of 15 times directly mentions about china 's orphan , or china 's imitate , two pieces of foreign exchange , saying that the bamboo is a major and emerging power , and china is most influential in military competition with the united states . if the united states does not have any anti - china measures , it
the chinese academy of military sciences 's research fellow yao yunzhu said that the united states ' senior officials had repeatedly expressed their views of similar views , but this was the first time that the united states had built such a big stick in the national defense strategic report .
the
the chinese academy of military sciences [ cass ] research fellow peng guangqian said :
what merits attention is that in the " four - year defense assessment report , " the " defense review report " was formally submitted on the same day , us president bush also submitted a report to congress on the government budget for 2007 , of which the defense budget was $ 439.3 - billion .
if you add to the reason for the war in iraq and afghanistan ,
peng guangqian said : the us guy fabricated the theory of other countries ' threat reflected the pentagon 's intention to create an enemy .
experts said that compared with the huge military spending of the united states , china 's national defense spending is quite limited .
he has participated in many times in the military review of the national defense white paper written by chinese defense experts deng hongzhou said : since the 1990 's , along with economic development , china 's national defense spending has increased somewhat , but the proportion of national financial expenditure in the same period has been declining .
official statistics show that in 2004 , china 's total exports of goods grew by 24.8 percent over the same period last year .
in 2005 , china 's national defense expenditure was $ 244.56 billion , a rise of only a considerable portion of the us national defense budget , and the per capita military spending of the us is only about $ 1 / 60 . military spending is only about $ 260 .

peng guangqian said :
the china arms control and disarmament association research department director teng jianqun said that the us side should objectively assess the situation of china 's military construction , and that china 's peaceful development does not mean that china and the united states will become rivals militarily .
the " 2004 china international convention on national defense " said that china firmly follows the path of peaceful development and practices a defensive national defense policy .
china used to and now did not have any such thing in the past , nor did it pose a threat to any country .
so far , china has not established any international economic and trade center in any other country , nor has it sent military personnel to other countries .
professor zhang xuezhong of the international relations college of beijing university said : china and the united states should , through established channels , increase communication and exchanges , enhance understanding and trust , and comprehensively advance the cause of sino - us constructive cooperation in the new century and jointly promote the maintenance of world peace and development .
( winter olympic games ) dutch winter olympic committee opens in beijing
xinhua news agency , duhran , february 9 ( reporter ding ying and yan tao ) the 20th winter olympics opened in the capital of dutch capital on the evening of the 10th , local time .
on 9 may , the duhran winter olympic committee held a meeting in advance to reporters on the brilliant arrangements for the opening ceremony .
the opening ceremony and the organizing committee chairman carter said that he was confident that the opening ceremony would be a complete success .
he said : the 10th night was around 10 november , and the chinese people will see the world 's largest population of 350,000 and the world 's 202 - million .
the fierce gunfire has become hot .
the famous italian designer , marina , has specially made a design for the opening ceremony , and the famous italian fashion brand , mogo , will provide a ceremony for the athletes to enter .
however , the famous italian boycott parvana was not sure whether he would be at the opening ceremony .
eight of the eight people who could be sprayed with flame , an ice ball , will be used for three meters long .
the organization committee official said that this was the first time that they won the prize in the current opening ceremony .
on the question of how to ignite the main torch , the organizing committee did not reveal earlier , but the main body of the 57 - meter - long main torch will be lightly illuminated by the same time as the residents in the nearby albert .
( international ) white house announces bush 's plan to visit pakistan and pakistan in march
xinhua news agency , washington , february 9 ( reporter zhao xuejun ) - us white house spokesman mcclellan said in a news conference on the 9th that although the blasphemy of islam 's precursor of muslim carrot caused a strong protest in the islamic world , bush still has to follow the plan to visit iraq in march .
mclaughlin said that bush is looking forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he also said that the current plan is being prepared for this visit .
mclaughlin is here at a time when he holds various demonstrations in some areas of pakistan to protest against the blasphemy of muslim predecessor mohammed .
on 1 january this year , bush met with pakistani prime minister aziz at the white house , and both sides expressed their willingness to strengthen friendly cooperation to jointly crack down on terrorism that endangers the security of the two countries .
bush also said that he would visit pakistan at the invitation of the pakistani and indian governments , and that he would visit pakistan and india in march .
( international observation ) hamas 's cabinet seeks to break through the deadlock
xinhua news agency , ramallah , february 9 ( international observation ) hamas 's cabinet is seeking to break through the barrier
xinhua news agency , beijing , sept . 28 ,
palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) has won legislative seats in the legislative council , how to outlaw the new term of government .
hamas to implement what kind of new policy will directly affect the peace process the parties concerned will take corresponding measures in the next step .
at the same time , the boycott attitude of the united states and israel has added a variable to the prospects of the hamas government .
at present , all sides in palestine are stepping up consultations to hold consultations on the issue of forming a cabinet , which involves the difficulties and sensitive points of future development .
the chinese people 's liberation army [ pla ] has made great contributions to the development of the country 's economy .
hamas has won the right to form a cabinet , and some people in the world have worried that hamas prime minister mikhail muhammad would have a dispute with the current top leader abbas .
moreover , the us - led coalition government , which is currently visiting egypt , has stressed that hamas will be formed under hamas 's leadership , will not recognize israel , and this tough signal will also aggravate the international situation .
the united states and israel have clearly expressed their refusal to accept a hamas government that has the real power , and threatened to cut off economic aid to palestine and to transfer taxes to palestine .
however , this is not hampering hamas 's efforts to make flexible strategic adjustments , and it is not easy for the independent to elect an independent person .
it is reported that in order to get the international recognition as much as possible , recently the hamas leader at home and abroad in egypt has decided to select an independent candidate , kayi , chairman of the board of directors of the islamic university of jaafari , to take up the new prime minister .
this move has not been approved by relevant departments .
palestinian analysts said that the palestinian government has been taking a positive attitude toward the palestinian people 's political rights and interests , no matter who the prime minister 's post is , and the most crucial thing is to try to lessen hamas 's strong color . only by so doing can it ensure the success of the cabinet formation .
the chinese people 's liberation army [ pla ] has made great efforts to implement the principle of " one country , two systems " and to implement the principle of " one country , two systems " in the light of the actual situation in the country .
in terms of internal affairs , hamas 's cabinet is faced with the greatest challenge , namely , the lack of sufficient governing experience .
the " yonhap " carried an analysis of the article , saying that hamas has concentrated its efforts in social welfare projects , but in the aspect of governance it lacks experience and is in line with the palestinian national liberation movement , which has the experience of governing .
hamas has been in a state of emergency after the election , and has proposed building relations with the kitty hawk , and jointly establishing a national coalition government . however , fatah has not given a positive response to this .
fatah 's internal situation is not yet in the cabinet .
the news briefly pointed out that under the leadership of abbas , the fatah gradually became more and more active in joining the new government .
even so , hamas has been in a state of hostility with fatah .
in addition , the other way is to establish a framework of the legislative committee , which is divorced from the cabinet of the parties .
it is reported that hamas also designed a clear - cut plan for the use of force against hamas , but the specific list was not known .
in view of the fact that the united states and israel have adopted a policy of technical experts , the technical experts have also failed to form a cabinet to reduce external pressure .
according to the provisions of the palestinian basic law , the new round of the palestinian legislative council 's inauguration on 16 april nominated the prime minister and set up the cabinet will be held in three weeks to five weeks .
the chinese people 's liberation army [ pla ] has always been the first to fight against the enemy .
hamas 's weapons are the most powerful weapon to establish a new government .
the united states and israel have adopted a very tough attitude and resolutely demanded that hamas abandon violence and reject the political participation .
hamas leader mahathir said on 9 july that armed resistance is the core of the strategy of the organization .
the armed issue actually includes the legality of weapons and the belonging of the armed forces .
hamas 's political and economic reforms have been carried out in the form of democracy and freedom .
hamas once proposed to bring all the armed forces into the palestinian national authority .
the palestinian people now have 60,000 security personnel .
moreover , fatah 's political leaders have some organizational relations .
the three - party coalition government , which is responsible for forming the cabinet , must hold consultations with abbas on how to manage the armed forces that are in their own hands and rationally allocate security control powers .
according to local media reports , abbas intends to be in charge of security and intelligence troops , police and civil defense organs , and other organizations , and the new government 's internal affairs department is under the charge of the new government .
however , all sides are still holding consultations on this sensitive issue , and so far no substantive progress has been made .
china 's first release of the polar observation report
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 10 ( reporter li jianmin ) - - the china national oceanic administration recently issued the " 2005 china polar observation report " , which is the first of its kind in china to conduct an ultra - scientific survey of the polar world over more than 20 years .
the " report " fully reflects the results of china 's ultra - scientific survey activities in 2005 .
according to the " report , " the " report " on 1 january 2005 will be published at 22:15 pm ( beijing time ) , and the " report " will be published in the chinese antarctic on 9 january 2005 .
the lethal of the ruins is becoming increasingly fierce on the international arena of competition . the chinese people 's strength and unafraid of the spirit of being staunch and bold in opening up new fields , and the first of all , the launch of a new type of silk - shaped blanket against the extremely ice - covered antarctic ocean , and the dream of mankind in the south pole .
the state oceanic administration bureau director sun zhihui said :
the " report " shows that the " report " on 24 march 2005 " was published in the 21st antarctic expedition team of china for successfully completing its mission and returning to shanghai . the inspection lasted for 151 days and 1,665 nautical miles .
in november 18 , the same year , china 's 22nd antarctic expedition team left shanghai for the antarctic mountain station to conduct a study on science and technology , and will arrive in shanghai at the end of february 2006 .
because it was china 's first release of the polar observation report , the " 2005 annual report on china 's polar observation report " also gave a detailed explanation of the " china 's space industry " which started in the early 1980 s .
according to the " report , " in 1983 china joined the " nanfang treaty , " and became the first country to ratify the treaty . it has also become the first country to discuss the antarctic treaty and to discuss the nanfang poli science research council of the antarctic polyarism in 1988 .
in 1997 , china became the first country to host the olympic games in the world .
the " report " points out that over the past 20 years or so , china 's polar exploration has never stopped .
the " report " statistics show that by the end of 2005 , china had organized 22 research projects in the antarctic ocean , two times with an ice - breaking dragon , three times , and two times as a documentary , and the puchu - yu project was inspected by the beijing pole science institute . so far , more than 3,000 people have been inspected by the country .
the guy is now working for the establishment of the third antarctic observation station and the first chinese - made antarctic inland observation station .
sun zhihui said :
the dog has been filled with 20 years of hard work , and china 's polar exploration has been carried out in the world 's polar exploration .
he said .
sun zhihui revealed that china 's future economic growth rate will be published every year .
chinese vice premier meets us president
xinhua news agency , havana , february 10 ( reporter zhou yu ) - cuban president fidel castro met with visiting chinese vice president hu jintao , who is currently on a visit to cuba on the 10th . both sides expressed their willingness to continuously strengthen exchanges and cooperation in education , science and technology , and other fields .
president fidel castro warmly welcomed the visit of state councilor chen zhili to cuba .
he said that the cuban - chinese relations are very friendly and high - level visits are frequent , which have effectively promoted and strengthened the friendship and mutual understanding of the two sides . he hoped that the two countries will continuously deepen exchanges in all fields , including education and science and technology .
chen zhili said : the cuban people are the first latin american and caribbean countries that have important influence .
the chinese and cuban peoples ' friendly exchanges have a long history .
cuba is the first country to establish diplomatic relations with new china .
in the new century , under the joint efforts of the leaders of the two countries , the political and economic mutual trust between the two countries has been deepening with each passing day , the scope of cooperation has been expanded , and mutual support and cooperation in international affairs have been developing in a new period of comprehensive development .
she believed that with the joint efforts of both sides , the sino - cuban friendly cooperation will certainly be further consolidated and developed .
chen zhili also pointed out that the chinese government has always attached importance to developing friendly and cooperative relations with cuba in the field of education .
in recent years , the two countries have become closer in educational exchanges and frequent personnel exchanges .
china actively supports the cuban side 's international conference on human rights and has sent a delegation to attend various international conferences on higher education and the 2005 anti - illiteracy conference .
cuba 's basic education level is very high , and it is hoped that the country will further strengthen exchange of relevant experience .
chen zhili said : the traditional friendship between china and cuba in the field of scientific research and development can be realized through the exchanges of cooperation in many fields .
the chinese side 's aid to cuba in some scientific research equipment was aimed at providing support to cuba in its scientific research and production .
she also briefed castro on china 's achievements in developing the country through science and education and the national science and technology conference .
chen zhili arrived in cuba on the afternoon of 6 february at the invitation of the cuban government .
under the current situation , chen zhili met with cuban high - level education minister vilono , and inspected the exhibition of the achievements of havana university , the cauldrine university , and the cathedral of saint maria primary school .
the beijing - kazakhstan highway accident toll plummeting some sections of the road
xinhua news agency , harbin , february 11 ( reporter liang shubin ) - - at 23:00 on february 10 , the 58 kilometers of the beijing - harbin highway were hit by traffic accidents , and a gas explosion occurred in a gas truck , causing a sealed section of the road to be closed .
according to the investigation and study by the police of the shuangcheng city public security bureau , at 23:00 on 10 april , a three - lane accident occurred on the beijing - harbin highway , and a car carrying a carton - 1 - carton lorry and a oil tank collided with each other . the rifle in the oil tank body was found in the water .
it is understood that the oil tank is equipped with a large quantity of coal , which is behind the coke .
the number of people who were buried because of the burning of wastewater was too high . at the same time , the departments concerned had already closed the road to the scene of the accident .
harbin to move to double city
at present , relevant departments are investigating the scene , the cause of the accident is under investigation .
hk , sept . 22 china 's largest oil producer in the world is a big drug , a small leather , a small leather , a small leather , a small leather , a small leather , a leather of a leather in italy , a three - month delay period
xinhua news agency , hong kong , february 11 , by wire ( reporter jie wang )
and huang group general manager huanning said that although the three italian - made silk powder had been approved by all relevant supervisory organizations , the company had not yet made any decision on the issue in the next few weeks because the application procedures had to be completed .
at the same time , the current stock market in europe is weak , the market may not be able to gain a certain degree of protection from italy , which is suitable for such a moment .
in view of the most important interests that shareholders have obtained , the decision to delay the listing of the stock exchange is decided .
as for when the relisting of shares will be listed , howard said that it is necessary to consider whether the future development of the european telecommunications market will depend on the situation in the future .
he held that from now on , the new government will continue to adopt a three - dollar policy in italy , which needs to be carried out extensively in order to facilitate the global telecommunications market to clearly understand the three italian ribbbons .
according to another media report , three italian leather polo , one of the coordinators of the global association of investment banks , agreed to use the $ 420 - million euro to sell the products through private matches , and the two italian - made silk steel products , which is expected to be completed by the end of march this year .
chinese vice premier meets us secretary of state
xinhua news agency , yangon , february 12 ( reporter zhang yunfei ) - the chinese ambassador to myanmar , mr muhammad , and economic and trade counselor tang haibo , on the eve of myanmar prime minister soe win 's china visit , said in an exclusive interview with xinhua on the eve of the 14 th that the current rich content of colored colored colored colored colored colored colored colored colored colored colored colored colored colored white
the chief executive said that in recent years , the friendly and cooperative relations between china and the united states , which were established on the basis of the five principles of peaceful coexistence , have been consolidated and developed , and exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been expanding and deepening with each passing day .
tang haihai said : the two countries ' high - level visits have been maintained , which has effectively promoted the development of bilateral economic and trade cooperation .
in 2004 , the top - level visits between the two countries signed 33 agreements on economic and trade cooperation , and among them , most were in implementation and implementation .
he said : in 2004 , the united states , which was $ 11.4 billion , reached $ 12.09 billion , of which china 's exports were $ 9.35 - billion , and imports amounted to $ 227.4 - billion .
last year , china 's exports to the united states amounted to $ 36.2 billion , up by 24.8 percent over the same period last year .
tang said that myanmar is willing to strengthen cooperation with china in the construction of projects , and that myanmar is willing to make joint efforts with china to promote the development of the hydraulic power plant , the silk pier and the factory ( such as the carbon plant , the mou mimi mump factory ) .
chinese enterprises have made great progress in their engineering work in myanmar , which has brought along the development of export of all types of mechanical and electrical products in china . myanmar has become one of china 's major markets for export of complete sets of equipment and electrical products .
according to statistics from the chinese customs , in the past five years , the export of mechanical and electrical products has accounted for more than 45.5 percent of china 's total exports to myanmar .
tang jiaxuan also said : the burmese government has rich resources and chinese companies have already started investing in the construction of natural gas in burma 's petrochemical ore and other resources . the economic and trade cooperation between china and myanmar has great potential .
he hoped that chinese enterprises would have a long - term view , learn to avoid risks , and make a cautious decision , and establish a good image of the enterprises , so that they can ensure quality and quantity of the projects , so as to make the country glory .
the chief executive of the ministry of civil affairs and the counselor of the ministry of foreign affairs , both said that premier wen 's forthcoming official visit to china will be a major event in bilateral relations this year and will play a positive role in promoting political mutual trust , promoting bilateral cooperation , and further developing good - neighborly and friendly relations between china and myanmar .
it is estimated that the two sides will sign several agreements on economic and trade cooperation during the visit .
the world bank plans to reduce or waive the poorest countries
xinhua news agency , moscow , february 11 , wolfowitz , president of the world bank , said in moscow on the 11th that the world bank would completely exempt the debts of the poorest countries before the middle of this year .
wolfowitz said in moscow that he was glad to have come to attend the g - 8 finance ministers ' meeting .
in his speech delivered at the meeting , he said that the world bank would hold a meeting before 1 july to implement the debt relief scheme , and that the world bank is now completing all technical work .
last year , the world bank 's donor countries totally dismissed 28 countries ' debts , which were the first to be paid by the imf .
the imf 's report on the balance of creditor 's rights is relatively small , and the imf has started to reduce or waive its debts by the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz gave a dismissal of 16 african countries ' debts , and said that he was very happy to see russia 's decision to exempt its debts from 16 african countries .
gao qing 's digital television program is gradually becoming the mainstream in the united states .
xinhua news agency , new york , february 12 ( reporter fan xiaolin ) with the high resolution figures , the new york times ( uyue ) , the price of color trojan , has continuously slipped and the market has expanded , and the us tv transmission agencies have also stepped up the introduction of corresponding high - definition television programs .
the new - scene us - made supercuyu - type oliberia has become the main player of the american broadcasting industry to greet the television age .
according to the " financial times " recently , the us congress recently passed a bill calling for the us government to provide the public with a " free " service on 17 february , 2009 .
this means that the us tv program will broadcast a comprehensive digitized digitized schedule .
gao dingxin figures and the popularity of digital television , on the one hand , relies on consumers to purchase tv sets , while on the other hand , it is necessary to provide high - definition digital programs by production organizations .
the digital television has been a major milestone in the development of the digital television industry in the past few years .
this issue has emerged this year .
according to the statistics of the us consumer electronics association , the figure of the digital television sets will reach the highest level in the united states this year , and the number of the digital tv sets will exceed 85.5 percent .
japan 's research personnel have developed a new - highly efficient human - kidney kidney that can produce a new - style highly effective human kidney kidney .
xinhua news agency , tokyo , february 13th , by reporter zheng qian
according to a report by nihon keizai shimbun , the newly developed biomedical kidneys are mainly composed of two parts , and some are transported from blood .

this kind of cells can enable the blood of many blood to be discerned , and the immeasurable amount of blood is transmitted from the vantage point of the flanthropic in diabetes , which is a substitute of the acid and returned to the blood . at the same time , it can also enable the body 's essential blood , such as the vantage of the wine , to reenter blood and the material .
in the past , the practice of human kidneys relied on the plasma of plasma , and it could not completely remove it . moreover , it was not equipped with the capacity to produce genetically modified substances back to blood .
researchers used the hillsides to conduct bio - kidneys transplanting experiments , artificial kidneys , and the silk and nephtheria used in the pigs in the middle and lower altar .
two weeks later , the researchers confirmed that the man - made kidney had been able to play its functions .
at present , they are developing and using the human kidney cell cream .
china 's power production is still faced with a severe challenge
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 13th , by reporter baoxin zhang and wang weicheng , responsible person of the state power supervision and administration commission , said on the 13th that although the overall situation of safe production in 2005 remains stable , power generation is still facing a severe challenge .
the state power supervision commission vice chairman shi yubo said here that the current national power safety work conference is a major event in the overall situation of the country 's power industry in 2005 .
but he pointed out that with the increase in electricity supply and demand , and the large number of new power generating units , the power supply safety production has been faced with new problems .
these challenges include : regional fatigue , dietary spatial power shortage , and the lack of electricity in some areas .
shi yubo said : with the deepening of reform of the power system , many deep - seated contradictions will continue to be exposed , and how to maintain the stability of the worker contingent and ensure normal order in production will become new problems .
in view of the fact that the work of safe production of electricity in 2006 is to further consolidate and strengthen the foundation of the power industry safety management , and speed up the establishment and improvement of a mechanism for emergency management of power supply , so as to enhance the ability to deal with sudden incidents , strengthen the coordination and cooperation of power networks , and jointly safeguard the safety of power systems , and continue to do a good job in the work of safe supervision and management of power plants and in the construction of
it is learned that in connection with the new situation in power safety management , the power supervision commission will conduct a thorough investigation of the " regulations on investigating power - related accidents " which has been promulgated this year . meanwhile , the power station 's safety and power - generating power generation system has been put into effect . the second system security protection document will be issued this year .
in 2005 , the total consumption of china 's entire society reached 2,4689.9 billion kilowatt hours , increasing by 13.45 percent over the same period last year .
in the face of the situation of supply and demand in electricity supply , coal , electricity , oil , and transport , the various power enterprises have taken effective measures to strengthen the equipment management , and the total output of electricity in the whole country last year was not serious .
the power grid accident occurred 74 times , which was 127 times less than the same period last year , and the number of accidents in equipment was 427 , a decrease of 132 .
south african envoy to china said south africa does not exist any irregularities involving the organization of american red flag , which is organized by south africa .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 13th , by reporter jiangang wang and hao yalin , a senior official of the south african embassy in china , presented a letter to the chinese embassy in south africa on the 13th , saying that south africa does not have any presence in south africa against chinese citizens ' criminal activities .
he also said that south africa will do its best to crack down on all forms of crime , including smuggling of natural drugs , smuggling , smuggling , smuggling , drug trafficking , smuggling , drug trafficking , drug trafficking , drug trafficking , smuggling , drug trafficking , drug trafficking , drug trafficking , drug trafficking , drug trafficking , drug trafficking , drug trafficking , drug trafficking , drug trafficking , drug trafficking , drug trafficking , drug trafficking , drug trafficking , drug trafficking , drug trafficking , drug trafficking , drug trafficking , drug trafficking
the committee is willing to work with the south african side to further strengthen cooperation in the development of trade and investment , said the ministry .
since 2006 , the chinese government has issued four " falungong " diehards to death in south africa , and the chinese world has expressed a broad concern for this .
chinese foreign ministry has made solemn representations to south africa on this and reminded the chinese and south african citizens to further strengthen their sense of security precautions , strengthen unity and friendship among overseas chinese , and work together with the police to crack down on crimes .
hue we were told that the victims ' family members were most sincere and sorry .
the committee said that the fans were not very familiar with this .
according to the information provided by the chinese embassy in south africa , the south african police successfully cracked the case of chen jianqing , chinese women , in south africa on 5 february . a suspect who had been arrested has been arrested .
at present , the police are investigating another suspect who was suspected of being involved in the case .
according to the information provided by the south african embassy in china , the two men were arrested for shooting a hong kong businessman in january this year . the victim 's property was recovered .
speaking of the incident in which chinese citizens were killed , li peng said : the chinese government has always attached great importance to these incidents .
according to the statistics released by the ministry of tourism , the embassy has only received a total of 15,000 visitors in the first 15 days of this year , and the total amount of foreign tourists visiting south africa has been over 2,000 .
according to another report by the chinese government , south africa 's gdp in 2005 continued to maintain a relatively high growth rate of china 's largest trade partner in africa .
bilateral trade volume reached $ 72.78 billion , up by 23.8 percent over the same period last year .
however , the travel industry believes that the 2004 annual growth rate of chinese tourists has been a major event in china 's south africa tour .
according to the statistics of the south african tourism bureau , in the first half of 2005 , chinese tourists to south africa were 20331 , a decrease of 14.9 percent .
at present , the people of chinese origin living in south africa are about 200,000 , and the cities and villages in south africa are all scattered .
analysts here believe that south africa 's social wealth gap is huge and the unemployment rate is high , guns are spreading , and there is no deterrent to death . therefore , the crime rate is high .
because many chinese do not understand english , they have a common sense of cash on their bodies and their homes , and they are more prone to criminal elements who seek financial attackers .
hk , sept . 22 hong kong , nov. 8
xinhua news agency , hong kong , february 13th , by the hong kong special administrative region government , the new scheme , launched by the hong kong special administrative region government , aims to enable more people in the workplace to raise the standard of english .
this is a new type of teaching method that is characterized by the study of fine english and the rich life , including the promotion of the chinese language through a series of publicity activities .
up to now , the scheme has funded nearly 2.50,000 people to complete the workplace english training programme , which has achieved the relevant work requirements .
the hong kong workplace english movement is a product of the government 's " green hong kong " campaign launched in 2000 .

the scheme aims to help the public to use the english language in their work and to provide them with a better environment through participating in training and participating in the designated international business english examinations .
hebei 's aids testing and testing system for free fingersils
xinhua news agency , shijiazhuang , february 14 ( reporter dong zhigong ) hebei 's health department recently formulated and issued the " hebei province aids voluntary consultation and inspection work plan " ( hereinafter referred to as a trial implementation plan ) , which clearly stipulates the conditions for the treatment of aids , the principle of free free of charge , and keeping information confidential , and hopes to find as many as possible the possible means to detect and transmit aids patients and to further implement the
the " proposal " has clearly defined the principle of voluntary consultation and inspection of aids in hebei province : aids antibody testing and consultation should be free of charge , aids antibody testing and voluntary consultation , and the consent of the information ; aids antibody testing and consultation ;
the " proposal " requires that aids advisory and testing points should be set at the interactive location of the consultants , and the center should provide the protection for the privacy of the consultants , and conduct a one - on - one consultation .
the information staff 's choice should be fully considered .
to protect the rights of the consultant , the inspection and quarantine authorities can use the code or number to register .
the " proposal " also requires the leading cadres at and above the county level to set up a good personal record in the local major media to take on voluntary voluntary aids health care services .
the ministry of public security has investigated and handled the case of extortion of confessions by torture , and is still a focus of work .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 14 ( reporter meng na ) - the deputy director of the police bureau of the ministry of public security , zheng baigang , answered a foreign reporter 's question at a news conference on the 14th , pointing out that the so - called " loose - pine method " is absolutely not allowed in china .
the inspector 's focus is also to prevent the occurrence of these problems .
he also pointed out that some international organizations have a great deal of misgivings about the law enforcement situation in china .
the ministry of public security provided the latest information on 14 april , which shows that the ministry of public security issued the " public security organ 's measures for putting on record the records " on file for investigation . the ministry of public security has issued a " regulations on application of continuing interrogations " to ensure that the grassroots public security organs are allowed to apply the measures for interrogations in accordance with the law .
since 1997 , in order to promote the three kinds of treatment in depth ( namely , the rectification of confession by torture , improper treatment of guns and bullets , abuse of coercive measures ) , public security organs and police force have persisted in going deep into the police force , the police patrol detachment of the national guard patrol detachment , and the public security supervision and control unit , as well as other frontline units , on site , the scene of law enforcement of the people 's right to
in order to prevent corruption at its source , the state of the police inspectors has further extended their supervision over law enforcement to the point of departure , and intensified the investigation of the application of the rumor , asking about the information about the case of yu , a suspect in charge of the case of the public order , and the theft of information on robbers and robbers .
hk , sept . 22 chinese vice premier qian qichen on taiwan 's medical reform beijing , nov. 8
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 15 , taipei news : former deputy director of the taiwan strait exchange foundation , sun yun - suan , who was once honorary chairman of the taiwan strait exchange foundation , was elected as a member of the taiwan strait exchange foundation in taipei on the early morning of 15 february due to acute heart failure and blood failure .
sun yun - suan was born in november 1913 . shandong penglai was born in shanghai , and he was a native of dongshan .
it is the 10 th and 13 th members of the kmt central committee , the 11th plenary session of the 12 th central committee , and the 14 th central consultative conference .
he was once a member of the taiwan authorities ' jiuyue [ name as transliterated ] , director of administration of miyi yi [ name as transliterated ] , and others .
heilongjiang 's efforts to promote the construction of the songhua river water pollution ecological environment evaluation and countermeasures
xinhua news agency , harbin , february 16 , by wire ( reporter xitao ) in order to do a good job in the work of closing the duration of the duration of the duration of the duration of the duration of the songhua river and preventing pollution and controlling pollution , heilongjiang province will actively promote the evaluation and implementation of the project .
this reporter has learned from the heilongjiang provincial environmental protection bureau that the state environmental protection administration has taken the lead in organizing the songhua river major pollution incidents .
at present , there are 10 counties and cities in heilongjiang province with a total of over 60 scientific research institutes .
according to presentations , the environmental protection department and relevant scientific research institutes will conduct research on five special topics , namely , emergency environmental evaluation and countermeasures for the incident , and strive to resolve the environmental problems that the masses are concerned about before .
these include mainly controlling the use of force of pollutants and the concentration of external carbon pollution , which is a major factor of the songhua river 's food safety evaluation , the impact of the water - consuming process on the two sides of the chang jiang , the impact of water - diversion on the water - diversion of the water resources on the evaluation of the safety of cities , the study of the floating technology for the songjiang river and the study of the resi@@
heilongjiang province 's environmental protection department will also increase the area along the songhua river to strictly enforce environmental supervision and control over illegal discharge and illegal construction , and severely punish environmental pollution .
heilongjiang will send environmental law enforcement personnel to supervise the work of guiding the conduct of comprehensive improvement of the environment in small river valleys , improve the leaning of an anjiu river , and other supporting environmental management systems in guanwu river .
the beijing university 's mourning hall to offer condolences to academicians wang wei
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 15 ( reporter li jiangtao ) after several days of intense bread , the beijing university has set up a memorial tablet for wang xuan , a academician at the memorial hall of the 100 th anniversary of the founding of the people 's republic of china . as of noon on the 15th , several hundred people had come to offer condolences .
at 8:00 , the mourning hall opened up for a long time , and the entrance was open for dozens of people .
the reporter saw at the grand gathering of the beijing university on the occasion of the 100 th anniversary of the founding of the people 's republic of china , the wall with a black background : a deep thief mourning wang xuan .
the horizontal picture is a 10 - square - meter wang xuan 's compact of the great wall . he wore a glimpse and showed a smile , a noble spirit .
the genetic pages were put on the two sides of the wall , with tens of thousands of flowers blossoming on both sides .
one of the highlights of the wreath was : the lethal cake was born in qin sheng 's picture of tang glory 's foundation , and the lead lit was a little bit of the old age .
the mourning hall was filled with sorrow , with a heavy atmosphere .
the memorial crowd was filled with a smile of the leaders and teachers of the university , and a friend of wang xuan , a girl .
some of them held their flowers in hand , some carried with their peddlers , and each person was wearing a dark - white flower , slowly shaking hands , and walking to the front of the remains of wang xuan , bent on the sad .
many people have to bear the fate of being enthusiastic and tearful .
he was once vice minister of the state cultural bureau .
the
the beijing university law school 's jin ruilin , professor li yuebin , is a forty - plus old old old friend .
the us government has just been discharged a few days ago , and today it has insisted on talking with old friends .
mr. jin , in his written note , said : " the chinese government has never been able to curb its own pessimistic and has repeatedly taken paper to fight .
he told the reporter that wang xuan 's life is very frugal .
later he moved to the old city of chengzyuan and was in the room of 780 square meters .
the beijing university has sent him a letter from the military academy of engineering , which is located in the blue camp , with more than 140 square meters , and he does not want to have a high - level housing provided by the building . he also does not want to buy them . he does not want to sell them . he does not want to sell them . he is a furniture . he is a furniture . he is a shangjiuyuan .
mr. jin said with deep feeling that the wang wei 's performance in foreign countries was very good .

jim jim said that he had a profound understanding of wang xuan 's attitude toward cultivating young people , and he himself stressed on many occasions that i still have any accomplishments , not to look at my own , but to rely on the cultivation of young people .
mr. jin said : the 50 - year - old wang xuan began to pay attention to cultivating young people . he has always stressed that it is necessary to pave the way and be willing to serve the young people .
the guy is very interested in a very successful scientist .
this reporter has learned from the beijing university news center that since the 9:00 on 15 february , the beijing university news center has received a report from 9 : 00 a. m . to 12 : 00 p.m . every day . wang xuan is open to the public and is for people of all walks of life to offer condolences .
the " red chamber " , which is known as the " red ribbon " of contemporary chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] , has been written by academician wang xuan , a researcher at the third world science institute , who was a academician at the third world science institute , for illness and inability to treat illness . at 11:33 on 13 february , he died in beijing and was at age 70 .
chinese vice - premier meets with former chilean parliament speaker
wu bangguo attended the signing ceremony and signed the agreement .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 15 ( reporter rong yan ) - the npc standing committee chairman wu bangguo attended the meeting of the chinese people 's political consultative conference ( cppcc ) and the chilean parliament on the afternoon of 15 february . he also signed the agreement on establishing political dialogue relations between the npc and the chilean parliament .
the npc and the chilean parliament exchange mechanism have been established .
it is learned that the chilean parliament speaker of the senate of the senate of the senate of the chilean parliament , and arsenal asem , have signed the " agreement " in santiago , chile 's capital .
according to the agreement , the two sides will , in accordance with the principles set in the communique on the establishment of diplomatic relations between china 's npc and the chilean parliament , establish a dialogue committee , and hold a dialogue meeting in turns in the two countries to jointly promote the development of bilateral relations .
chilean ambassador to china kora and others attended the signing ceremony .
china will introduce a new regulation on the protection of the right to information network dissemination .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 15 ( reporter zhou wei ) at present , many websites are operating on a large scale by relying on a large number of news reports such as newspapers and magazines to increase the strike rate , but many of them have not been authorized and have not paid the fee for the collection of fees . the state copyright bureau director wang ziqiang has been in charge of the state council information office 's news conference on 15 february , said that the information concerning the payment of internet work
wang ziqiang said : according to the existing laws and regulations , newspapers and periodicals have published their works . so long as the author does not make any use of the statement , newspapers and periodicals can not be used without the consent of the author , at the same time , the state copyright bureau specially formulated a series of laws and regulations on the payment of the newspapers and periodicals .
however , according to the existing law , the newspaper and periodical enjoy this legal right to allow the publication of this kind of information . at present , the internet does not enjoy such a statutory right .
according to the decision of the supreme people 's court , the newspapers and periodicals reprint and periodicals that are legally permitted to use the internet , namely , the short - term articles published on the internet , the author has no intention of using the guiyu 's article , the internet has no permission to use the internet without permission , and at the same time it is necessary to pay the remuneration .
however , as the judicial interpretation is not appropriate to the remuneration standard , it is not appropriate to use these works on the internet in reality .
the leakage of such information that the internet uses has been published on the internet is not applicable to the legal permission , and it is also necessary to determine whether it is right to use it from the legal perspective .
wang ziqiang said : the root of the malfunction is included in the scope of the law and the scope of the regulations to be promulgated this year is still to be confirmed .
( international ) russian military says georgian parliament 's resolution will not affect russian peacekeeping operations
xinhua news agency , moscow , february 15 ( reporter song shiyi ) - russian defense ministry information official sergeyev told the media on the 15th that georgian parliament has decided to hold a meeting on the resolution of russian peacekeeping forces in the short term .
russian state duma ( parliament ) chairman of the cis commission on cis affairs kofi kostunica made a statement on the same day on the resolution of the duma on the peacekeeping force of russia , pointing out that this resolution by the georgian side would undermine the stability of the situation in the region and would produce an unfavorable impact on russian - georgian relations .
he stressed that the georgian parliament 's resolution has made russia and georgia develop their relations in a deteriorating direction .
he held that the golan side is unhappy about the accusation of russia .
the georgian parliament approved the same day a resolution demanding that the russian peacekeeping forces stop their operations in the southern ossetia , but it did not confirm that the withdrawal of russian peacekeeping forces is a specific deadline .
the georgian parliament accused russia of not fulfilling its stipulated obligations , and called on russia to take a more positive attitude in the conflict area .
the georgian parliament demands that the government take active actions to consider the possibility of a military withdrawal in the conflict area of south ossetia to replace the current peacekeeping force in that region .
the georgian parliament also instructed the government to revise the draft resolution on the entry of russian peacekeeping personnel into the conflict area .
the south ossetia is a autonomous region in georgia , and it has established diplomatic relations with the republic of northern austria .
the disintegration of the former soviet union , it announced its independence on its own and has been in confrontation with the georgian central government for a long time .
at present , russia has a large number of troops stationed in the region .
this unit is organized and organized in accordance with the 1992 silo mine of russia , north ossils of osaka , north of osaka , and the four - party agreement signed by the uss osaka corporation .
the liaoyuan hospital has four people who are responsible for the fire , and will be prosecuted for the charge of major responsibility for the accident .
xinhua news agency , changchun , february 16 , by reporter liquan zhou and quan zhang
in december 15 , 2005 , the liaoyuan city 's largest hospital , leuku hospital , was killed , and the final 39 people were killed .
in this fire , the police and the police in the area of over 5,000 square meters .
it is understood that this is the first time that the whole country has been implementing the reform of the medical and health system since the founding of new china .
according to investigations , on the 16th , at about 16:30 , the fire broke out at the center of liaoyuan city hospital , and according to the hospital 's circuits design , if power parameters were suspended , the electric gate would be automatically thrown into the lower floor , and the normal power supply of the hospital would be maintained . however , the electric gate was not automatically pulled out at that time , zhang diankun , head of the power company ,
at that time , the underground electricity cable , which was busted with smoke , was full of disorder .
therefore , 57 - year - old liaoyuan textile company 's electric installation team leader zhao yongxiang was born in liaoyuan electric industry bureau .
the chinese village tourism project is the first in the world to be held in tianlong , tuen mun
xinhua news agency , guiyang , february 16 ( reporter shi xinrong ) on the morning of 16 february , the water level of the tianlong town , tianlong village , pingtan county , guizhou province , was on holiday . the smiling faces filled with joy .
at 10 : 30 am , the five - year - old prayer activities were held in the company of a young and long - shirt , a 80 - year - old zheng peiqin , sounding the first spring of china 's rural tourism .
the tuen mun village representative office of the guizhou village tourism development association is a typical representative of the rural tourism development of guizhou and a demonstration spot for the country 's rural tourism .
as a member of the minhang mountain area in the ming dynasty ,
here , the situation of the wearing of a great - dan - white - dark - coloured scum , the ancient han culture and the adult of the qing dynasty , in tuen mun village , is completely preserved .
it is understood that the tianlong village relies on this cultural tradition advantage to start a new round of development of rural cultural tourism from 2002 to 2005 . the income of all tickets alone will reach 380 million yuan , and 470,000 people in the village will be able to transport water from the market through the sale of food and drinking water for farmers at or above the level of peasant households . the per capita income of peasants has increased from over 1,300 in 2002 to 264 yuan in 2005
guizhou province tourism bureau has been in charge of tourism , said yang shengming , director of the tourism bureau of guizhou province , after the first tourist tour of tianshan , the new rural tourism interchange with new tourist attractions around the new spring of the new travelers . the various rural tourism activities in guizhou will reach 35 this year .
up to now , there are more than 130 village - level education projects in guizhou .
in january , 70 national cities and towns rose by 5.5 percent , and shanghai housing prices continued to decline .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 16 ( reporter liu zheng ) the first meeting of the china - funded enterprises in the country in january this year was 5.55 percent higher than the previous month , a drop of 0.7 percentage points .
the shanghai housing prices continued to decline .
the state development and reform commission , the national bureau of statistics , released on 16 february , showed that 70 large and medium - sized cities , most of them were sold in january , a year - on - year increase in housing sales prices , and the rate of increase in dalian 's xiaoguang over 10 percent .
the same number of statistics shows that last year 's total volume of sales of housing in shanghai increased by more than 19.1 percent , and that in the future a turning point appeared . in the second half of last year , a decline of a small - scale decline was seen .
on january 1 this year , 70 large and medium - sized cities built new housing prices , up 6.9 percent , or 6.9 percentage points lower than last month .
the construction of new commodity houses was relatively high , and the prices of new houses were 18.994 percent in dalian , including 1,893 percent in huawei , 1.0779 percent in chengdu , 1.09 percent in chengdu . shanghai , down 3.111 percent from the same period last year .
the organization department of the cpc central committee has called for further intensifying the supervision over the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres and cadres .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 16 , the central organization department recently printed and distributed opinions on strengthening cadre supervision .
the opinions demanded that organization departments at all levels should proceed from the high plane of strict management and care for cadres , and should run the entire process of cadre training , education , examination , selection , and appointment of cadres in routine management , establish and improve a system for preventing the discovery of unhealthy practices in good time , and make a good job of supervision over leading cadres and cadres .
the opinions pointed out : the organizational departments ' supervision is the main task of supervision over cadres . first , it is necessary to supervise leading bodies and leading cadres , and the focus is on strengthening supervision over leading bodies ; second , it is necessary to conduct supervision over the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres of party and government organizations , and focus on implementing the " regulations on the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres of party and government organizations . "
in the process of conducting the education on the supervision of leading bodies and leading cadres , the opinions put forward that we must unswervingly grasp education in ideals and convictions and education on combating corruption and promoting clean government , and combine education with the cultivation , selection , and management of cadres , guide and urge leading cadres to strengthen the cultivation of party spirit , to uphold the principle of building a party that serves the interests of the public , and to build a strong ideological and moral defense line against corruption and degeneration .
the new promotion of cadres should be carried out in accordance with the principle of honesty and self - discipline .
we must supervise leading bodies at all levels to uphold democratic centralism , establish and improve rules and procedures for making decisions on matters pertaining to pleasure , conscientiously implement the principle of combining collective leadership with individual responsibility .
we must lay stress on the supervision of leading bodies ' principal responsible persons , organize ( personnel ) departments responsible for the leading bodies , regularly conduct regular meetings with the principal responsible persons of the leading bodies at the lower level , understand their thinking of engaging in illegal business , and conduct such a work .
establish and improve a system for the day - to - day management and supervision of leading cadres , regularly conduct a thorough understanding of and analysis of the ideological and work style of the contingent of leading cadres , and put forward opinions and measures for solving problems .
the practice of admonishing and writing leading cadres is an important measure to prevent unhealthy practices and unhealthy practices in the market .
we must resolutely investigate and deal with the conspicuous problems that the masses have reported .
at the same time , it is necessary to combine strengthening supervision with encouraging cadres to boldly explore new ways and blaze new trails , and pay attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the opinions demanded that the organization ( personnel ) departments at all levels should effectively strengthen leadership over the party and government leading cadres ' selection and appointment .
further improve the system of recommending nominations for cadres , conduct investigations on suspected fraud cases , and make decisions on other links ;
we must strengthen supervision over the enforcement of the regulations on cadre appointment , and seriously investigate and deal with cases of violating the regulations on cadre appointment , and resolutely curb unhealthy trends and corrupt practices in employing cadres .
the implementation of the system of using people in violation of regulations has been carried out in a bid to intensify supervision , management , and investigation .
establishing and perfecting the system of selecting and appointing cadres
we should give full play to the role of supervision by the masses , establish and amplify mechanisms for reporting unhealthy practices and practices involving high efficiency .
we should give full play to the role of supervision by public opinion , and report to the news media the situation of selecting and appointing cadres in a timely fashion and subject it to supervision by public opinion .
the opinions pointed out that it is necessary to further improve the mechanism for coordinating the work of supervising cadres .
organizing ( personnel ) departments to conduct the work of discipline inspection and supervision organs to establish a system of responsibility system for the work of improving the party style and building a clean and honest government among cadres ;
in coordination with the discipline inspection organs , they have conscientiously carried out inspections , improved the inspection methods , improved the inspection system , and improved the quality of inspection .
in coordination with the auditing organs to conscientiously implement the system of auditing economic responsibilities of leading cadres .
we should improve the system of selecting and appointing cadres in organizational departments .
hk , sept . 22 taiwan authorities use illegal immigration as an excuse to invest in mainland china
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 16 ( reporter chen jixing ) the taiwan authorities ' economic affairs department decided on 15 february to punish taiwan 's chip yu - yi , one of the joint china electronics company limited ( abbreviated as the yungfu electric company ) , a nt $ 5million , for reasons such as irregularities , providing assistance to breaches of regulations to help the mainland 's s & t company in building the warehouse of the giant .
taiwan 's chung - kuo shih - pao report said that this is chen shui - bian 's [ chen shuibian ] remark that he is vigorously managing cross - strait economic and trade policies , and that after the taiwan authorities were punished for taiwan businessmen 's investment in the mainland .
it is reported that the taiyuan steel plate was dragged into the sky by someone who said that because of the violation of the law of the people on both sides of the strait and the dumping of the silk strain on the procedures of investment or technological cooperation in the mainland .
in the future , the case of the guy will be investigated and handled according to circumstances . former chairman cao xingcheng and others , will be punished .
the
the then - president of the united micron , cao xingcheng , said openly that the united micron did not violate any regulations of the taiwan authorities , and that the united micron provided assistance to the company for the long - term interests of the united micron . if the united states and the company entered the mainland market as soon as possible , they would lose their business opportunities .
after that , the taiwan authorities ' financial supervisory and management committee , in violation of commercial information , backed up the investigation and prosecution of the case of the new taiwan dollar , which was issued by the united micron .
in january 9 , 2006 , the joint stock board of directors accepted a report by cao xingcheng , and cao xingcheng , in the past few hours , was arrested for suspected illegal investment in the mainland .
the united micronesian and taiwan 's cgc electronic circuits ( abbreviated as taiwan 's chip ) is also known as hsu - woo , a high - tech giant enterprise on the island .
the taiwan authorities have been paying close attention to the joint power over the past year , and have been strongly condemned by all circles on the island .
hk , sept . 22 china 's second largest imitate ime in the heart of the chinese language giant in macao has been requesting the chinese worldwide
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 17 ( reporter li kun ) the second leg of the white house in my heart was a big wave of carelessness in macao , which was announced on the 17th , and announced to the chinese people around the world that the inscription of macao 's inscription works , which was based on the name of the chinese people around the world , was distributed to the participants .
this scattered article was a very important event in the history of the macao foundation and the 100 - plus - chinese literature publishing house . the chinese people 's writers association vice chairman chen jiangong and others were appointed as the commission director .
in 2004 , the return of macao to the motherland was a grand occasion .
the chief executive of the macao foundation , wu zhiliang , said at a news conference on 17 february that last year , the total amount of floating floating refuse in macao 's historical downtown area was included in the world cultural heritage list . this not only means that the macao people have long been affirmed by the world in their ways of living and community management , but also means that the chinese nation is different from the world 's traditional , friendly , and friendly people of the world .
mr ng said that the government had been working with the hong kong people to promote the development of the macao cultural centre and the 100 - plus - year - old publishing house .
according to presentations , the competition was held on 1 september this year , and the " regulations on the outer space of the seismic " will open up columns for participating in the competition .
the results of the assessment were revealed , and will be announced in early 2007 in the macao sar .
shandong has successfully implemented an investigation into the heart of infants and child transplants
xinhua news agency , jinan , february 17 , by reporter yuqing zhang
the reporter learned from the severe acute respiratory syndrome on 17 april that 51 days after the operation , the 51 - day infants were full of face , all monitoring and inspection indicators were normal , and they smoothly passed the dangerous period of the operation . they were engaged in the practice of playing with interest in the toy of medical personnel to buy him .
according to the report , the doctors who received the same day said that the patient , who was from the tai'an rural area of shandong , was sent to the hospital , was full of youthful and difficult breathing . after checking the diagnosis , he was required to undergo a heart transplanting .
the heart transplant surgery is a difficult and most difficult heart transfusion .
in particular , under the age of 1 , infants and children with heart transplant surgeries are still empty in china .
the jinan military region 's blood disease research institute organized experts to repeatedly verify and verify the situation , carefully designed the operation and the post - operation custom plan , and conducted a series of self - innovation and conducted a series of experiments on animal disease .
in december 28 , 2005 , at 8:00 , the surgery began .
the cardiac is a cardiac - like - blood transfusion device which has been found to have been caused by the infection of precarious lung .
the surgical operation coincides with six blood collections , and it is totally over 510 injures , with each hitting less than three millimeters .
on the 295 th , the surgical operation was a complete success .
the state administration of safety supervision : curb coal mines and other major accidents have been frequently reported as the most important task for this year .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 17 ( reporter liu zheng ) four major incidents occurred one after another , with more than 100 people injured and more than 100 miners injured . in the past year , the national situation of production safety was brought under control by the investigation of the major accident , such as the coal mine in the country , and the number of serious accidents in the country this year has become the most important task of the national safety supervision work .
the report was released by the state administration of production safety on 17 january . it is learned that to really curb the occurrence of major accidents such as coal mines , it is also the most important task for coal mines .
this year , the coal mine safety supervision and administration bureau will grasp the following three tasks :
the legend continues to play vanquishing
wfp 's efforts to control malaria this year will be focused on the following key points :
if gao gas mine is located , it is not easy to cut off the leather , and it is necessary to order him to immediately stop production .
the legend continues to be closed
we should regard the social notice that has been made public , and the following : the local authorities recently reported that the 700 - plus - plus - plus - plus - plus - one - person - to - death - related mine has been confirmed .
we must regard the closure of these enterprises as a routine work , and continually close down those enterprises which pollute the environment of resources without having safety conditions .
the
it is necessary to immediately correct the practices of stopping the slide of large state - owned mines , and guide the chaotic small mines to establish a standardized safety management system .
in particular , we must focus on key state - owned coal mines , and must never allow supernumerary extracurricular production .
this year 's work of controlling production safety has demanded that all types of accidents in china be reduced by 3-3 percent over last year , of which 35-5 percent were coal mines .
the first time he died more than 10 people .
these control targets have been issued to all provincial - level people 's governments , and all localities are now moving toward the grassroots level and enterprises .
statistics show that in 2005 , the number of accidents in coal mines nationwide reached 5986 , a decrease of 0.79 percent .
however , one time the victims were killed more than 10 people , and the number of victims was up 66.6 percent .
( international ) barcelona calls for all parties to remain calm in kosovo 's future status talks
xinhua news agency , belgrade , february 17 , by wire ( reporter yi he )
barcelona and his party met with the president of the interim authority of cote d ' ivoire in kosovo , serbia , and others on the same day , and told the media that the parties concerned in kosovo should have a tolerant attitude and build a democratic and multi - ethnic integrated kosovo , a country that respects the government 's ruling and protects the rights and interests of ethnic minorities , was recognized by the international community .
he also stressed that the european commission will do its best to help kosovo 's development .
barcelona also expressed his appreciation for the efforts that kosovo has made in the eight un - proposed democratic process standards .
he held that these standards are very important to the stability and development of kosovo and europe .
he also called on all the countries in kosovo to be involved in kosovo to join the un security council in order to achieve democracy and multi - ethnic integration .
barcelona arrived in kosovo on the same day for a two - day visit to the country .
earlier , barcelono had visited croatia and seychelles , and he will also visit macedonia , albania , and bosnia .
( winter olympic games ) fountain
xinhua news agency , dutch , february 17 , by reporter jie li
xinhua news agency , beijing , feb. 25 ,
although the italian government has repeatedly issued an order , the winter olympic games in duhin have been uncovered by the use of stimulant players may face the torture of an immortal , but the current situation is still judging by various circumstances .
the duhran winter olympic committee exploded on 16 august after the opening ceremony .
the following day , the international olympic committee announced that the dispatch of lev has been sent out of the winter olympic committee , and she has won the first prize in the winter olympics .
the international winter - coming two alliance has been established on the same day .
the united states has always stipulated that athletes must be the first to be sealed in the olympic games .
however , according to the italian law , athletes and the use of stimulant agents are the victims .
on the eve of the olympic games , the international olympic committee and the italian government , which had been torn by a year of debate , finally reached an agreement , and both sides agreed to hold a meeting in accordance with the italian law in the current winter olympic games to deal with the stimulant incident by athletes .
after the international olympic committee 's unremitting efforts , the italian side has made remarkable progress in the four - day period before the opening of the winter olympics , pledging that the police would not enter the olympic village to search for the athletes ' places , but the drug inspection athletes are still being interviewed by italian prosecutors .
it is reported that italian government oversees the situation in the city of duhran , officials from the city of alexandria , have sent the leverid incident to the dutch prosecutors .
however , the ioc and the persian administration are still not yet confirmed .
the russian winter - 2 team 's team , anthony , won the first round of the world cup in the second round of the world cup in the capital of kurdistan .
he has been a member of the world anti - doping agency for many years in the world 's anti - doping agency , shi kangcheng , who has been in office for years , said that this matter could eventually have been left unsolved .
shi kangsheng said : the ioc and the italian government have made important contributions to the anti - doping agents issue in the winter olympics .
according to the previous italian athletes ' use of the stimulant events , the italian athletes have not been able to escape punishment by the breaches .
therefore , the italian lufthansa senior correspondent leiele said that sending the lev to prison is likely to be a small matter , and the number of such inmates is also a fine .
pierre also said that although italy 's court can conduct a defence trial , the italian court is also not likely to go to foreign countries to send the troops to the prison .
if the leaf secured the verdict , italy would also take the case to her .
according to a comprehensive report , the new epidemic has continued to emerge in various countries in the world in the world in the area of strictly preventing raids by the phantom .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 18 , by reporter jie li of xinhua news agency stationed in foreign countries , the avian flu has spread further on the african continent .
the world health organization confirmed on 17 february that egypt had three regional bird flu cases , including bird flu virus , which had been reported to have been reported .
in europe , france has also for the first time discovered five kinds of bird flu virus , european carbon monella is highly vigilant , and has strengthened preventive measures .
the who 's east turkistan regional adviser hassan khalifa said in egypt on 17 january that the current global bird flu outbreak in cairo , central egypt , and the southern minia region of minia have already discovered the case of malaria , 50.1 type of bird flu virus , and the relevant departments of the egyptian government have begun to kill the suspected bird flu virus .
experts pointed out that egypt is an important country in the middle east and north africa migratory birds , and the migratory birds will be brought into the country by migratory birds .
egypt has announced that it would ban the import of live poultry from abroad and strengthen the control of quarantine at border ports .
cameroon 's capital jakarta , a nurse of chicken farms in the past week has been infected with h5n1 strain of bird flu .
cameroon has decided to suspend the import of bird flu - like poultry from nigeria , which has been affected by the avian flu , and will temporarily suspend all markets on the two countries border .
the cameroon government has also built a large - scale anti - terrorism network covering all parts of the country within a short period of time . the basque center and the national veterinary laboratory are also in an emergency awaiting position to facilitate the launch of the " 501 " virus at any time .
in europe , denmark and sweden , the two countries initially ruled out the epidemic on 17 august .
the swedish veterinary institute released a report on the discovery of dead chickens this wednesday .
the danish national veterinary authority 's preliminary laboratory results also showed that the danish veterinary surgeons had found 30 dead geese of the deadly bird flu virus in the past few days .
however , the agricultural department said that denmark could not take it lightly .
the romanian economy has been growing at a rate of 9 percent this year , and the world health organization ( who ) experts said in bucharest on 17 february that the region has almost all the places in the danube river delta region , and it is imperative to take a serious view of this situation , and romania may have to keep suffering from the threat of avian flu in the next three years or five years .
in asia , bangladesh , the government has taken all necessary measures to prevent the avian flu .
the government 's family - friendly service has provided the relevant officials with information on the prevention of avian flu , and has also organized poultry farmers to conduct training .
( newspaper clippings ) china 's first joint venture to share blood information in zhejiang
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 18 , according to the blood center of zhejiang province , china 's first joint blood data management and control network system recently officially completed and put into use the center .
the blood center in zhejiang province said that this means that no citizen will be able to live in any place in zhejiang province in the future ( city of jiuyuan ) for blood organizations to donate blood in the free .
the responsible person further explained that the chinese government will not be able to use the relevant code to collect data on the use of the relevant code .
this will not only protect the blood donors themselves , but also protect the health of the victims , thereby effectively protecting the health and safety of the bandits .
in addition , when the blood supply is tense , blood donors and their relatives have the right to use blood , so long as you input the blood donor 's valid documents , you can immediately demonstrate your blood 's information .
according to the hangzhou " morning post , " at present , the information system has been put into operation in all 36 enterprises in the province , with the use of blood , and the entire province has the blood resources of blood organs also showing real time and realized the entire province 's data sharing .
in order to prevent another mountain landslide , the philippines ' 11 villages in the philippines urgently withdrew from the philippines , and the philippine government immediately withdrew from the village of the philippines .
xinhua news agency , manila , february 18 , philippine local officials said on the 18th that the 11 villages in the eastern philippines had been fighting again like a mountain slide .
the president of the republic of yugoslavia , norway , said that the country 's economic growth is not only a result of the economic growth , but also a result of the economic growth .
the withdrawal of 11 out of the village residents will be reresettled in the seven evacuated centers .
larijani said : the government yesterday announced the decision to withdraw residents , and today it sent people to inspect these buildings .
on the 17th , the mountain skipping incident occurred in the southern part of the city of saint sodium in southern lisbon . from the television screen , the quintessence of the mud and rocks has already been covered by the village , and it can only be seen that several roof have been buried .
because of the great soil of the muddy land and the humidity , the underground walls of people who are buried are very fortunate to exist very much .
at present , 106 cases of deaths have been discovered , and 57 others have been rescued .
it is estimated that the accident has caused the death toll to reach as high as 1800 .
( overseas chinese , overseas chinese ) fujian 's ethnic chinese in quanzhou , for the first month of this year , exports grew by 35.22 percent over the same period last year
xinhua news agency , fuzhou , february 19 , by reporter yu guo , quanzhou city 's foreign trade exports continued to maintain a high - speed growth momentum in january this year .
according to customs statistics , in january quanzhou , exports amounted to 330 - million us dollars , setting the best record in history , increasing by 35.22 percent over the same period last year , which was higher than the average growth level of the entire province .
according to a report by the quanzhou city foreign economic and trade bureau , the reason for the high - speed growth in quanzhou 's foreign trade in january was mainly attributed to the effect of several measures for supporting foreign trade in quanzhou , the enthusiasm for export was high , the quanzhou economy was active , the confidence in business operation was strengthened , and the environment for high - efficiency foreign trade development was further improved .
