the number of two taiwan mobile computer that was loaded with the information of the death of princess has been stolen .
london , march 6
the london daily news pointed out that two television sets , which recorded the death of princess diana in 1997 , were killed in a traffic accident in paris . they were used by the former chief police office of metropolitan city .
the report pointed out that the theft case triggered speculations that the computer might have a computer that was carried by the former metropolitan police chief , sir cyruson .
however , a spokesman for the metropolitan police station said that there was no sensitive information in the computer or any related information .
sir cyril is the first senior officer of the northwestern police agency in britain , and his office is located at the area around the mount enghefort .
the report said that the police officer of the norsangbean police had been investigating two theft cases in the past 10 days .
a traffic accident occurred on the weekend from january 28 to 29 , including computer and cash . the second one was the case of the theft , which occurred last week .
the police said there was no evidence to show that the two theft cases and the case of sir edward sze mansson were related .
steiners has been tracing the cause of death of princess wales .
the royal autopsy , bergis , ordered in 2004 to continue the investigation of the relevant evidence .
princess diana was born in a tunnel vehicle accident in paris on august 31 , 1997 and was killed together with her .
after two years of investigation , the french police believed that the cause of the accident was that the driver was driving and taking the drug , and the car was out of control and caused a tragedy .
the two sides agreed to hold talks in geneva later this month
lulun , july 7
norwegian officials said the sri lankan war group agreed to hold a joint meeting in geneva , switzerland on the 22 nd of this month to dissolve the problems that had been resolved by various parties for the end of the decades of racial bloody clashes , but it has been suspended for three years .
norwegian peace special envoy solheim held talks with the tiger of the liberation of frankfurt in london after a meeting with barzenko , the negotiator .
the norwegian embassy in beijing said in a statement that the clashes between sri lanka and sri lanka were also the result of the close ties between the sri lankan government and the tamil liberation tiger . the norwegian government held talks in geneva on 22 and 23 february .
the two - day talks will focus on how to strengthen the cease - fire agreement that took effect on 23 february 2002 , and this agreement has never been fully observed by both sides .
the norwegian embassy pointed out that both sides will discuss how to improve the implementation of the cease - fire agreement , which is also the first time for the two sides to conduct face - to - face negotiations at such a high level in the past three years .
sorgheim said that he would lead a norwegian team to participate in the negotiations , and four representatives of the tamil liberation tiger group , led by balayanhan , the sri lankan government was led by health minister .
he said : this is a small step leading to the road of peace . however , an important step is that the process of negotiations is expected to be arduous .
the first face - to - face negotiations for the settlement of the ethnic conflict in sri lanka were held in japan in march 2003 , but the tiger of the tamil liberation of tamil eelam cancelled the original plan for the seventh round of talks to be held in thailand in april 2003 .
east and north koreas join hands in winter olympics
italy , jan 10 , 2007
the 20 th winter olympics opened in du lin today , with the cold war as the enemy of south korea and north korea , and the two delegations taking part in the ceremony , joining hands to get admission .
south korean women 's skating competitor lee po - la and a north korean man 's skating competitor , han cheng - jen , respectively held the position of the two teams ' palm team head and led the south korean team to enter the winter olympics games hall .
this is the olympic representative team of south korea and north korea , and for the first time , they joined hands in the winter olympics .
to reflect the efforts made by both sides to improve the spirit of unity in recent years , the sydney summer olympics in 2000 and the athens summer olympics in 2004 , south korea and north korea 's representatives joined in .
north korea has not participated in the 19 th summit of the united states in salt lake city .
the korean peninsula was split into a capitalist south korean and communist north korea in 1948 . both sides held talks in the north korean peninsula in 1950 - 1953 .
south korean leader hau nawatra and north korean leaders held a peace summit in 2000 .
the greek team is the first country to enter the competition , with the first one in 80 countries , south korea is the 22 nd ministerial - level north korean admission .
the landlord and the national volunteers are the last one to enter the national team . when the italian team entered the stadium , the sport room immediately burst into warm cheers and applause .
hovman had been indulgent with drugs , and he was fortunate to have a quick understanding of the cause of the creation of a performing arts
new york , april 16
it is generally acknowledged that it is the most hopeful to win the championship of oscar , the movie potatoscope : the famous male master , michelle peter , the famous movie star , the famous famous famous lady , the sprawford , revealed that he was unable to extricate himself from drugs and wine when he was a little light - blooded man . after that , luckily cut off , he was able to open up his
hovman said in an interview with rbc news magazine on the 60 th minute that the time was very much needed to obtain narcotics and liquor .
at that time , he was only 20 out of his head . he just graduated from the opera department of the new york university , and entered a colorful society . everyday life was fast changing . he finally turned his head into a coma and flame , and lost control .
he entered the lerkeys detention center at the age of 22 and altered drunk alcohol and drug - taking habits , which was the most panic in his life .
the next month 's oscar awards presentation ceremony will be held in the capital of the city of kono .
before this , his superb performance had been affirmed long ago and many of his prizes , including a gold ball award , were awarded to the best actor .
the 38 - year - old actor said during the interview that if he had not made a decision before becoming famous , he would probably be unable to get the accredited nomination .
he said he admired those who were 19 years old and suddenly became famous for her .
bird flu traces four european countries , liberia worried
brussels , april 16
bird flu virus continues to emerge in europe , causing anxiety .
eu executive committee approved the establishment of busiest control zone to transfer the entire virus - infected countries into the management of the area to ban the transportation of all poultry biological transactions .
the discovery of the deadly straw 1 virus in nigeria and sierra one has expanded to more breeding farms .
egyptian officials are investigating a sudden outbreak of bird flu in a chicken farm in southern egypt , worrying that the virus may continue to spread .
the virus has been affected in the european chicken market , with the eu executive committee stressing that there is no reason to panic .
the executive committee is responsible for health and food safety , the executive committee said the public is concerned about this . however , it does not need to react too much .
after the virus detected in the past , three kilometers of corridor and 10 kilometers of warning zones , the eu executive committee has again presented new regulations to the european union , which discovered all the european regions where the virus was discovered , as the busiest region .
a eu official , who declined to be named , pointed out that everyone was nervous and that they were all handling the european security issues from one day to night . they suspected that the outbreak of the epidemic had already occurred .
so far , there have been a total of western european cities such as croatia , croatia , germany , greece , italy , romania , slovenia , ukraine , and russian territory in europe . they have all appeared in western europe , such as the swiss territory . almost all of them are in the wild geese .
romania reported the first case on the 16 th , with slovenia 's tunisia and germany 's rugenan island also found new cases .
the southern part of italy was found to have bird flu virus in two ducks , the first wild geese in europe , and the second one in the world , a straw infected with the unconventional virus .
the eu officials are most worried about the upcoming migratory birds from africa .
the government of nigeria and the sierra leone are stepping up its work to prevent the spread of the virus in the african continent .
the government of the country announced that all poultry farms in the five - kilometer area near the infected farms , no matter whether they are threatened by the virus , will be destroyed .
neighboring countries niger and japan have announced the state of alert and have allocated 4 million us dollars to the emergency plan to monitor and monitor the border with nigeria .
the newly established national emergency committee said that they received a notice that the two countries ' border marco , which is loosened with police , has nearly 400 birds and birds .
new regulations on management of e - banking business to be implemented
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a special bank in china to set up a new bank to provide financial institutions with financial assistance to the state council , the state council , and the state council , the state council , the state council , the state council , the state council , the state council , the state council , the state council , and the state council .
a spokesman for the china banking regulatory commission said that according to the regulations of the management procedures , the methods of examination and approval for foreign financial institutions have basically remained unchanged , that is , after foreign banks are allowed to operate internet banking business , if new types of business of internet banking business are to be added , the bank should report the details of the business in china in a unified manner .
to regulate commercial banks ' business through the internet , in june 2001 , the people 's bank of china formulated and promulgated the " interim procedures on managing internet banking business . "
a spokesman for the china banking regulatory commission said that with the continuous development of commercial banks ' electronic banking business , the interim procedures could no longer meet the requirements of the supervision and management of electronic banking risks .
according to a spokesman of the china banking regulatory commission , the cbrc has a different opinion on the quality of its security assessment organizations , which is different from the nature of the qualification for the industry 's access to the market or for enterprises ' access , and is not a necessary condition for the evaluation of the business of electronic banking . it is only for reference by the financial institutions when selecting the evaluation bodies .
as long as the safety assessment agency meets the relevant conditions and requirements , even if it does not have the confirmation of the quality of the cbrc 's assets , the financial institutions may also invite them to carry out the electronic banking safety assessment , but they should manage them according to the relevant regulations .
the " procedures for managing the business of electronic banking " consists of nine chapters and 99 , which are divided into two general applications for application and variation management , exchange data , transfer management , outbound business operations , cross - border business activities , management activities , supervision over the legal responsibility , and supplementary rules .
the " guidelines on the electronic banking safety assessment " consists of 57 articles , which are divided into two general departments , namely , evaluation of security institutions ' implementation of safety evaluation activities , management and supplementary regulations .
the book " mao zedong zhou enlai liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , and chen yun " published and published
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the book " mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , deng xiaoping , chen yun , " compiled by the cpc central committee 's party literature research center , was recently published and distributed by the central party literature publishing house .
we should conduct in - depth investigation and study in order to persist in combining theory with practice , and formulate and implement correct lines , principles , and policies . this is the basic experience and basic experience of the cpc in leading revolution to build itself into a municipality without any delay .
mao zedong tuanqi came from liu shaoqi and chu de - duun , deng xiaoping , chen yun , and other revolutionaries of the older generation , and made many important and incisive expositions on the investigation and study of the issue . they often went deep into the grass - roots level to conduct social investigation and wrote many investigation reports .
the practice and results of their investigation and study are of great significance to guiding the cause of the party and the people to develop along the correct road .
the book " mao zedong zhou enlai liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , and chen yun " is divided into three parts : the first part is the book on investigation and study by mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation , and the second part is the book on investigation and study by mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation . the third part is the book on the book , directed by mao zedong in the early 1960 's and the three investigation teams headed
most of these reports were published for the first time .
in addition , two articles on the central leaders ' visits to the 1950 s and 1960 s were also included .
russia reiterates adherence to one - china policy
moscow , february 6 ( xinhua ) russian deputy foreign minister alekseyev said in a meeting with chinese ambassador to russia liu guchang on the 6th that russia will uphold the one - china stand .
alekseyev said that russia has noticed chen shui - bian 's recent remarks about taiwan independence .
the russian government has always adhered to the one - china principle and firmly supported china 's efforts to realize the great cause of national reunification .
last year , the chinese national people 's congress adopted the anti - secession law , and russia took the lead in openly expressing its support .
alekseyev said that the russian foreign ministry will soon issue a statement , reiterate the one - china stand , oppose the " chiu - kan " situation .
china , japan hold talks on taiwan issue
johannesburg , february 6 ( xinhua ) the fuqing government of fujian province , china , has established a special administrative region ( sar ) office in south africa on the early morning of the 5 th local time , local local militants were killed in a traffic accident in the south african judicial capital burundi hospital .
according to feng yang , president of the chinese federation of free states , the incident occurred in the more than 130 kilometers northwest of burundi , a restaurant in welkom .
at that time , the owner of the store , lin yixing , picked up the goods inside the bar and prepared to end the one - day business .
at that time , there were three customers in the shop , one of them pulled out of the pistol and rushed into the bar and robbed .
lin yixing , 40 , fought against the criminals . the culprits presented a wreath to lin yixing , and fled afterwards .
local people who rushed to the scene after hearing the news were sent to the hospital for treatment . because lin yixing 's body was suddenly thick and thick hematea , she was not only tired from the outpost of her high blood , but also died at around 3 : 30 a. m . on 6 february .
on 6 february , the chinese consulate general in jag , wu defu , and the south african association of chinese fujian , lin changming , and other vehicles arrived in the burunan area to assist the families of the deceased in handling the aftermath of the incident .
lin yixing became the first person to be killed by a bandit within 36 hours and also the third chinese to be killed in south africa this year .
( newspaper clippings ) shanghai : part - time personnel and college graduates become key workers
beijing , february 7 ( xinhua ) the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau released the latest annual labor contract guide price for 2006 , with the number of job counseling reaching 120 , an increase of 11 from the previous one . the salary of the original posts has risen to 120 .
according to an estimate by a relevant expert from the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau , currently more than 1 million people in shanghai 's hour labor and social security bureau have already worked in shanghai .
according to a report in the china youth daily , college graduates and part - time personnel are the main components of the hour workers .
through the direct investigation of nearly 8,000 hours of work , more than half of the personnel are part - time personnel , and the proportion is 51.1 percent .
part - time workers generally have a relatively high level of cultural standards , and they are mainly engaged in relatively technical work such as translation jobs and part - time personnel ratio of 81.7 % , with their fitness reaching 61.6 % .
high income is the result of many people taking part in the work hours .
it is understood that the monthly income of individual posts can reach tens of thousands of yuan , and it will be hard to pursue them . it is just like the transcript of the word , and the monthly income of job - related workers can reach more than 2,000 yuan . for example , part - time ceramic ceremonies , etc.
and satisfy their interests and expand their knowledge , they are also favored by part - time workers .
if he is a manager of the human resources department in a particular enterprise , he will spend a few hours a week to handle the issue of financial accounts of a foreign business representative office .
mr koo said that the biggest benefits for his part - time duties were to keep up with the updating knowledge and to have opportunities to involve another area . of course , the income of $ 2,000 per month also had some attraction .
as some hours of work posts are low , the work forms are flexible and free , and many graduates are gradually being favored by the working hours .
i did n't want to work in an hour at first , but after several months i thought i was more than five nights in the dprk . i felt it was better than the five nights in the dprk .
after graduating from college , the university student 's young huang did not find out his work . in the end , he hung his name at a hotel and used a piano to play background music .
i am very satisfied with my current work . i am 100 yuan per hour . the environment is good . what i want to do now is to find more hours of work . good work .
it is learned that the work hours have become accumulation of work experience and experience in work skills for some graduates who are currently seeking employment , and they have enhanced communication skills , and they have gained an important experience in social life .
graduates work hours , mainly in knowledge and technical skills .
some of the jobs require poor skills , such as food promotion and marketing agents , and so on , the unemployed personnel have been able to take up jobs after simple training .
statistics show that the number of employees employed in the hour industry was 39,000 , of which the proportion of unemployed in the retail sector was as high as 68.4 percent , and the proportion of the catering industry was 58.7 percent , with the average number of hours of work becoming an important channel for unemployed personnel to find jobs .
wu bangguo inspects anhui
beijing , february 8 ( xinhua ) the central committee of the communist party of china ( cpc ) has made a series of important speeches during a recent inspection tour of anhui , which has been attended by the standing committee of the political bureau of the national people 's congress ( npc ) standing committee , and has stressed the need to take the important thinking of the three deputies as the guide , uphold the overall economic and social development of the economy and conscientiously implement the central authorities ' principles and policies in connection with local
from 6 to 8 february , wu bangguo went to wuxi , wuxi , wuhu , and other places , went deep into the rural research institutes and institutes of higher learning , which are now under the leadership of the central authorities , to inspect the work of the university .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui has a large - scale development and development base for linking lianxian in the east and xian in the south to the north . it is an important agricultural region in china with abundant natural resources , a relatively good industrial foundation , a strong scientific and technological strength , and abundant cultural and tourist resources and a tremendous development potential .
anhui should firmly seize the important opportunity of promoting the rise of central china , always unswervingly uphold economic construction as the central task , conscientiously implement the central principles and policies in close connection with the reality in anhui , creatively carry out work , implement the scientific development concept in concrete measures , and implement it in practical work .
we should sum up practical experience in a timely manner , fully rely on the masses of the people , vigorously support reform and innovation , and constantly create a new situation in anhui 's work .
we should actively promote the building of a harmonious society , persistently regard achieving good results and maintaining well the fundamental interests of the overwhelming majority of the people as the starting point and end result of all our work , actively create conditions , and gradually resolve the practical problems of the masses in difficulty , gradually adjust the distribution relationship , gradually change the urban and rural structure , gradually narrow the gap , safeguard and realize fair and just social justice , and enable the entire people to share the fruits of reform and development .
wu bangguo stressed : china has reached a stage of development that we must rely more on enhancing our ability to make independent innovations and improve the quality of workers to promote economic and social development . only by making great efforts to promote scientific and technological progress and innovation , will it be possible to achieve a leap in the quality of productive forces and to bring economic and social development onto the track of scientific development .
we should establish and perfect as soon as possible a system and mechanism that is conducive to innovation , increase scientific and technological input , encourage the invention of patents , develop famous brands , speed up the transformation of scientific and technological achievements into real productive forces , strengthen enterprises ' status as the mainstay in independent innovation , and continually enhance the contribution rate of scientific and technological progress to economic growth .
we should support and encourage key technological elements to participate in distribution , establish and perfect a statistical indicator system that embodies our ability to make independent innovations , study and formulate financial systems that support independent innovation in financial matters , government procurement , and other areas , and form a policy system that encourages independent innovation .
we should cultivate a sense of innovation in the whole society , vigorously promote the spirit of daring to innovate and boldly compete , and strive to create a good atmosphere for the emergence of talented people .
wu bangguo pointed out : in the course of administering the country according to law and building a socialist country ruled by law , the npc plays an increasingly greater role .
to do a good job in the work of people 's congresses in the new situation , first , we should uphold the correct political orientation , unswervingly follow the road of socialist political development with chinese characteristics , and organically unite upholding the party 's leadership with the people being masters of their own affairs and administering the country according to law .
second , we should closely center on the overall situation of the work of the party and the state , closely center on major issues in reform , development , and stability , and work closely around hot and difficult issues of common concern to the masses of the people , so as to continually enhance the actual results of the work of the npc .
third , it is necessary to give play to the characteristics and advantages of the work of the npc , uphold democratic centralism , and strictly act according to procedures and decide issues collectively .
we should persistently follow the mass line , take the people as the foundation , exercise power for the people , maintain the people 's feelings , and work for the people .
china has proposed a major scientific research plan for the next 15 years
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the international community should play a positive role in promoting sustainable development in order to enhance china 's international competitiveness , to promote its sustainable development and to achieve a major leap forward , the state council promulgated on 9 february the " outline for the state 's medium @ - and long - term scientific and technological development plan ( 2006 - 2020 ) . "
these four major scientific plans are the quantitative research of protein quality , control and control of research on nananami , and development and reproductive research .
the program points out that protein science is the life science commanding point that developed countries are now fiercely fighting for .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on studying the transformations of key biological systems , the project group of the protein team , the tuantuan group , the tuantuo group , the research project of protein quality , function of biology , and the interactive and systematic biology based on the proteome , protein research methods and relevant application basic research .
the outline also holds that quantitative regulation and control research is of a clear - cut perspective and may produce a negative impact on the social and economic development of mankind in 20-30 years .
china should focus on studying the carrier of quantum communications and the principles and methods of regulation and control , calculate the quantity , and the new quantitative effect of the limited small quantum system , the new principles and new technological foundation for measuring the quantitative control and measurement .
in addition , the outline points out that nanotechnology has become a strategic choice for many countries to raise their core competitiveness , and is also one of the areas that china is expected to achieve a leaping development .
in the next 15 years , china will focus its research on this field , including the control of the manufacture of nanotechnology materials , the assembly and function of the system , and the development of the nazy , maimes , nima medical , nissan yardstick , and nissan measurement , as well as the development of nanotechnology in the environment , information , and so on .
china 's population has increased by a large margin , its birth defects are numerous , the transplant organs are in serious shortage , and the peak of the aging is approaching . therefore , it is urgently necessary to make breakthroughs in the scientific theory of reproductive and breeding and to make technological innovations .
according to the outline , china will focus on research on the intergeneralization and regulation of stem cells in 2006 - 2020 , and the maturity of the maryx cells and the depression and retreat of the human reproductive functions , the mechanism of assisting reproductive and stem cells , and the safety and ethics of the technology of reproductive and stem cells .
the increase of housing prices in shanghai dropped by nearly 7 percent last year
shanghai , february 9 ( xinhua ) the total investment in housing by the state in 2005 was 28.5 billion yuan , up 25.7 percent from the same period last year .
according to the latest data , the real estate sector in shanghai registered a relatively noticeable decline or a slowing down in the growth rate last year .
the price of residential housing dropped 6.6 percentage points from the previous year , while the added value of the real estate industry decreased 4.1 percent .
pan jianxin , director of the shanghai municipal statistics bureau , said at a news briefing the other day that the average selling price of shanghai 's residential units in 2005 was 6698 yuan per square meter , an increase of 313 yuan over 2004 .
the price of residential housing in the whole year rose 9.2 percent from the previous year , a drop of 6.6 percentage points compared with the same period last year .
the added value of the real estate sector for the whole year was 670.23 billion yuan , down 4.1 percent from the previous year .
among the outstanding loans of financial institutions , the outstanding amount of personal housing mortgage loans was 264.494 - billion yuan , an increase of only 9.4 - billion yuan in the year , and the new amount of loans in 2004 reached 72.09 - billion yuan .
pan jianxin said that from the year - on - year sales price of shanghai 's real estate , sales prices of commercial housing were stable and declining .
according to the latest statistics , the number of people in shanghai 's real estate price increases in 2005 has dropped , while the average selling price of residential housing is 6698 yuan / square meters , an increase of 313 percent over 2004 .
the price level of housing sales in 2005 rose 9.7 percent over the previous year , and the increase rate was 6.2 percentage points lower than that of the previous year .
according to him , last year the shanghai municipality completed the investment of 124.686 billion yuan in real estate development , an increase of 6.1 percent over the previous year .
the sales area was 3.15887 million square meters , down 9.5 percent .
sales of commercial housing totaled 21.63 billion yuan , down 4.5 percent from the previous year .
two light aircraft crashed in new zealand
wellington , february 9 ( xinhua ) two new zealand light aircraft crashed near the north of wellington on the 9th in the area of heung agriculture , about 100 kilometers north of wellington , killing two pilots on board the plane .
according to a relevant responsible official of the local civil aviation department , the pilots on both planes were all pilots of the university 's flight academy . they were also trained and have not obtained any flight license .
at the time of the incident , the two planes were in a non - air control area . according to regulations , the pilot should respond to the aircraft 's navigation and safety situation during flight in such a region .
a witness at the scene of the incident told the new zealand media that he had heard a huge explosion when the plane collided and saw the crash speed of the plane crashed to the ground .
some witnesses also confirmed that before the plane crashed , the explosive sound was heard and a plane was seen to crash .
the cause of the plane collision is not yet clear , and local civil aviation authorities will conduct an investigation on this .
chinese , argentine nationals condemn chen shui - bian 's remarks on taiwan independence
xinhua news agency , buenos aires , february 8 ( reporter cao yu ) a delegation of overseas chinese and chinese residing in argentina , led by chinese residing in argentina , issued a solemn statement on the 8th , strongly condemning chen 's recent attempts to push taiwan independence from the bottom of his heart .
the statement said that chen shui - bian declared in his speech on 29 january that he would abolish the intergovernmental association for unification and the intergovernmental program for unification , which was a move toward " taiwan independence " after becoming a mere formality .
the hopes of the compatriots on both sides of the strait for peace and the stable development of taiwan compatriots will face severe challenges .
the statement pointed out that resolutely opposing and containing the separatist activities of taiwan independence forces , safeguarding peace and stability in the taiwan strait is still the most important and urgent task for compatriots on both sides of the strait and the entire chinese community .
the statement stressed that the argentine china council for promoting peaceful reunification is willing to hold talks with all the chinese people and people of chinese origin from both sides of the argentine side , resolutely oppose the " pro - taiwan independence " movement in any form , and actively promote china 's peaceful reunification .
prc expert on us military threat
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to increase its military spending to the congress in a " four - year plan " submitted to congress a few days ago , saying that china is the most likely threat to the us military .
experts believe that this is an unreasonable accusation of china 's normal national defense construction , and it is a serious provocation against china 's internal affairs .
the " four - year defense assessment report " is a new national defense guidance document of the pentagon .
the 92 - page report used three paragraphs to explain china 's military power and the countermeasures that the united states should take , and the report directly mentioned the issue of dealing with china 's affairs or the chinese - tune foreign exchange , and said that as a major and newly rising country , the chinese nation 's most powerful military power is the most capable of competing with the united states , and that if the united states does not have any anti - system measures , it is very likely
professor yao yunzhu , research fellow of the world military research department of the chinese academy of military sciences , said that although senior us officials have repeatedly expressed similar views , this is the first time in the " report on national defense strategy " that the united states has proposed in the " report " that china is the most likely new large country that may constitute a military challenge to the united states .
this report clearly defines russia 's move to india as a newly emerging strategic competitor , especially the so - called ' axis ' military threat from china .
major general peng guangqian , a researcher of the chinese academy of military sciences , said :
what merits attention is that in the " four - year defense assessment report , " the us president bush also submitted a report to the congress on the results of the 2007 fiscal year , including the defense budget of $ 4393 - billion .
if the situation is added to the military action in iraq and afghanistan , the us fiscal year 2007 will be a new one .
peng guangqian maintained that the united states has fabricated the unwarranted practices of other countries , reflecting the consistent style of the pentagon that created an enemy and created a situation , and its real purpose is to strive for more defense spending and to obtain more profits from the us munitions industry group .
experts say that compared with the huge military spending of the united states , china 's defense expenditure is very limited .
he has been involved in many military experts in china 's defense white paper , deng hongzhou said : since the 1990 's , with the development of the economy , china 's defense spending has increased somewhat , but the overall proportion of the national financial expenditure has declined .
official data show that compared with 1979 , china 's defense spending accounted for 28.2 percent of the national financial expenditure in the same period .
in 2005 , china 's defense spending was 244.656 billion yuan , only about one - fourth of the united states ' per capita , and the national military expenditure was only about one - 60 percent of that of the united states . the per capita military expenditure was about one - thirds of that of the us military .
the size of the us territory is roughly equal to that of china 's territory , but the difference in military expenditure is so huge , and who is the military strength going beyond the legitimate defense needs , this goes without saying .
peng guangqian said :
zhang yan , director of the research department of the china arms control and disarmament association , said that the us side should objectively assess china 's military construction and that china 's peaceful development does not mean that china and the united states will become military opponents in the future .
the " 2004 china 's national defense " white paper says that china firmly takes the path of peaceful development and practices a defensive national defense policy .
china has never been in the past and will not pose a threat to any country in the future .
so far , china has not established any military bases in any other country , nor has it sent a single soldier or a single pawn to other countries , and the united states has more than 100 military bases overseas , and has deployed more than 100,000 troops in the asian region alone .
professor zhu feng of the international relations college of beijing university said : china and the united states should increase communication and exchanges through the established channels , enhance mutual understanding and trust , and comprehensively promote the constructive and cooperative relationship between china and the united states in the new century so as to jointly promote world peace and development .
( winter olympics ) turin winter olympics opening ceremony will be excited
duenin , february 9 ( xinhua ) the 20th winter olympics will be held in beijing from february 30 to 10 local time , according to the official .
on 9 june , the organizing committee of the turin winter olympics revealed to reporters the brilliant arrangements for the opening ceremony .
as for the opening ceremony , the organizing committee chairman carlos tirani was confident , and he said at the news conference that the opening ceremony will cost 10 million euros and will gather top - notch talents from all sides in italy .
he said that the night of 10 april would be an unforgettable one , and the 350,000 audience at the meeting venue and about 2 - billion viewers around the world would see the success of the opening ceremony , which was full of passion .
the exciting red and lively red feelings of the five lantern peace ring along the vast expanse of the ales and the white snow and milk of ales will appear at the opening ceremony . the director said , the director 's emotions and his italian counterpart , lucky , will become the theme of the opening ceremony , and will be the largest - scale development of history .
italian designer ammar , specially designed the clothes for the opening ceremony , a famous italian fashion brand moknooo will present a good opportunity for the athletes to take part in the ceremony .
however , the famous italian male nobel pavarotti will sing a song at the opening ceremony , and the organizing committee will keep this suspense in the end .
eight young ice workers who were able to spray out flames will be moved to the bottom of a three - meter long flame to show the flame of fire . they will be fired at the scene at a speed of 70 kilometers .
the official of the organizing committee said that this was the most satisfactory creation in the opening performance .
on how to ignite the torch , the organizing committee did not reveal earlier , but the main torch station , as high as 57 meters , will light turin and nearby alps .
white house announces bush 's visit to pakistan and india in march
washington , february 9 ( xinhua ) the us white house spokesman mcclellan said today that the us government is " willing to continue its efforts to deal with the conflict in the middle east , despite its blasphemy of the islamic predecessor 's cartoon . "
mcclellan said that bush is looking forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he also said that he is now making arrangements for this visit .
mcclellan made the above remarks when he held various demonstrations in some areas of pakistan in protest against the situation of the islamic preaching mohammed .
in january this year , bush met with pakistani prime minister aziz at the white house , and both sides expressed their willingness to strengthen friendly cooperation to jointly crack down on terrorism that endangers the security of the two countries .
bush also said that at the invitation of the pakistani and indian governments , he will pay a visit to pakistan and india in march .
( international ) hamas seeks breakthrough in cabinet
ramallah , february 9 ( xinhua ) hamas formed a cabinet to seek a breakthrough
xinhua news agency reporter wang hao - huang
the palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) has won the legislative elections , how to draw up a blueprint for a new government has become a focus of international attention .
what new policy will hamas adopt directly affect the next round of the relevant policies of the peace process .
at the same time , the resistance attitude of the united states and israel has added variables to the prospects of the hamas government .
at present , all the palestinians are stepping up their consultations to reach an agreement on the formation of a cabinet that involves the difficulties and sensitive points in the future development of the situation .
the premier 's post has left the premier 's family
after hamas obtained the cabinet , people are worried that prime minister hamas may be linked with the current top leader abbas .
in addition , hamas leader mahal , who is visiting egypt , stressed that the new palestinian government , which was formed by hamas , would not recognize israel , and this hard - line signal has also aggravated international worries .
the united states and israel clearly expressed their disapproval of a hamas government that holds real power and threatened to interrupt economic aid to palestine and to send tax to the palestinians .
however , this does not hinder hamas from making flexible strategic adjustments and electing an independent person is a compromise .
it is reported that in order to obtain the greatest international approval , the hamas leaders at home and abroad , who gathered in egypt , recently decided to elect the chairman of the board of directors of the shahin islamic university , ahmar , and hohard , as the new prime minister .
this move has not received any response from the relevant parties .
palestinian analyst hossein said that no matter who is left with his post , the most crucial thing is that the candidate for the prime minister should try his best to play down the toughest of hamas ' hard - linear flavor , and only thus can he ensure the success of the cabinet formation .
how to allocate power
in terms of internal affairs , the biggest challenge facing hamas in forming a cabinet is that it lacks sufficient experience in governance .
the palestinian " sunni bao " analyzed that by means of social welfare projects , hamas has gathered the people 's morale , but lacks experience in governance and has the same experience in governing the palestinian national liberation movement ( fatah ) , which has the experience of governing .
after the election , hamas proposed establishing a political partnership with fatah and jointly forming a national coalition government . however , fatah has not given a positive response to this .
the question of whether to enter the cabinet is different from the fatah 's internal opinion , and one faction advocates participation in the new government , so that it can do something , while the other faction refuses to invite hamas to be active opposition groups in the legislative yuan .
the source pointed out that , with abbas 's persuasion , fatah gradually inclined to join the new government .
even so , hamas and fatah will also hold consultations on the distribution of cabinet positions .
in addition , the other way is to set up a legislative committee , which is separated from a political party cabinet .
it is reported that hamas has also designed a clean government , but the specific list is unknown .
in view of the attitude of the united states and israel , the technology - specialist government has no choice but to form a cabinet system to reduce external pressure .
according to the provisions of the basic law of palestine , after the new legislative council was sworn in on 16 february , the work of nominating the premier and forming a cabinet will be completed within three to five weeks .
the question of what course to follow in the armed forces
the weapons in hamas are another thorny problem facing the establishment of a new government .
the us and israel have adopted a very tough attitude and resolutely demanded that hamas give up violence and refuse to use a gun to participate in government affairs .
hamas leader mahal stressed on 9 november that armed resistance is a strategic choice of the organization .
the armed forces issue in fact includes the legality of weapons and the ownership of the armed forces .
hamas elected the first member of the legislative council through democratic and free means , and its subordinate armed factions are not dushi xanju .
hamas once proposed to unite all factions into the palestinian national authority , but it did not receive extensive support .
palestine now has more than 60,000 security personnel , and most of them come from the fatah camp .
moreover , fatah has some loose - affiliated armed factions , such as shiite al-aqsa martyrs brigades , shijie shijiazi , and others .
hamas , which is responsible for forming a cabinet , must hold talks with abbas on how to manage these armed forces that are all responsible for their own affairs and reasonably distribute security management powers .
according to local media reports , abbas is inclined to take charge of security and intelligence units , police and civil defense organizations , and other organizations are managed by the interior ministry of the new government .
however , the parties are still holding consultations on this sensitive issue , and so far there is no further report .
china issues report on polar exploration
beijing , february 10 ( xinhua ) china 's state oceanic administration ( soa ) has recently issued a " report on china 's polar exploration in 2005 " , which is the first time china has ever conducted a polar scientific research activity in more than 20 years .
the report comprehensively reflects the trend of china 's ultra - scientific research activities in 2005 , the extreme - field research project of logistics support , and the major results of the research .
according to the " report , " at 2:15 on 9 january 2005 ( beijing time ) , the antarctic china inspected the inland icecap inspection team to successfully climb to the antarctic surface of the antarctic ocean , the highest ice - covered area , and the southern part of the region on 18 january at 315 hours ( beijing time ) . it confirmed the high - speed journey of the chungfeng chungchang , the highest position of the position of the
it is an international polar exploration stage with increasingly fierce competition . the chinese people are firm and dauntless in their will and dauntless spirit , dare to open up new fields , and first conduct research on the antarctic ocean icecap , which has been successfully completed , and has achieved the objective of human being in the antarctic ocean .
sun zhihui , director of the state oceanic administration , said :
the " report " shows that on 24 march 2005 , china 's 21 st antarctic expedition team successfully completed its mission and returned to shanghai . the 1,51 - day inspection , with a flight distance of 26,500 nautical miles .
on 18 november that year , china 's 22 nd antarctic expedition team left shanghai and went to the antarctic zhongshan station to conduct scientific research . it will be left by the end of february 2006 for the testing station via australia .
since it was the first time china published a polar inspection report , the " 2005 report on china 's polar inspection " also put forward specific proposals on the development of china 's polar exploration undertaking , which started in the early 1980 's .
according to the " report , " china formally joined the " antarctic treaty " in 1983 and became a member of the antarctic treaty organization . it successively became a state - level scientific research committee of the antarctic treaty , which was most influential among the antarctic council members .
in 1997 , china became a member of the arctic science committee and won a right to speak and decision - making power in international affairs .
the " report " points out that in the past 20 years and more , china 's ultra - style inspection has developed continuously , with a scale at the beginning , a sanxia station , a ship from the sanxia station , a frigate from the southern section of the intercontinental scientific research system , namely , the antarctic changcheng station established in february 1985 , the nanpolar station built in february 1989 , the beidan station in july 2004 , and the nan@@
according to the " report " , by the end of 2005 , china has organized 22 research projects on antarctic science , which were conducted twice , with the shuttle crawling ship number as the yacheng platform , the two group inspections of the arctic yellow river station , and more than 3,000 people have so far been inspected in nanjing , and conducted in person the nanjing university .
now we are making preparations for the establishment of the third antarctic research station , and also the first antarctic inland station in china . the anchiu station is also carrying out feasibility study .
sun zhihui said :
after more than 20 years of efforts , china 's ultra - field inspection has occupied a huge place in the world 's polar inspection , but compared with other major polar countries , the situation still remains quite large . we have to meet the needs of the times . we must catch up with them and work hard to catch them .
he said .
sun zhihui revealed that china will publish an ultra - polar inspection report in the future .
castro meets chinese president
havana , february 10 ( xinhua ) the president of the cuban council of state , castro , met with chinese state councilor chen zhili , who is on a visit to cuba , on the 10th . both sides expressed their willingness to continuously strengthen mutually beneficial cooperation in education , science and technology , and other fields .
president castro warmly welcomed state councilor chen zhili to visit cuba .
he said : cuban - chinese relations are very friendly , with frequent high - level visits , which have effectively promoted and strengthened friendship and mutual understanding between the two countries , and he hoped that the two countries will continually deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in all fields , including education and science .
chen said that cuba is the largest developing country in latin america and the caribbean .
the friendly exchanges between the chinese and cuban peoples go back to ancient times .
cuba is the first latin american country to establish diplomatic relations with new china .
in the new century , with the concern and promotion of the leaders of the two countries , the political mutual trust between the two countries has been deepened day by day , the scope of cooperation has been expanded continuously , and the friendly relations between china and cuba have entered a new period of comprehensive development .
she believed that with the joint efforts of both sides , sino - cuban friendly cooperation will surely yield more fruitful results .
chen zhili also pointed out : the chinese government has always attached importance to exchanges and cooperation with cuba in the field of education .
in recent years , the two countries have increasingly closer educational exchanges and frequent personnel contacts .
china actively supports the international conference held by the cuban side and has sent a delegation to attend previous world higher education conferences and the 2005 conference on wiping out illiteracy .
cuba 's basic education level is very high , and it is hoped that relevant experience exchanges will be further strengthened in the future .
chen said that the cooperation between china and cuba in scientific and technological research and development can be carried out through various cooperation , and the two countries can achieve a win - win situation .
the chinese side has provided aid to some of cuba 's scientific research equipment and hopes to play a positive role in cuba 's scientific research and production .
she also briefed castro on china 's strategy of rejuvenating the country with science and education and the national science and technology conference .
chen zhili arrived in beijing on 9 february local time at the invitation of the cuban government to begin his visit to cuba .
during the visit , chen zhili met with vesco , minister of the cuban ministry of higher education , and inspected the university of information science of havana university . tuertuermo middle school and st maria elementary school .
gas leakage on beijing - kazakhstan highway
harbin , february 11 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to lift the ban on the construction of a highway in the area of the beijing - harbin highway at about 2200 on february 10 , causing a segment of some sections of the road .
according to the police of the traffic police unit of shuangcheng city public security bureau , at about 2200 on 10 april , three trucks collided with each other at 58 kilometers from beijing , and a duan police vehicle and a oil tanker hit them together . the cracks of the tanker 's body were leaked , and the oil discarded inside the vehicle flowed onto the road .
it is learned that the oil tanker was loaded with discarded oil after the oil tanker was producing coke .
because of the high dense smoke , it is also feared that the fire hazard would occur in vehicles in the past , and the relevant departments have closed the road to the scene .
some highways from harbin to shuangcheng were closed , and many vehicles bypassed .
at present , relevant departments are screening the scene and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) hutchison whampoa announced the three italian companies ' listing dates
hong kong , february 11 ( xinhua ) hutchison whampoa company announced on the 11th that it is a listed company of 3xx telecommunications under the flag delayed for implementation .
and huo jianning , general manager of the huanggang group , said that although the listing of all relevant supervisory bodies in italy has been approved , the application procedures must be completed within the next few weeks . the time is really too hasty .
at the same time , the current market situation in europe 's telecommunications is weak , and the market may not be able to provide italy with a suitable valuation of the market at this moment .
in view of the consideration of the greatest interest of shareholders , the decision was made to postpone the listing .
as to when the shares will be sold again , mr fok said that the future movement of the european telecommunications market would depend on the future situation .
he believes that , from now until the time of the stock market , the three italian companies need to conduct extensive investor education activities to enable the global telecommunications investment market to have a clearer understanding of the current strong performance and favorable prospects of the italian industry .
according to media reports , the three italian rituals , one of the global coordinators , were high , agreeing to invest 420 million euros in the form of private distribution , holding 10 % of the italian stock company 3 , which is expected to be completed by the end of march this year .
china , myanmar sign trade agreements
yangon , february 12 ( xinhua ) the chinese ambassador to myanmar , the chinese ambassador to myanmar , and the economic and trade counselor tang hai , were interviewed by xinhua on the eve of myanmar 's prime minister soe win 's visit to china on the 14th . he said that the economic and trade relations between the two countries were very good on the eve of the 14th when they were rich in content .
ambassador guan mu said : the friendly cooperative relations between china and burma , which have been established on the basis of the five principles of peaceful coexistence in recent years , have been consolidated and developed , and exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been expanded and deepened day by day .
counselor tang said that the high - level visits between the two countries have effectively promoted the development of bilateral economic and trade cooperation .
during the 2004 high - level exchange of visits , the two sides signed 33 documents on economic and trade cooperation , most of which are being implemented and implemented .
he said that the year 2004 was $ 11.4 - billion , and the 2005 figure is $ 12.09 - billion , of which $ 935 - billion was china 's exports and $ 274 - million worth of imports were exported .
in the bilateral trade last year , the trade between china 's yunnan and myanmar ( including border trade ) amounted to $ 630 million , up 14.66 percent over the year before .
tang said myanmar has become a major force for chinese enterprises to carry out contracting projects , and china 's main projects in myanmar include construction of a bridge linking the railway station and the plant ( such as the tangerines plant , the maize river mill , and the jiu mill ) .
chinese enterprises have launched engineering businesses in myanmar , which have brought along the export of china 's various kinds of mechanical and electrical products . myanmar has become the major market for china 's complete sets of equipment and mechanical and electrical products .
according to statistics of the chinese customs , in the past five years , the export of mechanical and electrical products has accounted for about 45.0 percent of china 's total export volume to myanmar .
counselor tang also said that myanmar has abundant resources and chinese companies have started investing in the burmese oil and natural gas field copper mine and other resource development projects , and there is great potential for the development of sino - burmese economic and trade cooperation .
he hoped that chinese enterprises would have a long - term view , learn to avoid risks , and make careful decisions , establish a good image of enterprises , and ensure their quality and quantity is fulfilled on schedule , so as to win glory for the country .
ambassador liu and counselor tang hai both held that premier soe win 's upcoming official visit to china is the first visit to china in bilateral relations this year , and will have a positive impact on promoting political mutual trust , promoting bilateral cooperation , and promoting the further development of sino - burmese good - neighborly and friendly relations .
it is expected that the two sides will sign several documents on economic and trade cooperation during the visit .
world bank to reduce debt to poorest countries
moscow , february 11 ( xinhua ) world bank president wolfowitz said in moscow on the 11th that the world bank will completely relieve the debt of the poorest countries by mid - 2000 .
wolfowitz held talks with the finance ministers of the g8 finance ministers who were here to attend the g - 8 finance ministers ' meeting in moscow on the same day .
in a statement issued after the meeting , he said that the world bank would implement the debt reduction and exemption program before 1 july this year , and that the world bank is now completing all technical work .
the world bank 's donor countries have been exempted from the debts owed by 28 countries last year and pledged to fill the fund for the relevant trust funds .
the international monetary fund 's debt amount is relatively small , and the organization has reduced or waived its debts since the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz 's decision to exempt debts from 16 african countries .
the digital television is gradually becoming the mainstream in the united states
new york , february 12 ( xinhua ) with the rapid growth of the number of digital television sets ( from chiu yu ) , the price of the high resolution digital resolution television sets continues to decline and the market continues to expand , the us television broadcasting agency has also stepped up its introduction of the corresponding high - definition television programs .
the us - style superhuo - rowling tournament , which has just been set off , has become a hot - standing match for the american broadcasting industry to greet the era of tvb .
according to a recent report in the financial times , the us congress recently passed a bill requiring the us broadcasting industry to provide the broadcasting industry with the right to fully stop broadcasting the existing simulated television signals on 17 february 2009 and only broadcast the digital signals .
this means that the comprehensive digitization of the us tv program has already set a clear timetable .
the popularization of high resolution digital television on the one hand depends on consumers to buy television sets , and on the other hand , it depends on the manufacturing sector to provide high - resolution digital programs .
although digital television has been mentioned repeatedly in the past few years , it has never become a reality .
this problem has taken a turn for the better this year .
according to the us consumer electronics association 's forecast , the number of digital television sets to be sold in the united states for the first time this year will exceed that of traditional television sets , and 85.5 % of the digital television sets are high resolution products .
japanese researchers develop new highly efficient kidney
tokyo , february 13 ( xinhua ) the japanese government has been studying the development of a biomass - based kidney by researchers of the east china sea university , which is not only in the same way as human kidney , but also has the ability to retain its functions of material elements , and its size is small and easy to transplant . with the in - depth study , it is expected that the kidney disease will bring the fullest voice of the patient .
according to a recent report by the nihon industrial news , the newly developed biomass - based kidney mainly consists of two parts , and some are filtration and water in blood . according to the reports of the seniors who built the kidney of xie xuru , part of the newborn baby was reproduced from the used components of the original water , the tentative components , and the relics were reused to the blood transfusion .
the tuanyuan and tuantuan are all managed by the middle and the silk line .
this kind of skin cell can cause many transgenic diseases caused by the instinct of mystery of diands , and the tuberculosis of the transfusion of material into hydrazine acid and return to blood , and at the same time , it can also make the turnias necessary for body health , such as meledues and mineral substances , and enter the blood again .
in the past , the difference between human kidney and the degree of weight of the seepage is filtration , and cannot be completely removed , and there is no need for the reentry of therapy of hydrocaric acid and other elements to return to the blood .
researchers used the mountain sheep to carry out biological human kidney transplantation experiments , and the walls inside the muddy cinema of human kidney were used in pig 's neys .
two weeks later , researchers confirmed that human kidney is capable of performing its functions .
at present , they are developing biological human kidney for the use of human kidney cells and will work to clinical research after verification of their safety .
china 's power industry safety faces severe challenges
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the state power regulatory commission ( sgac ) said on the 13th that although the overall situation of power safety in 2005 remained stable , the safety of electricity production was still faced with severe challenges .
shi yubo , vice chairman of the state power regulatory commission , made the above remarks at the fifth meeting of the national power safety production committee held here today .
however , he pointed out that with the changes in the situation of power supply and demand and the successive operation of a large number of new power generating units , power safety production will face new challenges .
these challenges include : regional heat - time power shortage phenomena will still exist , and power supply and demand in some areas will remain tight , and the coal price mechanism has not yet been formed , leading to coal supply still exists .
shi yubo said : with the deepening of the reform of the power system , many deep - rooted contradictions will be continually exposed , and how to maintain the stability of the ranks of workers and staff members and ensure normal production order will become new problems facing them .
in view of the work of safe production of electricity in 2006 , shi yubo said that it is necessary to further solidify the foundation for the management of power safety , speed up the establishment and improvement of the mechanism for emergency management of power safety , enhance the ability to deal with unexpected incidents , strengthen coordination and cooperation in power plants and networks , jointly safeguard the safety of the power system , continue to do a good job in supervising and managing the building of the dam , and ensure the safety
it is learned that in connection with the new situation in the management of power safety , the power industry supervision commission will promulgate the " interim regulations on investigating power production accidents " this year . meanwhile , the relevant power plants will be able to ensure the safety of the dam and the safety of the second power system . the documents will be successively promulgated this year .
in 2005 , the power consumption of the whole society in china reached 24.689 - trillion kilowatt - hours , up 13.45 percent over the same period last year .
in the face of the situation of power supply and demand being tight , and the contradictions between coal , power , and oil transportation are conspicuous , all power enterprises have earnestly adopted effective measures to strengthen the management of equipment . there were no exceptionally big power plant accidents in the whole country last year .
the power grid accident has been 74 times less than the corresponding period of last year , with 427 accidents involving equipment , decreasing 132 compared with the same period last year .
south african envoy to china said there are no organizations in south africa that are directed against chinese citizens
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the south african government has decided to grant china a visa to the chinese government for the first time in a meeting with a delegation of the south african embassy in china , said a spokesman for the office of the south african embassy in beijing on tuesday .
he also said that the south african government will do its best to crack down on all forms of criminal activities .
vinin said the south african government hopes to move the rate of crime down to zero , and hopes that every foreign businessman in south africa will have a safe and safe operation of the local law and the citizens .
since 2006 , four chinese citizens have been killed in south africa , and the world of chinese people has expressed extensive concern over this .
the chinese foreign ministry has made representations to south africa and reminded chinese citizens in south africa to further enhance their awareness of security and prevention , and the overseas chinese have strengthened their unity and friendliness and cooperated with the police in cracking down on criminal activities .
i sincerely express our sympathy and sorrow to the family members of the victims .
fu kangning said : i am sorry for this , and i also invite the chinese people to believe that the south african government is seriously investigating every case involving china .
the south african police have successfully cracked a case of the chinese woman chen jianqing , who was killed in south africa on february 5 , and a suspect has been arrested .
at present , the police are hunting for another suspect .
the south african embassy in china revealed that the number of criminal suspects involved in the shooting of hong kong businessmen in january this year has been arrested by south africa 's police and the victims ' property has been recovered .
speaking of the possible impact of the incident of chinese citizens ' assassination , fu kangning said that these incidents indeed have a negative impact on trade between the two countries , tourism , and exchanges in other fields . however , in the long run , the impact of the impact should not be a big stream from a long - term perspective .
the south african embassy tourism commissioner , nian benxi , said the embassy had provided more than 2,000 chinese tourists in the first 15 days of this year .
according to chinese official statistics , south africa will continue to maintain its largest export market in africa by 2005 .
the bilateral trade volume reached $ 7.27 billion , up 23.0 percent year on year .
however , people in the tourism sector believe that the continuous incident of chinese citizens ' assassination in 2004 has a significant impact on the number of chinese tourists to south africa .
according to statistics from the south african tourism bureau , in the first half of 2005 , china tourists visiting south africa were 20,331 , down 14.9 percent compared with the same period last year .
at present , about 200,000 chinese living in south africa are scattered in urban and rural areas in south africa .
analysts here believe that the gap between the rich and the poor in south africa is wide , the unemployment rate is high , and gun is rampant , and there is no death penalty deterrent , so the crime rate is still high .
because many chinese do not know english , and they have cash in their bodies and at home , it is more likely to become targets of criminals ' financial attacks .
hk promotes learning and training in english
hong kong , february 13 ( xinhua ) the hong kong special administrative region government launched a new plan on the 13th to allow more working people to raise their english standards .
this is a good academic style , a rich life , and a new theme , including the promotion of english and english language through a series of promotional activities , and further enhancing the understanding of employers on how to help employees raise their english standards .
as at present , the scheme has provided assistance to nearly 25,000 people who have completed the workplace english training course , bringing them up to the benchmark for the relevant workplace .
hong kong 's class english movement is launched in 2000 .
major projects in the workplace english campaign are provided with the funding scheme for workplace english training .
the scheme aims to help employees in need of english in their work and to provide them with training and participation in designated international business english examinations .
the aids testing system in hebei is free and voluntary
shijiazhuang , february 14 ( xinhua ) the health department of hebei province recently issued a " circular on the voluntary consultation and inspection of aids in hebei province " ( trial implementation ) , which clearly specifies the implementation of free and voluntary procedures for aids testing and testing and securing secrecy , and hopes to find aids patients and patients as much as possible and to further implement prevention and interference measures and the four - self policy of lifting through discussion .
the " plan " has made clear the principle for hebei province 's voluntary consultation and inspection work : aids antibody testing and consultation are free of charge , aids antibody testing and consultation voluntary consultation and the consent of the information , aids antibody testing and consultation , and secrecy , and not assessing the relevant behavior of the aids virus carriers and the legitimate rights and interests of aids patients . it provides them with corresponding follow - up services .
the " plan " requires that the aids consultation and testing points should be located at the convenience of the consulting , and that in order to protect the privacy of the consulting , there should be a single room for consultation .
the choice of advisers should give full consideration to personal quality and knowledge and exchange ability .
to protect the privacy of the consulting , the inspection leaflet can be registered with the code or number .
the " plan " also requires health administration departments at and above the county level to publish the information about the local governments undertaking voluntary aids and free - range inspection and testing services in their local major media so as to facilitate the masses to understand the relevant information .
the ministry of public security still holds key tasks in extorting confessions by torture
beijing , february 14 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to further strengthen its supervision over the use of force in the country , said zheng baigang , deputy chief of the police inspectors bureau of the ministry of public security , at a press conference here today
the focus of the work of the supervision departments is also to prevent the occurrence of these problems .
he also pointed out that some international organizations have a strong understanding of the law enforcement situation of the chinese police , and they are not completely untrue .
the latest information provided by the ministry of public security on 14 february shows that in 2002 , the ministry of public security issued the " regulations on the implementation of the measures for keeping arrangements by public security organs , " " the regulations on application of continuing interrogations by public security organs , " which better guarantee that public security organs at the grassroots level will apply for interrogations according to law .
since 1997 , the central authorities have made important arrangements for deepening the three procedures of management ( i.e. , to expose cases of unauthorized use of firearms and ammunition to control cases of abuse of compulsory measures ) , and the police inspectors of the national public security organs have insisted on going deep into the police station , the police corps , and other grassroots public security supervision and management units to enforce the law on the spot , and to conduct investigations on the security rights of citizens .
to prevent the occurrence of law enforcement problems at its source , the police supervisory departments further extend the tentative tone of law enforcement inspectors , intensify inquiries about the measures for applying the measures , call " 110 " interrogation , " interrogate the " company 's " money involved in the case , " punished the personnel involved in the case , and inserted information on the vehicle car and car .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) sun yun - suan dies in taipei
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the taiwan strait exchange foundation ( sef ) , which was the honorary chairman of the taiwan strait exchange foundation ( sef ) , has been defeated by the acute heart failure and the bloody shock , which was once an acute cardiac cave , in the early morning of the 15th .
sun yun - suan was born on 11 november 1913 . he was a native of penglai , shandong , and a graduate of the electrical machinery department of harbin university of industry .
it is a member of the 10 th and 13 th central committees , a member of the 11 th central committee standing committee , and a member of the central committee evaluation committee of the 14 th central committee .
he was formerly a minister of transportation and communications of the taiwan authorities . he was appointed minister of economy and chairman of the executive affairs bureau .
heilongjiang promotes the evaluation of the ecological environment of songhua river water pollution
harbin , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has made active efforts to improve the water level of the songhua river during the dry period and the ice - breaking period .
the reporter learned from the heilongjiang provincial environmental protection bureau that the shushan county environmental protection bureau , led by the state environmental protection administration , organized the project for assessing and reorganizing the major pollution incidents in the songhua river and the project for ecological environment , which is divided into five special topics , namely emergency environmental assessment , emergency environmental assessment , environmental protection assessment , and environmental protection assessment , and comprehensive assessment of the human body 's environmental pollution control project , and the specific time of the project is
currently , there are 10 scientific research institutions in heilongjiang province , with more than 60 people taking on 14 technical research tasks .
according to the introduction , environmental protection departments and relevant scientific research institutions will focus on five special topics , namely , the emergency environmental assessment and countermeasures research topics for the incident , and will strive to solve the environmental problems that the masses are most concerned about .
these include the main control over the concentration of pollutants in the outbound areas and the prediction of the total pollutant pollution incident , the impact of the safety of the songhua river products on the consumption of water from both sides of the river , the diversion of water from the bottom , assessment of the urban security and chemical technology plan for water supply technology , and research on the sanxia river water supply technology , and the cleaning and absorption of pollutants
heilongjiang province 's environmental protection departments will also intensify environmental monitoring along the songhua river , strictly investigate and deal with serious pollution caused by illegal waste discharge and illegal construction .
heilongjiang will dispatch environmental law enforcement personnel to supervise and guide various localities in carrying out comprehensive improvement of the environment of small river basins and perfecting the local yishihe river and other subversive environmental management system .
beijing university opens coffin to express its condolences
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) after a few days of tight deployment , the beijing university has set up a memorial hall for the centennial anniversary , which is located in beijing .
at 0800 hours , the hall was not opened , and there were several dozen people outside the hall .
this reporter was speaking at the memorial hall at the centennial memorial hall of beijing university . the walls of the hall were covered with a dark horizontal mourning for academicians wang xuan and tumultuous grief .
the lower side of the horizontal hall is a huge photo of wang xuan , who is more than 10 square meters . he wore a glimpse , his face was laughing , and his air was elegant .
the portrayal of the remains was placed on both sides of the ruins , with dozens of flowers scattered on both sides .
one of the wrestling circle wrote : " you have been a thick move from qin sheng to the foundation of tang brilliant chinese , bid farewell to the lead coming from the contemporary era of tangxi drawing , and present brilliant chapters .
the atmosphere was filled with a mood of grief .
among the mourning crowd were leaders of beijing university and teachers and students , friends of wang xuan , students from both college and university , and many neighbors who had no knowledge of him also specially rushed to the scene .
some of them wore flowers in their hands , some holding flowers , and each of them wore small white flowers in their chest , slowly walking to the remains of academician wang xuan , bowing their hopes .
many people could not help but shed tears .
zhang wenbin , who served as director of the state cultural relics bureau , is an old alumni of beijing university . he told this reporter that more than 10 years ago , he was still working in henan province , and had invited professor wang xuan to give a report on scientific and technological innovation to provincial party committee cadres .
academician wang xuan is a tuantuan who is a model for us to learn . he has made important contributions to the country and society . the people will never forget him . the example is a group of academicians .
jin ruilin , professor at the beijing university law school , and wang xuan , an old friend and a neighbor for more than 40 years .
he was discharged a few days ago . today he insisted on farewell to his old friend .
mr. jin wrote a statement in the album , which could not suppress his grief and repeatedly frozen the breeze of tears .
he told the reporter that professor wang 's life was very frugal and his alertness was a professor at tong fu garden . he had already had a very high achievement . however , he was still a very small pile .
later , he moved to chengzai garden , where he lived in 780 square meters , and it was also a little over 10 years .
beijing university gave him a lecture on the academicians ' building at the blue - flagged camp , a big house of more than 140 square meters , and a high - level housing in the fang - cheng building . he also did not need to be a tranquil company .
mr. jin recalled with deep feeling that wang xuan was a very high - quality foreign businessman during his overseas visit , but he always resolutely thanked him for this .
at first he insisted on not applying for an academician , and was appointed by mr. zhou peiyuan after several rounds of mobilization .
mr. jin , who is deeply touched , also has a different attitude toward cultivating young people . he has repeatedly stressed that i still have some achievements , not just because i see me . instead , i should rely on cultivating young people .
mr. jin said : when he was 50 years old , wang xuan began to pay attention to cultivating young people . he always emphasized that he wanted to pave the way and would be willing to be a human ladder and give way to young people .
this is a very successful scientist , and it is very difficult to get involved in the industry .
the reporter learned from the press center of beijing university that from 09:00 on 15 february to 12:00 noon on 19 february , wang xuan 's agent hall , which is an academician , opened to the public from 9 : 00 a. m . to 1600 hours daily , was expressed by people of all circles .
he was known to be a contemporary chairman of the chinese academy of social sciences , professor yan shuyan , academician of the chinese academy of engineering , professor at the third world academy of sciences , who is an academician of the chinese academy of engineering , was elected at beijing university at 11:33 on 13 february due to illness . he died of illness at the hospital in beijing at 11:33 hours . he died of illness .
china 's npc , chilean parliament discuss bilateral ties
wu bangguo attended the signing ceremony and signed the agreement .
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) li peng , chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) , attended the meeting of the chinese npc and the chilean parliament on the signing of a political dialogue agreement between the two parliaments at the great hall of the people on the afternoon of 15 february .
the exchange mechanism between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament was formally established .
it is reported that the chilean senate president rogero and house speaker assensie siez have signed a joint statement in santiago , the capital of chile .
according to the agreement , the two sides will , in accordance with the principles laid down in the sino - chilean communique on the establishment of diplomatic relations , establish a political dialogue relationship between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament . the two sides will establish a dialogue committee to hold regular meetings between the two countries in turn to jointly promote the overall development of bilateral relations .
chilean ambassador to china kamal kalrila attended the signing ceremony .
china to promulgate regulations on protection of information network dissemination
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the european union ( eu ) has been relying on a large number of websites to be reprinted in newspapers and magazines
wang ziqiang said : according to the existing legal provisions , the works published in newspapers and periodicals can not be done by both writers and not by any means of regulation . the newspapers and periodicals may be published without the consent of the author . at the same time , they should pay the price . the state copyright bureau has specially formulated the standards for repayment of newspapers and periodicals in accordance with the law .
however , according to the existing law , the newspaper and periodical publishing houses enjoy the right to grant such a statutory license . the internet is not entitled to this right of legal permission .
according to the relevant judicial explanations made by the supreme people 's court , the way the newspapers and periodicals use the statutory procedures for reprinting the legal documents on the internet , that is , the newspapers and periodicals may apply the internet . the author did not make a statement that the internet could not be used as a medium or short span , and the internet could not be used without the use of the internet , and the payment should be paid .
however , as the judicial interpretation does not stipulate the standard of remuneration , in reality , the use of these works by the internet is not paid .
the short - term works on the internet are applicable to statutory permission , and there is a need to be learned from the legal level .
wang ziqiang said : whether to include the system in the legal scope and the scope of the information network dissemination right that will be promulgated this year are confirmed by the regulations .
russian military says georgian parliament resolution will not affect russian peacekeeping operations
moscow , february 15 ( xinhua ) russia 's defense ministry officials sergey seleduov told the media on the 15th that the georgian parliament has made a decision on the russian peacekeeping force in the near future , saying that the resolution will not affect the peacekeeping operation of russian troops , and that russian troops will continue to carry out peacekeeping missions in the south ossetia conflict area .
the russian state duma ( lower house ) cis affairs committee chairman konzin expressed his views on the russian peacekeeping troops in georgia on the same day . he pointed out that this resolution by georgia would undermine the stability of the situation in the region and would have an adverse impact on russian relations .
he stressed that the georgian parliament 's resolution has further deteriorated the relations between the two countries .
he said : georgia 's accusations against russia are absurd .
the georgian parliament passed a resolution on the same day demanding that the russian peacekeeping troops stop their peacekeeping operations in the south ossetia , but did not determine the specific deadline for the withdrawal of russian peacekeeping troops .
georgia 's parliament accused russian peacekeeping personnel of failing to fulfill their stipulated obligations and also regarded russian actions in the conflict area as a move aimed at swinging on this territory of georgia .
the georgian parliament urged the government to take active actions to consider sending troops to international peacekeeping troops in the south ossetia clash region to replace the current peacekeeping operations in the region .
the georgian parliament also instructed the government to revise the relevant agreements on the stationing of russian peacekeeping personnel in the conflict area .
the south ossetia is a autonomous state in georgia , and is bordering the republic of north ossetia .
after the disintegration of the former soviet union , the united states declared independence on its own and had long been in a state of confrontation with the georgian central government .
at present , russia is stationed in the region with one 500 peacekeeping troops .
the troops were deployed in northern georgia , the capital city of southern ossetia , in 1992 .
four persons in charge of the fire at liaoyuan hospital will be prosecuted for suspected major responsibility accidents
changchun , february 16 ( xinhua ) the liaoyuan city hospital in jilin province has been hit by a fire , and the investigation group has identified 11 persons in charge of the accident , including zhang liankun , head of the hospital power station , and four others , who are suspected of having a major accident .
on 15 december 2005 , the largest hospital in liaoyuan city , wuqi hospital , was hit , and 39 people were killed .
in this fire , the fire area has exceeded 5,000 square meters .
it is learned that this is the first time that the medical and health system has been in trouble since the founding of new china .
according to investigations , at about 16:30 on the day of the incident , the liaoyuan city center hospital suddenly stopped power . according to the hospital 's circuit design , if power outage is suspended , the power - switch gate will automatically jump to the deputy gate , and continue to maintain normal power supply at the hospital . however , the power gate gate was not automatically switched . the electric section head zhang diankun , who was on the accident , was forced
the underground cable cable that prevailed at that time was a scene of chaos and unrest in more than 10 cable cables , and such electric cables should be very tired to the square and must be set up fire floors .
therefore , the 57 - year - old liaoyuan city textile company 's electric battery company , zhao yongchun , was installed with a retired cadre ( senior engineer ) of the liaoyuan city telecommunications bureau . after being transferred to work in the zhongyuan city center hospital , sun fenglin , was also sentenced to death for suspected involvement in a major accident .
china 's rural tourism starts first tour in east china
guiyang , february 16 ( xinhua ) the guiyang city intermediate people 's court in guizhou province on the morning of the 16 th found the dead bodies of the children of the big people in tianlong village , tianlong town , ping ba county , guizhou province .
at 10:30 am , after the five - year event , wang wei , a 80 - year - old zheng peqin , an old man with a long - colored shirt , sounded the first kicking of china 's rural tourism .
tin lung tuen tsuen is a typical representative of the development of tourism in guizhou 's rural areas and a national village tourism demonstration site .
as the tuen mun military 's descendants during the hongwu years of the ming dynasty , the tunnels have been a history of more than 600 years .
here , it is evident that he is wearing a big sleeved blue robes , and the ancient han culture and costumes are in the complete preservation of the village in tuen mun .
it is learned that the tianlong village relies on this cultural tradition advantage and will develop rural cultural tourism from 2002 . the ticket income will reach 380 - million yuan in 2005 alone , with 477 percent of the rural households living in the entire village selling their travel goods through the meina transportation sector and other tourism , and the per capita income of the peasants will increase from over 130 million in 2002 to over 260 yuan in 2005 .
yang shengming , director of the guizhou provincial tourism bureau , said that following the first tour of tianlong tuen , the focus of the new tuantuan tourism project in the new rural tourism experience , the new experience of new and new tourism experience , the new tourism trend , will be 35 this year in various localities of guizhou .
so far , guizhou has launched various kinds of rural tourism projects in more than 130 villages . by 2005 , more than 600,000 peasant households in the province have freed themselves from poverty through developing tourism .
in january , housing prices in 70 cities rose 5.5 percent , while the shanghai housing prices continued to decline .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the national economy grew by 5.7 percent in january , the same period last year , while the prices of housing sales in 70 large and medium - sized cities dropped by 0.7 percentage points over the previous month .
the housing prices in shanghai continued to decline .
the state development and reform commission reported on 16 february that the statistics released by the national bureau of statistics show that most of the 70 large and medium - sized cities ' housing sales prices rose slightly in january compared with the same period last year , and the percentage of such price increases in hohhot and haote exceeded 10 percent in dalian , and the sales prices of housing in shanghai continued to decline by a small margin , decreasing by 0.4 percent compared with the same period last year .
the same statistics show that in the first quarter of last year , the housing sales prices in shanghai were up by 19.1 percent over the same period last year , and there was a turning point after that , and the slight decline in the second half of last year was a year earlier .
in january this year , the prices of new commercial housing in 70 large and medium - sized cities rose 6.9 percent year on year , and the increase rate was 0.2 percentage points lower than that in the previous month .
new commercial housing has increased by 18.93 percent in dalian , wuxi , and hohhot , 14.79 percent higher than the same period last year . shenzhen has a 10.7 percent increase . chengdu has an average annual rate of 14.4 percent ;
the organization department of the cpc central committee has called for further strengthening supervision over the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres and cadres .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the central organization department recently published and distributed opinions on strengthening the work of supervising cadres .
the opinions urged organization departments at all levels to proceed from strict management and care for cadres , and to make cadre supervision part of the examination of cadre training , which runs through examination , selection , appointment , and routine management , and establish a system of systems for supervision work that ensures timely improvement and perfection of prevention and timely rectification of unhealthy practices , and conscientiously strengthen supervision over the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing leading cadres .
the opinions pointed out : the main tasks of organizational departments in supervising cadres are : first , supervising leading bodies and leading cadres ; the focus is on strengthening supervision over the principal responsible persons of leading bodies ; second , supervising the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres of the party and government ; and stress on implementing the " regulations on the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres of the party and government " .
in supervising the leading bodies and leading cadres , the opinions put forward the need to unswervingly do a good job in education in ideals and faith and in the work of opposing corruption and promoting clean government , and to carry out education in the course of cultivating , promoting , and supervising cadres , and to guide and urge leading cadres to step up party building , and to build a party that serves the interests of the public and governs for the people , and to build a solid ideological and moral defense line for resisting
in his speech at the new promotion of cadres , we should set clear requirements for the work of being honest and self - disciplined .
leading bodies at all levels should be urged to uphold democratic centralism , establish and perfect rules and procedures for making policy decisions , and conscientiously implement the system of combining collective leadership with individual responsibility .
we should give prominence to the supervision of the principal responsible persons of the leading bodies , and the responsible persons of the organization ( personnel ) departments should often talk with the principal leaders of the leading bodies at the next level , so as to understand the situation of their ideological work being done by both ideological work and journalism .
establish and improve the system of routine management and supervision by leading cadres , and regularly understand and analyze the ideological and work style of the leading cadres and put forward opinions and measures for solving problems .
leading cadres should be admonished to the system of making an encouragement and asking for advice , and should be educated in a timely manner when problems with symptoms of symptoms of symptoms of symptoms are found .
the outstanding problems reported by the masses should be seriously investigated and understood , and problems should be resolved in light of the different situations .
at the same time , it is necessary to integrate strengthening supervision with encouraging cadres to boldly explore new fields and blaze new trails , and pay attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the opinions urged that the organization ( personnel ) departments at all levels should effectively strengthen their supervision over the work of selecting and appointing party and government leading cadres .
further improve the system of examining and discussing the recommendation of cadres by both sides of the need for recommendation and recommendation , and strictly implement the system of selecting and appointing cadres in order to get politically close to those who work , and to work in a manner of work , which is done by the masses and supported by the masses , to the leading posts at all levels .
it is necessary to step up inspection of the situation of implementing the regulations on appointing cadres , strictly investigate and deal with acts that violate the regulations on appointing cadres , and resolutely check unhealthy trends and corrupt phenomena in the use of personnel .
the practice of supervising and checking the problem of personnel abuse in violation of regulations has been carried out , and the intensity of supervision and investigation has been intensified .
establish and perfect a system for investigating and affixing responsibility for the work of selecting and appointing cadres , and scientifically define the responsibilities of the principal responsible persons in all links of the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres in accordance with the principle of unanimity in power and responsibility , clearly define the methods for holding accountable the work , and intensify the investigation and prosecution .
we should give full play to the role of the masses in supervising the work of setting up and improving a mechanism for providing timely and highly efficient reporting .
give play to the role of public opinion in supervising the selection and appointment of cadres , and provide timely information to the media on the relevant situation in the work of selecting and appointing cadres , and accept supervision by public opinion .
the opinions put forward the need to further improve the coordination and cooperation mechanism for cadre supervision .
organization ( personnel ) departments should strengthen their cooperation with discipline inspection organs , establish a system of working mechanism for the discipline inspection organs to communicate with the relevant cadres in the area of party style and clean government , and strengthen the joint supervision and coordination of the work .
and work with the discipline inspection organs to conscientiously do a good job in inspection work , improve inspection methods , perfect inspection systems , and improve inspection quality .
in coordination with the auditing organs , the system of auditing the economic responsibilities of leading cadres was seriously implemented .
improve the internal supervision mechanism for the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres in organizational departments .
taiwan authorities ' illegal investment in mainland china : official
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the taiwan authorities ' economic affairs department has decided to punish chiu chiu - hsiung [ lu shiu - hsuan ] , one of taiwan 's chiu shiu shih - pao , and its new member , 50 million yuan , for the reason being that they provided illegal assistance to the yijing company in the mainland and the chiu s - yu technology company in violation of regulations .
taiwan 's " chung - kuo shih - pao " reported that chen shui - bian has been active in managing the affairs of cross - strait economic and trade policy , which has been an effective opening up , and the taiwan authorities have imposed the penalty on taiwan businessmen investing in the mainland .
according to reports , the financial group on the taihang economic restructuring will be called " a person who has been involved in the joint power examination " because of the regulations governing relations between the people on both sides of the strait and the practice of engaging in investment or technological cooperation in the mainland .
in the future , the rostrum will take place in the future , and will discuss the matter with former chairman cao xingcheng and others according to the situation .
the hyundai electric case started in february 2005 . at that time , taiwan 's prosecutors and investigation department used more than 100 people to interrupt the residential houses of several high - level officials of the united telecommunications company , claiming that the joint power company was suspected of investing in the mainland and that the ship technology and human resources were illegally provided in the mainland .
cao xingcheng , then chairman of the united power company , openly indicated that the united power company did not violate any regulations of the taiwan authorities , and that the joint telecommunications and ship technology assistance was for the long - term interest of the united power industry . if the united power industry does not enter the mainland as soon as possible , it will lose business opportunities .
after that , the taiwan authorities ' financial supervisory and management committee ran counter to the regulations on commercial information disclosure , and imposed fines on the united nations electricity company for nt $ 3 - million .
on 9 january 2006 , the joint power board accepted the resignation of cao xingcheng and cao xingcheng had been reshuffled for several hours after being suspected of investing in the mainland .
joint telecommunications and taiwan chip circuit company ( called chiao chiu ) , and called chiu chiu chiu - shiu [ shushih - shih ] , a leading enterprise in taiwan .
in the past year , the taiwan authorities have been subjected to a series of investigation and handling actions against the joint power station , and this has attracted a high degree of attention from all circles on the island .
second trip to taiwan
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the second one i have a heart of macao , the second one i have a meeting here today with the world 's chinese , the macao municipal sports organizing committee announced that i will gather the macao group with a high level of knowledge from the chinese worldwide .
the pamphlet was jointly sponsored by the macao foundation and the hundred flowers and literary and artistic publishing house , and was jointly sponsored by chen jianwen , vice chairman of the chinese writers association .
in 2004 , on the occasion of the fifth anniversary of macao 's return to the motherland , the first macao wushu sports meet i had been held in my heart . literary lovers at home and abroad responded positively , and the organizing committee had received more than 8,000 entries . more than 10 meritorious meritorious persons from both china and abroad were invited to the macao special administrative region to receive the award .
wu chih - liang , executive member of the macao foundation , said at a news conference on 17 august that last year , the historical city of macao was included in the world cultural heritage list . this not only means that the long - standing lifestyle and the mode of community management of macao people have been affirmed , but also means that the chinese people , both from different social groups , have been given a multitude of verbal and friendly tradition in the macao sar and have developed , and
wu zhiliang said that it was precisely under such a good cultural atmosphere that the macao foundation and the hundred flowers literary and artistic publishing house decided to cooperate again and hold the second time i am worried about the situation in macao .
according to presentations , the competition , which was concluded on 1 september this year , will open a special column to select the entries .
after the results of the election are revealed , the macao sar will hold a presentation ceremony in early 2007 .
shandong successfully implemented a cardiac transplant operation
jinan , february 17 ( xinhua ) the jinan military region has a heart - to - heart disease research institute recently successfully implemented a new system of transplant for infections of the heart of the child .
on the 17th , the reporter saw in the weighing room that the baby was full of red - faced crystal 51 days after the operation , and all monitoring and inspection indexes were normal . it steadily passed the critical period of operation . it was happily playing with the toys he bought from the medical personnel .
according to the medical doctor who received the treatment on that day , the patient from the rural areas of tai ' an , shandong , was sent to the hospital . he was very warm and purple , and had difficulty in breathing . after the inspection , he had to carry out heart transplant .
the heart transplant operation is the most difficult and most difficult part in the heart surgery .
in particular , the incidence of cardiovascular transplant in children under one year is still blank in china .
the institute of cardiovascular disease of the jinan military region organized experts to repeatedly appraise the situation and carefully designed the operation and post - operation care plan , made independent innovations in the methods of coherence , and conducted experiments on animal tuberculosis .
at 08:00 on 28 december 2005 , the operation officially started .
the body was admitted to the hospital by a woman who died of an unsatisfactory breath caused by her agony .
the operation requires six blood pipes , and it is more than 510 needles . each one needle is less than three millimeters .
after 295 minutes , the operation was completely successful .
the state administration of safety supervision : to curb the frequent occurrence of major coal mine accidents
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) four successive accidents occurred in beijing , one after another , killing more than 100 people and one miner . in the past year , the situation in safe production in the whole country has caused the situation of frequent major accidents such as the " bottleneck " to become the top priority of the work of the national security supervision work this year .
the reporter learned from the state administration of production safety on 17 april that in order to truly curb the frequent occurrence of major coal mine accidents , coal mines are the most important among all .
this year , the state administration of safety and supervision will properly handle the following three matters :
class continues to fight well the battle of valleys .
the gas management will take off and move out of the place before this year .
if the gas wells are not implemented before they are removed , they should order them to stop production immediately according to law .
class continuously fight a hard battle to rectify and close down .
we should put the 5,243 units which have been publicly announced to the public , and the more than 700 coal mine pits recently reported by various localities to close down one dead sign .
we should regard the closure as a regular work , and continue to close down those enterprises that have damaged resources and have no safety conditions .
hua jianmin , deputy director of the general administration of coal mine safety ;
it is necessary to immediately rectify the phenomenon of a small number of small coal mines that are operating landslides and are in charge of disorder in management and management , and establish a standardized safety management system .
in particular , it is necessary to pay attention to key state - owned coal mines , and not allow super - intense production of workers .
this year , the production safety control index requires that the number of deaths of various types of accidents nationwide dropped by 35.5 percent compared with last year .
the exceptionally serious accident , which killed more than 10 people , will fall by 5percent in number , of which coal mines will drop by 7-7 percent .
these control targets have been assigned to the people 's governments at various levels , and various localities are implementing them down to the grassroots level and enterprises .
statistics show that in 2005 , the number of people killed in the coal mine accident dropped by 0.77 percent compared with the same period last year .
however , the number of major accidents involving more than 10 people in one accident has risen , and the number of people killed has increased by 66.6 percent compared with the same period last year .
barroso calls for peace talks in kosovo
belgrade , february 17 ( xinhua ) the president of the plesa news agency said today that the european commission ( eu ) will continue to play a positive role in the process of the kosovo war , and that the european union ( eu ) will play a positive role in the process of negotiations on kosovo 's future status .
barroso met with the president of the cote - general office , serbian serbian serbian serb serbian serbian , who is also the president of the provisional authority of kosovo , and other media . he said that the parties concerned in kosovo should take a tolerant attitude and establish a democratic and multi - ethnic kosovo , where the government 's ruling power is respected and the rights and interests of minority nationalities are protected .
he also stressed that the european commission would do its best to help kosovo 's development .
barroso also expressed his satisfaction with the progress of kosovo 's eight standards set forth by the united nations .
he said that the implementation of these standards is a key factor affecting kosovo 's integration with europe .
he also called on all serbian people in kosovo to join the various organizations in kosovo to make contributions to realizing the integration of democracy and multi - ethnic groups .
barroso arrived in pristina on the same day for a one - day visit .
before this , barroso visited croatia and serbia and montenegro . he will also visit macedonia and bosnia .
( winter olympics , doping ) news analysis : the dispatch of the bana incident may not be concluded .
duilin , february 17 ( xinhua ) the government of the people 's republic of china ( dprk ) is expected to not be able to make any decision on the deployment of a new country
xinhua news agency reporter gao ying
although italy has repeatedly said that the turin winter olympics was discovered to use the stimulant athletes .
the turin winter olympics opened on the 16th . the first stimulant scandal since the opening of the turin winter games was discovered and used in the illegal drug control cards .
the ioc announced the next day that it sent out the olympic games and she was in the winter olympics to receive the winter medals .
the international winter games alliance has made a decision on the same day to send a two - year ban to the match .
the ioc has always stipulated that athletes have been found to be used for stimulation at the olympics , and will be disqualified from the competition , but they will not be punished by law .
however , according to italian law , athletes carrying and using stimulants are criminal acts , and the judiciary has the right to directly arrest , investigate , and investigate and deal with those who use stimulants , and to defy the law by themselves is also faced with a three - month imprisonment period .
in december last year , the ioc and the italian government , after a year of interruptions , finally reached an agreement , and the two sides agreed to set up a " new security council " in accordance with italian law during the winter olympics .
with the unremitting efforts of the ioc , italy has made a concession four days before the opening of the winter olympics , pledging that the police will not enter the olympic village to search the athletes ' place during the winter olympics , but athletes who have been positive in the pharmacies will still be investigated by the italian procuratorial organs .
according to reports , the italian government supervised the turin winter olympics , perceit has sent a group of leaf doping to turkmenistan 's procuratorial organs .
however , the ioc and perceived the matter .
russian team team doctor matviyenko on the winter revealed at noon on the 17th that the team had sent a group of lithuania to return to china .
he has worked for many years in the world anti - doping agency , shi kangcheng , a chinese sports official , believes that once a country is sent back to china , this matter may not be settled by either side .
shi kangcheng said that the ioc and the italian government have made a series of plans on the issue of winter stimulants , and even if the italian procuratorial organ really intervenes in this matter , it is hard to say .
according to the previous practice of the italian government in using stimulant cases , the number of illegal immigrants obtained was also the most severe punishment it had been two years ' imprisonment . it was only a short period of two years ' imprisonment .
therefore , the italian matsa news agency 's senior correspondent pierre said that the possibility of sending a leaf to a prison is quite interesting , and the top is fine .
pele also said that although the italian court could be tried in a absence , it is impossible for the italian police to capture the apprehension of a leaf abroad .
if a country sent a country to refuse to accept the verdict , the italian side could not get her .
the new epidemic situation continues to emerge in the world , with the international community taking strict precautions against the disease
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the bird flu epidemic has spread further in the african continent , according to a local xinhua reporter .
the world health organization confirmed on the 17th that three areas in egypt had been found to have contracted the avian flu virus .
in europe , france also discovered for the first time the five - type bird flu virus , and european countries are highly vigilant and strengthen epidemic prevention measures .
the world health organization 's east mediterranean region advisor hassan bush told the press on the 17th that currently in cairo , central egypt , and the three regions in the south of mubarak have discovered the h5n1 avian flu virus dead in egypt , and relevant departments of the egyptian government have begun slaughtering suspected bird flu virus .
experts point out that egypt is the only country in the middle east and north africa where migratory birds carry the avian flu virus into the country .
egypt has announced the ban on imports of live poultry from abroad and has strengthened quarantine at border ports .
the explosion occurred at a farm in yahoo , capital of cameroon , in the past week .
cameroon has decided to suspend imports from nigeria , where the bird flu epidemic has occurred , and to suspend imports of all poultry and pork in the markets along the border between the two countries .
the cameroon government has also built a comprehensive epidemic monitoring network in a short period of time , and the country 's basque center and national veterinary laboratory have also been in an emergency state of emergency awaiting orders , so as to launch the research on the entire country 's michigan , wuxi , 1 virus , and so on .
in europe , denmark and sweden have preliminarily ruled out the epidemic on the 17th .
the swedish veterinary institute released a report on the results of the tests on the dead geese found on wednesday , indicating that sweden 's swan has no avian flu virus .
the results of the preliminary laboratory by the state veterinary administration of denmark also showed that 30 dead swan were not infected with the avian flu virus recently in denmark .
however , the agriculture department said that denmark still could not take it lightly .
romania has been infected with bird flu this year in eastern europe , and the world health organization experts said in bucharest on the 17th that the danube delta has had avian flu in almost every place , and that it must take a serious view of this situation . romania may have been able to endure the threat of avian influenza in the next three or five years .
the government has taken all necessary measures to prevent avian influenza in bangladesh , the report said .
the government livestock service has provided relevant officials with books on the prevention of avian influenza and has also organized poultry keeping staff to train them .
( newspaper clippings ) china 's first blood information management system completed in zhejiang
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the china association for blood information sharing ( ccpit ) has recently set up a new blood data management and control network in the center , according to the blood center of zhejiang province .
a relevant responsible official of the zhejiang provincial blood center said that this means that in the future , any citizen will be able to take part in non - gratis donations by a blood organ in a county ( bureau ) in zhejiang province , and there will be a single unequal code record . when he again donates blood , he will be able to record the relevant information code , and the personal information type is transmitted by blood translator , and this time of blood transmitted to the
the responsible person further explained that if the relevant code records are entered , the system will show that the insolvency blood donors have not yet reached the interval , and it will be able to remind them that they do not meet the conditions for donating blood .
this will not only protect the health of those who donate blood , but also effectively protect the health and safety of those who use blood .
in addition , when blood supply is tight , the donors and their families have the right to give priority to blood . so long as you input valid documents of the donors , you can immediately show the blood donors ' information and be very convenient .
according to a report in the hangzhou morning post , this information system has been installed in all 36 blood - collecting organizations in the province . the whole province 's blood resources are in use . the blood resources of various blood collection organizations are also displayed in real time , and the data of the whole province can be shared .
to prevent another landslide , 11 villages in the philippines have been evacuated in an emergency manner .
manila , february 18 ( xinhua ) philippine local officials said on the 18 th that in order to prevent similar landslides in 11 villages in the eastern philippines , the government had ordered the government to withdraw from the area .
the official of the province of south leetersis said on the same day that the mountain - skating landslides occurred in the villages on the 17th , and there were similar characteristics .
the residents of 11 villages withdrawn will be resettled in seven evacuation centers .
leyais said that the government yesterday ordered the evacuation of residents and sent people to inspect these villages because some people do not want to leave their homes .
the mountain slide on the 17th occurred in the southern part of the southern province of sao bell town , a village relying on the mountain , and viewed from the television screen , the soil and rock have buried the whole village , and can only see several roofs .
the soil is very thick and humidity , and the people buried in the lower part are fortunate to survive very slim .
at present , 109 people have been killed and 57 others have been rescued .
according to estimates , the death toll of the accident may reach 1800 .
( overseas chinese community in fujian province ) quanzhou , a native of fujian province , exports increased 35.2 percent year on year in the first month of this year
fuzhou , february 19 ( xinhua ) the foreign trade export of quanzhou city in january this year continued to maintain a high growth trend .
according to customs statistics , in january the country realized 330 - million us dollars of exports , creating the best record , up 35.2 percent year on year , higher than the average growth level of the province .
according to the analysis of the quanzhou foreign economic affairs bureau , the main reason for the high growth of quanzhou 's foreign trade in january was the role of several foreign trade support service measures in quanzhou , where the enterprise 's enthusiasm for export was running high , quanzhou 's economic operation was brisk , enterprises ' confidence in operation was strengthened , and the highly efficient and smooth foreign trade development environment .
