the girl was admitted to the hospital for investigation .
london , june 6 ( afp )
the london daily express pointed out that the two diaries , which had recorded princess diana in 1997 , were found to have misused computers to investigate the accident . they were taken by former chief of the city police office .
the report pointed out that the theft has triggered speculation among people , and the computer might have hidden the " black box " of the former cosmopolitan police chief , sir stevens .
however , a superintendent of the metropolitan police said that there was no sensitive information in the computer , or that it was related to the investigation .
steven vincent siew is the first senior member of the british nobel arsenal , and his office is located in the city of nanning .
the report said that the northward police station 's staff had been working in the area for the past 10 days to trace the two theft cases .
a case of a serious explosion in the weekend holiday between 28 and 29 january , including computers and cash , was taken away , and the second case of theft occurred last week , with no losses .
the norwegian police also said there was no evidence to show that the two cases were related to the case and sir thomas wendong 's work .
statistir has been chasing the prince of wales for the cause of death not directly led to the accident .
the royal coroner , mr bragce , ordered a further investigation into the evidence in 2004 .
the princess diana was born in hong kong on august 31 , 1997 when she died in a traffic accident in a paris tunnel .
the french police have arrested a total of 1,650 drivers for drink driving and taking drugs after two years of investigation .
the sri lankan war parties agreed to hold talks in geneva in late february
afp on the 7th , lun po .
the median peace process in norway said that sri lanka 's war group agreed to hold a joint military exercise in geneva , switzerland on the 22 nd of this month to defuse the various parties ' desire to end the decades - long racial bloody conflict .
norwegian special peace envoy somem met with tanelam in london and the tiger liberation organization of tamil eelam ,
the norwegian embassy here said in a statement that the clashes in sri lanka were caused by the government and the government of sri lanka 's liberation tiger group in tamil il eelam , demanding that the norwegian government assist in holding talks on march 22 in geneva , two days after flying on february 22 .
the two - day talks will focus on how to strengthen the negotiations on the " ceasefire agreement " that came into effect on 23 february 2002 , and the agreement has not been fully observed by both sides .
the norwegian embassy pointed out that the two sides will discuss how to improve the implementation of the cease - fire agreement , which is also the first time that the two sides have held face - to - face talks at such a high level in the past three years .
sohem said that he will lead the norwegian team to participate in the negotiations , and the tiger group of tamil eelam liberation will be led by barsinhan , the sri lankan government , and the sri lankan government .
he said : hiking is a road leading to peace .
the key to solving the ethnic conflict in sri lanka was the first round of talks on the " three forces " in japan in march 2003 , but the liberation of tamil eelam liberation tiger organization cancelled the original plan to hold a meeting in thailand in april 2003 .
the dulin winter olympics unveiled the north - south korean team to join hands in the race
afp , italy , limelin , 10 th .
the 20 th winter olympics opened in dulin today .
south korean woman jet skating competitor li baoa and north korean men 's flower skating competitor han zhengren separately served as two - state team players .
this is the first time that the olympic team from south korea and north korea will host the olympic games in the winter olympics .
to reflect the development of the two sides ' reconciliation in recent years , the year 2000 snow in sydney olympics and the 2004 olympic games in athens will be held in the summer of 2004 . the representatives of south korea and north korea both entered together .
north korea did not participate in the " world peace day " in salt lake city , the united states .
the korean peninsula was split into a state of confrontation for the implementation of capitalism and communism in 1948 . the two sides held a summit in the south korean war period from 1950 to 1953 .
nakasone leader died in a peace meeting in 2000 after a peace summit in 2000 .
the greek team is the first to enter the country , and the team will play a very important role in the south african country , the official said
the landlord and the national volunteers team are the last national team that has been admitted . when the volunteers enter the stadium , the sports ground will immediately sounded and warmly shook .
holfman had been indulged in drugs and had been able to wake up to the challenges of the career in performing arts .
new york , april 16 , 2007 ( afp )
the " taiwan independence " forces , which are known as the most promising to win this year 's osaka film emperor , movie tieying : the crawling of white jittery , the male principal player of the white blood , hollywood , revealed that they had been indulging in drugs and wine when they were young . they were unable to extricate themselves from drugs and wine . they were fortunate to succeed later , and they could create a peak
hefman said in an interview with cbs news magazine 60 minutes later that he would visit china .
at that time , he came up 20 times and just started to graduate from the drama department of new york university and entered a society of five bright characteristics . every day , his daily life was rapidly rotating , and finally became a man who had a head , had no control .
he was 22 years old and had a good time to go to the lecturing center .
the " joint statement " to be held next month will be a milestone in the development of the relations between american writers , kopus , and the " international film " of the cold blood .
before this , his superb performance had already been affirmed . he has already won many awards .
the 38 - year - old actor said during the visit that if he had not been well known before his name , he would be determined to change his habit well . he might not have won the nomination of oscar .
he said he admires the people who were 19 years old and suddenly became famous .
four traces of bird flu have been found in the european and central asian public anxieties .
brussels , march 16 , 2007 ( afp )
the virus has been traced continuously in europe , causing anxiety .
the european commission approved the establishment of a new type of control center in the luster district to impose all of the areas where the virus has been discovered in the management and to prohibit all poultry and poultry biological transactions .
the african union has found a fatal trawler of 53rd virus in the country , and the epidemic has been continuously expanded to the chickens farms . signs show that the virus has crossed the northern border to nigeria .
egyptian officials are investigating a dead chicken farm in southern egypt , which suddenly broke out in a group . they are worried that the virus might continue to spread .
the european market for chickens and meat has been affected by the virus , and the decline has been a big margin . the eu executive committee stressed that there is no reason to panic .
the executive committee is responsible for the health and food safety commission , the minister of health and food safety , said that people are concerned about this matter , but it is not necessary to react too much .
following the previous virus discovery point , which was three kilometers away , three kilometers of reserve , and 10 km of warning zone , the european commission again announced a new provision , which included the discovery of the virus all in the eu list as the ritual region .
a us official who declined to be named pointed out that each person was nervous and had a long time to come .
the european region has so far provided austrian getathark to the national elechelon of greece , romanian king juescu , and ukraine and russia in europe .
romania found the 31 st case on the 16 th , and the national elegant of greece and germany 's ruuggish island also found new cases .
the southern part of italy was a scene of the bird flu virus found on two ducks , the first wild bird flu virus in europe , and the number of wild polio infected by the virus 55avitries .
eu officials are most concerned about the imminent return of migratory birds from africa .
the government of nigeria is strengthening its work to prevent the use of viruses in the african continent to humans .
the government of nigeria announced that all poultry in the vicinity of the infected farm will be infected with the disease , and no matter whether there is any virus threat , they will be destroyed .
the government of neighboring countries niger announced that the country had entered a state of alert and allocated 4 million us dollars to monitor and monitor the situation in the border between nigeria and nigeria .
the newly established national emergency committee said that they received notification that the two countries ' security council had not yet reached agreement on the border of the lakes and loosened , and nearly 400 birds died .
the china electronics bank 's new regulation will be implemented on 1 march .
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to provide assistance to the country 's banking sector to help the country 's financial sector improve its financial system , said a senior official with the china banking regulatory commission here today
" the banking regulatory commission ( cbrc ) has decided to adopt a series of measures to regulate the operation of foreign - funded financial institutions , namely , the approval of foreign banks to operate online banking businesses by foreign branches , and the need to increase the number of new online banking business types should be determined by the branch 's principal report in china .
to standardize the operation of commercial banks using the internet to engage in banking business , the people 's bank of china promulgated and promulgated the " provisional procedures for managing internet banking business " in june 2001 .
" the banking regulatory commission ( cbrc ) has been working closely with the development of e - banking business in commercial banks , and the provisional procedures are no longer suited to the requirements of the supervision and management of risks of e - banking , " said a spokesman for the cbrc .
according to a cbrc spokesman , the cbrc has made a decision on the quality of safety evaluation organizations , which are different from those of industries that are permitted or are qualified for access to enterprises , and not the evaluation institution 's conduct of e - banking safety assessment business . it is only a matter of time when a financial institution chooses an evaluation institution .
so long as the safety assessment organization meets the relevant conditions and requirements , even if it does not pass the cbrc 's qualification recognition , the financial institutions may also employ it to conduct an electronic bank security evaluation , but it should manage it in accordance with the relevant regulations .
the " regulations on management of electronic banking business " have nine chapters and 99 articles , which are divided into total applications for management of risks and changes in risk management , exchange data and transfer management management of foreign packs and elephants in cross - border business activities . these include the management of these operations , management , management , and legal liability and additional nine parts .
the " guidelines on the safety of e - bank " includes five chapters and 57 articles , which are divided into three parts : the gelt safety evaluation conducted by national security evaluation agencies , the management and additional parts of safety evaluation .
" the book of mao zedong , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , chen yun , his research on the investigation and study " was published
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the book " mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , deng xiaoping , and chen yun " compiled by the party literature research center of the cpc central committee , was recently published and distributed by the central party literature publishing house .
conduct investigations and studies in depth , and uphold the integration of theory with practice , so that we can formulate and implement the correct line , principles , and policies , which are the achievements of the cpc 's leadership in revolution construction and reform .
mao zedong 's works , including liu shaoqi , zhu de , tang fei , chen yun , and other revolutionaries of the older generation , had made important remarks on the investigation and study issues and made many brilliant expositions on them . they also frequently went to the grass - roots units to conduct social surveys and wrote many investigation reports .
the practice and results of their investigation and study are of great significance to guiding the cause of the party and the people to advance along the correct road .
" the book of mao zedong , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , chen yun , on investigation and study " was divided into three parts : the first part was the book of the older generation of revolutionaries such as mao zedong and others on investigation and study , and the second part was written by mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation on investigation and study , and the third part was the " report on the three major issues " written by the late generation of mao zedong
most of the survey reports are published for the first time .
in addition , it also carries two articles on the " china threat theory " in the 1950 s and 1960 s .
russia reiterates adherence to the one - china stance
moscow , february 6 ( xinhua ) russian deputy foreign minister alexeyev said here today that russia is willing to further its cooperation with china in the fields of economy , trade , culture and education .
alexeyev said that russia has noted that chen shui - bian 's recent remarks about taiwan independence movement .
the russian government has consistently upheld the one - china principle and firmly supported china 's efforts to realize the great cause of national reunification .
last year , the chinese npc adopted the " anti - secession law , " which was the first to openly express its support .
alexeyev said that the russian foreign ministry will issue a statement as soon as possible , reiterating the one - china stand , and opposing taiwan independence .
china , japan hold talks on nuclear issue
xinhua news agency , johannesburg , february 6 ( reporter chen ming ) - the fuqing chinese compatriots in fujian province , lin yixing , arrived in the southern african port city of bar on the early morning of the 5 th , local time , and was robbed and injured by local armed elements . on the early morning of the 6th , the local armed forces were killed in a hospital in the south african capital of bhuandan .
according to a briefing by feng yang , president of the federation of chinese origin in liberian provinces , the incident occurred in the huerkimov city , more than 130 kilometers northwest of burundi .
at that time , the owner of the shop , lin yixing , was ready to put an end to his business .
at that time , three customers in the store , one of them , was a customers who threw their arms into the bar and robbed them .
the 40 - year - old lin yixing struggled with the scoundrels , and the scoundrels fired a gun to lin yixing , and later fled .
the person who was heard of the incident sent lin yixing to the hospital to receive treatment . because lin yixing 's body was discovered and spread all over the body , he was filled with blood transplant . he died of blood transplant . he died on 6 february at 3 : 30 a. m . on 6 february .
on 6 february , chinese consulate general in york xu defu and wu ruogang , as well as officials of the chinese fujian fellow association in south africa , including lin changming , vice chairman of the chinese association of fellow villagers , arrived in burundi to help the family members of the deceased handle the aftermath of the incident .
lin yixing became the deputy chief of the general staff of the chinese people 's liberation army [ pla ] who was shot dead by the kidnappers within 36 hours . he was also the fourth chinese killed in south africa since the beginning of this year .
( newspaper clippings ) shanghai : part - time personnel and graduates of higher educational institutions become the main force in hours work
beijing , february 7 ( xinhua ) the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau released the latest statistics for 2006
according to the statistics of the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau , the number of hours of workers in shanghai has exceeded 1 million .
according to a report in china 's youth daily , the number of graduates and part - time staff members of colleges and universities is the main component part of the ranks of hours workers .
through the investigation of nearly 8,000 hours of work , the number of people overcame is more than half of those who have a part - time job , and the percentage is 51.1 percent .
the culture level of part - time workers is generally higher , and the main job is to engage in relatively strong technical work , such as translation and part - time personnel ratio is 81.79 percent , and the physical health quality is 61.665 percent .
high income is the result of many people engaged in work and part - time jobs .
it is understood that the monthly income of individual posts can reach tens of thousands of yuan , and it will be difficult to get the information transmitted by the sound , and the monthly income of an hour job can exceed 2,000 yuan or more , such as part - time financial elite finance elite siemy .
to satisfy the needs of individuals to expand their knowledge is also part - time job - friendly .
for example , the government has to provide a general support to mr. gu , manager of the human resources department of a certain enterprise , for several hours a week .
mr gu believes that the maximum benefit for part - time jobs is to keep their knowledge updated and to be able to involve other areas .
as some hours of job vacancies are low , the job format is flexible and free , and many of them are gradually being affected by the fact that they are still looking for jobs .
i started to do n't want to do an hour work , but i did several months later .
university student huang graduated , he did not fully understand the job he had been looking for . he finally put up a famous guest at a hotel and used a piano to play the background music .
what do i 'm quite satisfied with the current work ? 100 yuan .
it is understood that the hours of work has become a number of graduates who are seeking jobs , and experience in work elsewhere will be enhanced in skills for communication and stimulating social experience .
the graduates work hours , working in a job , mainly in knowledge and skills , and in the fields of specialization , professional knowledge , and professional skills .
the number of hours of work is not high , such as the number of food promoters and freshmen , and the unemployed people have gone through simple training , and they can be employed immediately .
the data show that the number of hours of work personnel was originally an unemployed person of 39.9 percent , of which the number of retail unemployed was as high as 68.44 percent , the proportion of catering and drinking was 58.7 percent , and the proportion of hours was 58.7 percent .
wu bangguo inspects anhui ,
beijing , february 8 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a special group of national people 's congress ( npc ) standing committee , said wu bangguo , member of the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc )
from 6 to 8 february , wu bangguo visited the maanshan wuhu lake in wuhu , and other places , where he went deep into enterprises ' rural peking scientific research institutes and institutes of higher learning to inspect .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui has the advantage of linking eastern and western regions to northern areas .
anhui should firmly grasp the two historical tasks of promoting the rise of central china , always adhere to the central task of economic construction , and earnestly implement the central authorities ' principles and policies in close connection with the actual conditions of anhui , carry out work in a creative manner , implement the scientific development concept in specific measures , and carry it out in practical work .
we should sum up practical experience in a timely manner , fully rely on the masses of the people , vigorously support reform and innovation , and continuously create a new situation in the work of anhui .
we should actively promote the building of a harmonious society , persistently take the realization of good results in safeguarding the fundamental interests of the broadest masses of people as the starting point and the end - result of all our work , actively create conditions , and gradually solve problems of the masses in difficulties in their practical work , and gradually adjust the distribution relations between urban and rural areas , gradually change the dual structure of cities and towns , gradually narrow the gap between urban and rural areas , and safeguard social justice , and
wu bangguo stressed : china has reached the stage where it is necessary to rely more on the enhancement of its independent innovation capability and the improvement of the quality of laborers to promote economic and social development . only by vigorously promoting scientific and technological progress and innovations can we realize a leap in the quality of productive forces , and truly turn economic and social development into the track of scientific development .
we should establish and improve as soon as possible a system and mechanism that is conducive to innovation , increase scientific and technological input , encourage patent inventions , develop famous brands , speed up the transformation of scientific and technological achievements into practical productive forces , strengthen the status of enterprises as the main body in independent innovation , and continuously enhance the contribution rate of scientific and technological progress to economic growth .
we should support and encourage technological elements to participate in the distribution of income , establish and improve statistical indicators system that reflect the ability to innovate on their own , study and formulate financial and tax collection systems and government procurement policies that support independent innovation , and form a policy system that encourages independent innovation .
we should foster a sense of innovation in the entire society , vigorously advocate the spirit of being brave in competition , and strive to create a good atmosphere of talent coming forth in large numbers .
wu bangguo pointed out : the npc has played an important role in the process of ruling the country according to law and building a socialist country ruled by law .
to do a good job in the work of the people 's congresses in the new situation , first , we must uphold the correct political orientation , unswervingly follow the road of socialist political development with chinese characteristics , and regard upholding the party 's leadership and governing the country by law as the principal task of the people .
second , we should closely focus on the overall situation of the work of the party and the state , focus closely on major issues in reform , development , and stability , and conduct work closely around the hot and difficult issues of common concern to the people and the masses , and continuously enhance the actual results of the work of the people 's congress .
third , we should give play to the characteristics and advantages of the work of the people 's congress , uphold democratic centralism , and handle affairs according to the procedures and collective decisions .
we should adhere to the mass line , be people - centered , and exercise power for the people , be concerned for the people , and work for the people .
china proposes to reduce the number of major scientific research projects in the future 15 years
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a special fund to promote the sustainable development of china 's economy , to enhance china 's international competitiveness , and to achieve a leap forward in key areas
these four major scientific plans are the first of its kind to study protein protein regulation and control , the study of innumerable rice research and development and reproductive research .
the report pointed out that protein - protein science is the life of life science that developed countries are fighting fiercely .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on studying the transformation of the leading biological system , the study of the elegant citrus of the national team of xie xurong , the birth structure of the alth elegant and the interesting function of the peach - related calculation of biological and systemic biological studies , protein which the protein - c function is used , and other applied research .
the outline also holds that the study of quantitative regulation and control has a clear - cut forward - looking nature and is likely to have a profound impact on the social and economic development of mankind in 2020 - 30 years .
china should focus on researching the carrier and the regulator principles and methods of quantitative communications , calculating quantitative calculations , and winning the new quantitative effect of the small quantitative system , the new principles and methods of quantitative regulation and control , and the new technological foundation .
in addition , the program pointed out that nanometer technology has become a major strategic choice for many countries to enhance their core competitiveness , and is also a field for china to achieve development by leaps and bounds .
in the next 15 years , china 's key areas of research in this field will include the sustainable development of nanotechnology , the modern equipment , and the modern equipment .
china 's population growth is large , its birth defects are many , and the country 's transplant organs are seriously short , and the aging peak is just around the corner . therefore , it is urgently necessary to make breakthroughs in the theory of reproductive and development and to make technological innovations .
according to the outline , the main tasks of china 's research on stem cells will be further reformed and controlled , and the emergence of epitome and elephant cells will be matured and reproductive .
shanghai 's real estate price index fell by nearly 7 percent last year
shanghai , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will continue to implement the policy of increasing the proportion of the country 's land - based industry in 2005 , according to the official
according to the latest data released , the total investment in real estate industry in shanghai last year was quite noticeably declining or slowing down .
of this total , the price of residential housing dropped 6.6 percentage points from the previous year , while the value of real estate industry dropped by 4.1 percent over the previous year .
pan jianxin , director of the shanghai municipal bureau of statistics , said at a news conference a few days ago that in 2005 , the average sales price of residential housing in shanghai was 6698 yuan / square meters , up 313 yuan over 2004 .
the annual sales price of residential housing was 9.22 percent higher than that of the previous year , and the increase rate was 6.6 percentage points lower than the corresponding period of last year .
the annual real estate industry added value was 670.23 - billion yuan , down by 4.1 percent from the previous year .
in the balance of loans by financial institutions , the balance of personal housing mortgage loans was 264.44 - billion yuan , and the total amount of new loans was only 9.44 - billion yuan , and in 2004 , the new loan increase was 72.09 - billion yuan .
pan jianxin said : from the year - on - year sales price of shanghai real estate , the prices of commercial housing have been stable and moderate .
the statistics also show that according to the latest data , the number of industrial enterprises whose real estate prices have declined somewhat in 2005 , with the average sales price of residential housing being 6698 yuan / square meters , increasing by 26.5 % over 2004 .
in 2005 , the housing sales price was up by 9.79 percent over the previous year , and the increase rate was 6.2 percentage points lower than that of the previous year .
according to him , shanghai 's total real estate development investment last year was 124.686 - billion yuan , up 6.6 percent from the previous year .
the sales area was 315.87,000 square meters , down by 9.5percent .
the total sales volume of commercial housing was 21.63 - billion yuan , a drop of 4.5 percent over the previous year .
two light planes collided in new zealand
xinhua news agency , wellington , february 9 , two new zealand light aircraft crashed into the sea off the coast of wellington , about 100 kilometers north of wellington , capital of the capital , on the 9th , killing two flight academy students on board .
according to relevant officials of the local civil aviation department , the flight of the two planes is all from the marxi university flight academy .
at the time of the incident , the two planes were in the non - air control area . according to regulations , the pilots were flying in such a region to cope with the navigation and security conditions of the aircraft .
a man who was seen at the scene of the incident told the new zealand media that when the plane collided , he heard the sound of a huge explosion and saw the rapid crash of the plane .
another eyewitness confirmed that the plane crashed before the crash .
the cause of the collision is not yet clear , and the local civil aviation authorities will conduct an investigation on this .
china , argentina vow to strengthen cooperation
xinhua news agency , buenos aires , february 8 ( reporter cao yu ) - a delegation of chinese nationals and ethnic chinese residing in argentina , founded by the argentine council for promoting china 's peaceful reunification , issued a solemn statement on the 8th , strongly condemning chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence , and opposing any plot to attempt to separate taiwan from china .
the statement said : chen shui - bian issued on 29 january a statement proclaiming that he would abrogate the national unification council and the national unification program as the national unification program . he made a big step forward to taiwan independence .
compatriots on both sides of the strait have a high expectation for peace , and taiwan compatriots demand peace and stability and development .
the statement pointed out that resolutely opposing and containing taiwan independence separatist activities and safeguarding the peace and stability in the taiwan strait region remains the common desire of compatriots on both sides of the strait and the chinese people throughout the world .
the statement stressed : the argentine china council for promoting peaceful reunification is willing to hold dialogue with all political parties and organizations of overseas chinese and ethnic chinese in argentina who uphold the one - china principle , and resolutely oppose any form of taiwan independence emigration and actively promote china 's peaceful reunification .
prc expert says us ' spawning ' military threat ' to china the united states has made no justification to criticize
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a special committee to conduct a comprehensive review of the military expenditure of the four - year defense review report to the congress recently , said xiong xuanliang , the first time in the u s congress
experts believe that this is a test of china 's normal national defense construction , and it is not easy to exaggerate the military threat from china .
the " report on defense review for four years " is a new guiding document for national defense in the pentagon .
the 92 - page report , which is in the form of three sections , expounds on china 's military strength and the us approach to deal with it , has been directly mentioned in 15 times by china 's national emitary or china 's imitary rituals . it says that china is a major and emerging big country , and china 's most powerful country with military competition with the united states . if the united states does not have anti - measures , china will probably develop into a very
the chinese academy of military sciences [ cass ] institute of world military studies , yao yunzhu , said that although senior us officials have expressed similar views on many occasions before , this is the first time that the united states has proposed in the national defense strategy report that china may pose the most possible new big power in the united states ' military challenge .
the report clearly pointed out for the first time that russia 's ancient china is a strategic opponent , and in particular , it has made some adjustments to the so - called military threat in china .
wang ke , a researcher at the chinese academy of military sciences , said :
it is noteworthy that in the " four - year defense evaluation report , " the " four - year defense review report " was officially submitted to congress , and president bush also submitted the government budget for the fiscal year 2007 , including the defense budget of $ 439.3 - billion .
if the same is added to the iraq war , the united states will have to pay a $ 1 billion budget for the fiscal year 2007 .
peng guangqian maintained that the us speculation of other countries ' threat reflects the fact that the pentagon is making enemies .
experts say that compared with the huge military spending of the united states , china 's national defense spending is quite limited .
he has participated in several times the drafting of the chinese national defense white paper , said deng hongzhou , a military expert , that since the 1990 s , with economic development , china 's national defense spending has increased , but this proportion has been declining in overall terms of the national financial expenditure for the same period .
official statistics show that in 2004 , the total volume of china 's national defense spending for the same period was about one - third lower than in 1979 .
china 's defense spending in 2005 was 24.656 - billion yuan , only a considerable amount of us $ 1 - 14 , and its per capita military spending was only about $ 28.6 - billion .
the land area of the united states and china 's territory are roughly equal , and the gap in military spending is such a huge gap , and who is the military force in that country going beyond the legitimate defense needs .
" the two sides have conducted fruitful cooperation in the fields of economy , trade , science and technology , culture , education , culture , education , culture , education , culture and education , " he said .
china 's arms control and disarmament association director teng jianqun said that the united states should objectively assess china 's military construction , and that china 's peaceful development does not imply that china and the united states will be militarily the opponent .
the 2004 edition of china 's national defense white paper says that china firmly follows the path of peaceful development and practices defensive national defense policy .
china has not done anything to do with the present situation , nor will it pose a threat to any country .
so far , china has not established any military bases in any other country , nor has it sent military bases to other countries .
professor of the international relations college of beijing university zhu feng said : china and the united states should , through the established channels , increase communication and exchanges , enhance understanding and mutual trust , comprehensively promote the healthy and stable development of the sino - us constructive and cooperative relations in the new century , and jointly promote world peace and development .
( winter olympics ) the winter olympic games opening ceremony in dublin will be enthusiastically staged
dublin , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a new international olympic committee ( ioc ) here on friday to hold the 20 th winter olympics
on 9 august , the assembly organizing committee of the winter olympics in dublin disclosed to reporters the exciting arrangements for the opening ceremony .
regarding the opening ceremony and the organizing committee chairman carstini , he said he was confident that the meeting would be a complete success .
he said : on the evening of 10 july , people will be unforgettable . at that time , 350,000 viewers and about 2 billion tv viewers around the world will notice the spectacle full of dragons .
the flames of flames were fluttering in the heart of the five rings of peace rings and the whale of the alps mountains were blown in the flames .
the famous italian designer alamani specially hosted the opening ceremony and designed clothes , famous italian fashion brand name , mogino , and the athletes ' attendance ceremony .
however , the famous italian boonsong pavarotti will be at the opening ceremony .
eight people who could flame flames and ice - like athletes will be hiking in three meters long flame flames , indicating that the burning passion will be used to burn the flames at a speed of 70 km .
officials of the organizing committee held that this was the most appropriate time for their creative work in the current opening ceremony .
as for how to lit the main torch , the organizing committee did not reveal it ahead of schedule , but the main torch bearer , 57 meters , will light the souls of the capital and the residents on the alps mountain near alps .
white house announces bush 's planned march visit washington , nov. 20
washington , february 9 ( xinhua ) the united states has decided to cut its military spending by a big margin in the next five years , white house spokesman mcclellan said here today
mcclellan said that bush is looking forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he also said that the united states is now making arrangements for this visit .
mcclellan made the above remarks when he held various demonstrations in some areas of pakistan to protest the blasphemy of islam prejudice against the prejudice of islam .
in january this year , bush met with pakistani prime minister aziz at the white house , and both sides expressed the wish to strengthen friendly cooperation to jointly crack down on terrorism that will endanger the security of the two countries .
bush also said that at the invitation of the pakistani and indian governments , he will pay a visit to pakistan and india in march .
china : hamas ' cabinet seeking to break through
xinhua news agency , ramallah , february 9 ( by staff reporter : after hamas formed a cabinet to seek a breakthrough
xinhua news agency reporter wang hao and huang min
the palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) won the election of the legislative yuan , how to draw a new government blueprint into a new international political focus at present .
what kind of new policy will hamas pursue directly affect the peace process 's next step in the relevant policies ,
at the same time , the united states and israel have even more indifferent attitudes toward the prospects of the hamas government .
at present , all the palestinian parties are stepping up consultations to reach a consensus on the formation of a cabinet concerning the difficulties and sensitive points of future development of the situation .
the chinese government has taken a series of measures to prevent the recurrence of the crisis .
hamas won the right to form a cabinet , and people were worried that hamas 's prime minister might meet with the current supreme leader abbas .
moreover , the visiting chinese president , mahmoud mahmoud , who is currently visiting egypt , stressed that the new palestinian government , which was set up under the leadership of hamas , will not recognize israel , and this tough signal has also intensified international anxieties .
the united states and israel clearly indicated that they would not accept a hamas government that has the power to hold power , and threatened to halt economic aid to palestine and transfer taxes to palestine .
however , this does not prevent hamas from making flexible tactics adjustments , and it will elect independent candidates to be the best way to achieve a compromise .
it is reported that in order to maximize international recognition , a few days ago , hamas leaders at home and abroad , who have gathered in egypt , decided to elect independent candidates to be elected president of the chathalabi islamic university , ja'alemi , to become new prime minister .
this move has not yet been responded by the parties concerned .
palestinian analysts said that the united states will not change its policy of " no matter who will take the prime minister 's office . "
the power is distributed through the internet .
in the internal context , the problem of the biggest challenge facing hamas in forming a cabinet is that it lacks sufficient ruling experience .
the palestinian daily newspaper carried an analysis saying that hamas has been using the social welfare program to gather people to gather in favor , but in the aspect of governance , it lacks experience and is closely related to the palestinian national liberation movement , which has its governing experience .
hamas has proposed a similar proposal after the election to establish political partner with fatah , and to jointly establish a national coalition government , but fatah has not given any positive response to it .
the situation in fatah is now in a disposition to see whether or not to join the cabinet , and one faction has proposed to participate in the new government , while the other faction refuses to accept hamas 's invitation , and is willing to actively engage in opposition in the legislative yuan legislative yuan 's work .
the informed source pointed out that the abbas ' advice was that fatah gradually tends to join the new government .
even so , hamas and fatah have also been holding consultations on the cabinet 's distribution .
another approach is to establish a legislative committee framework to manage things beyond the framework of the legislature .
it was reported that hamas also designed a clear - cut expert - type government , but the specific name list was unclear .
in view of the attitude of the united states and israel , the technical expert - type government is not losing the ability to form a cabinet to alleviate external pressure .
according to the provisions of the palestinian " basic law , " the new legislative yuan will hold a meeting to nominate the prime minister and form a cabinet within three weeks and five weeks after the new legislative yuan takes office on 16 february .
the armed forces should be determined by the direction of what they should follow .
the weapons in hamas 's hands are the other problems facing the new government .
the attitude of the united states and israel is very tough , and they resolutely demand that hamas give up violence and reject its armed participation in politics .
hamas leader mahmoud al-masad stressed on 9 november that armed resistance is the choice of the organization .
the armed issue actually includes the legality of weapons and the ownership of armed forces .
hamas has won the right to vote in the legislature , the first largest party in the legislature , through democracy and freedom , and has sent armed factions to qasser brigade .
hamas once proposed that all armed forces be unified as the palestinian national authority , the people 's army , but it did not receive extensive response , and it was also condemned by the palestinian islamic jihad .
palestine now has more than 60,000 security personnel , and most of them are from the fatah camp .
moreover , fatah has some organization relations that are slack and loose , and for example , + amak martyrs brigade has been listed as a ' trawler ' of taher .
the hamas , which is responsible for forming the cabinet , must have a thorough exchange of views with abbas on how to manage the armed forces that are running their own affairs and rationally distribute the security management power .
according to local media reports , abbas is deliberately in charge of security and intelligence units , police , civil defense organs , and other organizations , and is under the management of the new government 's ministry of interior .
however , all parties are still discussing this sensitive issue , and so far no progress has been made .
china issues first report on extreme weather observation
beijing , february 10 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a new maritime administration ( sic ) here today to promote the country 's maritime industry , said a report released by the national oceanic administration
the " report " comprehensively reflects the chinese extreme - polar scientific research activity in 2005 , and expects to see the extreme phenomena of logistics support scientific research and the results of the research .
according to the " report , " on 9 january 2005 , at 22:15 ( beijing time ) , the chinese antarctic expedition to the interior of the country 's iceberg was successfully completed and landed on the southern pole 's ice - covered mountainous area , and the southern guangdong province of zhigong was established at 3:15 on 18 january ( beijing time ) . the epitomized sea markup to 4093 meters in the highest elev@@
competition is becoming increasingly fierce in the international ultra - polar field . the chinese people are strong in will and dauntless spirit . they are brave in opening up new fields . they are the first to conduct a series of scientific research on the arctic ice - covered gateway in southern china and to successfully accomplish the great leap - forward development of mankind in the south .
director of the state oceanic administration sun zhihui said :
the " report " shows that on 24 march 2005 , the 21st south china pole inspection team will successfully complete its mission and return to shanghai . the current inspection lasted 151 days , and the flight route of the 26,500 nautical miles .
on 18 november of the same year , china 's 22 nd antarctic expedition team left shanghai and went to the antarctic zhongshan station to conduct scientific examinations and will hold a science examination before the end of february 2006 .
since it was the first time china issued a report on extreme ground observation , the " 2005 china polar study report " also made some specific demands on the " three major studies " that started in the early 1980 s .
according to the " report , " china officially joined the " antarctic treaty " in 1983 , becoming a member of the antarctic treaty organization , and becoming one of the three countries in the south pole scientific research committee under the antarctic treaty consultation , the gatechelon science research council , and other influential international organizations .
in 1997 , china became the member of the beijing polytechnic committee and won the right to speak in international extreme affairs and to make decisions .
the " report " points out that over the past 20 years , china 's polar geography has not been discovered and has been developing continuously . it has been riddled with scale . it has formed three stations of one trawling southern gelesis . it is said that in february 1985 , the antarctic changcheng station established in the antarctic city , the southern pole station established in february 1989 , and the " north pole station " established in july 1994 ,
the statistics of the " report " show that by the end of 2005 , china had organized 22 scientific research projects involving the eastern pole , such as dragons and ritings , as well as the northern pole scientific research project that was carried on by the beidaihe station . so far , more than 3,000 people have visited the huang he area and visited the north - east hijele elephants at the 3000 - plus personnel on the national tour .
at present , we are working hard to establish the third antarctic expedition station , and also the first southern pole observation station in china .
" we are confident that the government will be able to achieve the goal of building a well - off society in an all - round way , " sun zhihui said .
after more than 20 years of efforts , china 's ultra - earth observation has played a major role in the world 's polar exploration . however , it is not as important as other extreme - level inspection countries .
he said .
sun zhihui disclosed that china will publish a book on polar land survey every year .
china , castro meet chinese vice - president
xinhua news agency , havana , february 10 ( reporter zhou zhengyi ) - cuban president castro met with visiting chinese president jiang zemin , who is on a visit to cuba , on the 10th . both sides expressed the desire to continuously strengthen cooperation in education , science , and technology , and other fields .
president castro warmly welcomed state councilor chen zhili on his visit to cuba .
he said : cuba - china relations are very friendly , and high - level visits have been frequent , and this has effectively promoted and strengthened the friendship and mutual understanding between the two countries . he hoped that the two countries will continually deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in all fields , including education and science and technology .
chen zhili said : cuba is the first country in latin america and the caribbean region .
china and cuba have a long history of friendly exchanges .
cuba is the first country to establish diplomatic relations with new china .
in the new century , with the concern and care of the leaders of the two countries , the political mutual trust between the two countries has been deepening day by day , the scope of cooperation has been expanded continuously , mutual support and cooperation in international affairs have been expanded , and the friendly relations between china and cuba have entered a new period of comprehensive development .
she believed that with the joint efforts of both sides , the friendly cooperation between china and cuba will surely be more fruitful .
chen zhili also pointed out that the chinese government has always attached importance to its exchanges and cooperation with cuba in the field of education .
in recent years , the two countries have witnessed closer and closer educational exchanges and frequent personnel contacts .
china actively supports the " international conference of cuba " and has sent a delegation to attend the world higher education conference and the 2005 anti - illiteracy conference .
cuba 's basic education level is very high , and it is hoped that in the future , it will further strengthen relevant experience exchanges .
chen zhili said : china and cuba have made great progress in scientific and technological research and development , and they can make use of cooperation in various fields to achieve a win - win situation .
the chinese side has provided aid to some cuban scientific research equipment and hopes to carry out positive role in cuba 's scientific research and production .
she also briefed castro on china 's strategy of rejuvenating the country through science and technology and the national science and technology conference .
chen zhili arrived in cuba on the invitation of the cuban government on 9 february local time to begin his official visit to cuba .
during this period , chen zhili met with senior cuban officials , including vilnionin , minister of the cuban higher education , and inspected the study of the caitdrine of the university of information science at havana , and the san maria primary school .
the accident occurred in the coal mine in the beijing - kazakhstan highway , where oil was disused .
harbin , february 11 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to provide a special medical aid to the 58 - kilometer - long highway , which is located at about 2:00 a. m . on february 10 , causing the closure of some sections of the road .
according to the traffic police force of the shuangcheng city public security bureau , at about 23:00 on 10 july , three vehicles collided in the vicinity of the zhangjiao highway . a car and a truck collided with a tanker . the tanker was crashed and the oil tanker body was leaking , and the waste oil was loaded onto the road .
it is understood that the tanker is equipped with a tar - taskforce oil after it produces coke .
the dense smoke of waste oil is very high , and at the same time it is afraid that flames may occur in vehicles in the past , and relevant departments have closed the roads at the scene of the accident .
harbin 's highway to shuangcheng is closed , many vehicles are bypassing .
at present , relevant departments are screening the scene , and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
hk , taiwan to hold talks on taiwan 's regional flag
hong kong , february 11 ( xinhua ) the hong kong hutchison whampoa company announced on the 11th that the company of 3rd telecom business under the flag - raising company will be listed in italy .
and mr. huo kin - ning , general manager of the huanggroup , said that although the 3 rd italian elephant has been approved by all relevant regulatory agencies , it is necessary to make a final decision in the coming weeks because of the procedures for listing .
at the same time , the current downturn in the european telecommunications market is not necessarily possible at this moment .
in view of the fact that shareholders have the greatest interest to be given consideration , the decision to postpone the listing of the stock market has been made .
as for when to raise the shares to be listed , mr fok said that the future development of the european telecommunications market would depend on the situation in the future .
he held that from now to separately recruiting shares , the number of italian elites is required to conduct extensive investor education activities , so that global telecommunications investment markets will be more clearly understood .
according to another report , the three northeastern poles of italy 's global coordinator , goldman sachs , agreed to use 420 - million euros to sell their shares in private markets , with 103 percent of them holding one of the stones of italian stakes , and is expected to be completed by the end of march this year .
china , japan sign cooperation agreement
yangon , february 12 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to provide assistance to myanmar 's economic and trade partners , said chinese ambassador to myanmar guan yunfei here today
ambassador guan said : in recent years , the friendly cooperative relations between china and the united states , established on the basis of the five principles of peaceful coexistence , have been consolidated and developed , and exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been expanding and deepening , and the economic and trade relations between the two countries have been constantly expanded and strengthened .
tang haoji , who is also vice - chairman of the central military commission , said that the exchange of visits between the top leaders of the two countries has effectively promoted the development of bilateral economic and trade cooperation .
in 2004 , the two countries ' high - level visits have been conducted , and the two sides have signed 33 agreements on economic and trade cooperation , most of which are being carried out and implemented .
he said : in 2004 , the amount was $ 1.14 - billion , and in 2005 , it reached $ 1.09 - billion , of which china 's exports were $ 9.35 - billion , and import was $ 274.4 - billion .
last year , china 's yunnan province and myanmar 's trade ( including border trade ) reached $ 26.6 billion , up 26.7 percent over the previous year .
tang said that myanmar has become the first country to undertake contracted projects .
chinese enterprises to invest in myanmar
according to statistics from the chinese customs , in the past five years , the export of mechanical and electrical products has accounted for 45.5 percent of china 's total exports to burma .
tang jiaxuan also said : burma is rich in resources and chinese companies have started investing in burma 's oil and natural gas erosion mines and other resource development projects . the sino - burmese economic and trade cooperation has great potential .
he hoped that chinese enterprises will have a long - term view , learn to avoid risks , and make prudent decisions , and establish a good enterprise image and gain the benefits of the projects .
ambassador guan and director tang haizan both held that the visit of the chinese premier soe win will be an official visit to china , and this is an important event in bilateral relations this year . it will play a positive role in promoting political mutual trust , promoting bilateral cooperation , and promoting the further development of sino - burmese good - neighborly and friendly relations .
it is expected that the two sides will sign several agreements on economic and trade cooperation during the visit .
world bank to reduce poorest debt
moscow , february 11 ( xinhua ) world bank president wolfowitz said in moscow on the 11th that the world bank will completely relieve the poor world bank from its debt by the middle of this year .
wolfowitz met with chinese foreign minister tang jiaxuan , who came to attend the g - 8 finance ministers ' meeting in moscow on the same day .
he said in a statement issued after the meeting that the world bank will hold a meeting of debt relief schemes before july 1 , and the world bank is now finalizing all technical work .
last year , the world bank donor countries completely removed the financial burden of 28 countries , and also indicated that they would provide financial assistance to the trust funds concerned .
the imf 's creditor 's rights are relatively small , and the imf has been in a period of five years from the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz 's immunity to russia is removed from 16 african countries ' debts .
the high - qing digital television has gradually become the mainstream in the united states
new york , february 12 ( xinhua ) the united states has decided to cut its troops in the next four years , following the high differing digital machines ( ritc ) and the constant expansion of the market
the recently declining us super rowling rats rituals have become the most popular among the american broadcasting industry to welcome the television era .
according to a recent report by the financial times , the us congress recently passed a bill , stipulating that the broadcasting industry in the united states must submit a full - scale suspension of broadcasting the current simulated television signals on 17 february , 2009 , and only the digital signals can be broadcast .
this implies that the overall digitization of the broadcast of us tv programs has already reached a clear timetable .
high resolution digital television is widely used on the one hand , on the other hand , to purchase television sets by consumers , while on the other hand , it depends on the production agencies to provide high - resolution digital programs .
although the number of digital television programs mentioned in the past few years has not become a reality .
this problem has taken a turn for the better this year .
according to the forecast of the american consumer electronics association , the number of digital television sets will be the first time in the united states to sell in the united states this year , and 85.5 percent of the digital television sets are high - resolution products .
the japanese researchers developed a new highly efficient and highly - effective human - built kidney
tokyo , february 13 ( xinhua ) the japanese government 's east china sea university ( east china sea ) researchers have developed a new type of biological kidney - built kidney , which is not only similar to the human kidney 's function , but also has the capacity to retain the function of material elements , and is small in size and easy to transplant , and as the study deepens , it is expected to bring welfare to kidney patients .
according to a report by the nihon shimbun , the newly developed biological crewmen and kidney are mainly composed of two parts , and part is filtered from blood , and the dosage of the skeldine and the kidney made by the man of the separation of the water is also derived from the original urine and the other components of the blood re - entry .
the crewman was killed by a strawesome mud and a thick throat of the thick thin wire of the central air .
this type of skins can make multiple blood transfusion diseases caused by multiple blood transfusion .
the past human kidney - built nets rely on penetrating pressure to filter waste , and cannot transmit their entire kidney to the united states , nor can they have the capability to make it reenter the blood .
researchers use mountain and goats to carry out a biomedical transplant experiments , and the manmade white - willed silk line uses pig - cell cells .
two weeks later , researchers confirmed that the cream was capable of giving full play to its function .
they are now developing and using kidney - eid cells , and are moving to the testing stage to verify their safety .
china 's power industry is still facing severe challenges
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the national anti - corruption committee ( nwc ) said on the 13 th that although the power safety production in 2005 remained stable on the whole , the production safety of electricity still faces severe challenges .
the state administration of radio , film , and television commission vice chairman shi yubo said at the fifth national meeting of the power safety production committee here that the total output value of china 's electricity production in 2005 will be stable and complete by 2005 , and the task of meeting the challenges of the summer peak will be fulfilled , thus achieving the goal of safe supply , actively responding to the intrusion of natural disasters , and basically ensuring the safe operation of the power system , production equipment , and accident in
however , he pointed out that with the changes in the supply and demand situation in power and the successive inputs of new power generating units , electricity safety production will face new challenges .
these challenges include : regional migration time scarcity , lack of electricity , and some areas ' power supply and demand situation remain on the low side , and the problem of a sound power supply mechanism has not yet been formed , resulting in the problem of a large number of coal supply . at the same time , the problem of the decline in electricity quality has not been effectively controlled , and the power generating unit will have a serious impact on the steady operation of power outdated equipment , with some of
shi yubo said : with the deepening of the reform of the power system , many deep - seated contradictions will be exposed continuously , and how to maintain the stability of the workers ' contingent and ensure normal production order will become new problems facing them .
in view of the 2006 work of safe production of electric power , shi yubo said that it is necessary to further consolidate the foundation of power production safety , speed up the establishment and improvement of the emergency management mechanism for power safety , and enhance the ability to cope with sudden incidents , and strengthen coordination and cooperation between power grids , to jointly safeguard the safety of the power system , to continue to do a good job in supervising and managing the safety of the dam of the hydropower station ,
it is understood that in connection with the new situation in the management of power safety , the cec will conduct a comprehensive review of the " interim regulations on investigating power production accidents " which have been promulgated this year . at the same time , the state council will make a decision on the safety of the dam of the hydropower station and the safety of the second system of the power system . this year , the commission will be successively issued and implemented .
in 2005 , the total consumption of electricity in china 's entire society reached 246 - billion kilowatts , up 13.45 percent over the same period last year .
in the face of the fact that the supply and demand situation of power is still tight , the contradiction of coal , electricity , oil , and transportation is conspicuous , various power enterprises have taken effective measures to strengthen equipment management . the total output of power equipment in the whole country has not occurred last year .
the accident occurred 74 times , a decrease of 127 times over the same period last year , and the number of accidents involving equipment dropped 132 times .
the minister said south africa does not have any organization to muster the chinese citizens .
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a consulate in beijing in february this year to promote the development of the relations between the two countries
he also said that the south african government will spare no effort to crack down on all forms of crimes .
fu kangning said : the south african government hopes to reduce the crime rate to zero and make it easier for each south african worker to work in south africa .
since 2006 , more than four chinese students have been admitted to south africa , including the chinese world , the world of chinese origin , and the chinese people 's association for friendship with foreign countries .
the chinese foreign ministry has lodged representations with the south african side and reminded chinese citizens in south africa to further enhance their awareness of security and prevention , strengthen unity and friendship between overseas chinese and their counterparts , and work together with the police to crack down on criminal activities .
let us tell the victims ' families the most sincere sympathy and condolences .
fu kangning said : we feel sorry for this . please tell the chinese people to believe that the south african government is now seriously investigating every case involving china .
according to the chinese embassy in south africa , the south african police have successfully cracked the case of chinese and fujian women chen jianqing killed in south africa on 5 february . a suspect who had been arrested .
the police are now hunting another suspect .
according to the south african embassy in china , the number of hong kong businessmen suspected of shooting in hong kong businessmen in january this year has been arrested by the south african police , and the victims ' property and property have been recovered .
speaking of the assassination of chinese citizens , jiang zemin said : the chinese government has always attached importance to these incidents .
the tourism commission of the south african embassy , the tourism commissioner of the south african embassy , said that the embassy had provided a total of over 2,000 chinese tourists to south africa in the first 15 days of this year .
according to official statistics , the total trade volume of south africa will continue to maintain china 's largest trade partner in africa in 2005 .
bilateral trade reached 7.27 billion us dollars , up 23.7 percent over the same period last year .
however , the travel industry believes that the continuous outbreak of china 's citizens ' assassination in 2004 has had a serious impact on the number of chinese tourists traveling to south africa .
the statistics from the south african tourism administration show that the number of chinese tourists to south africa in the first half of 2005 was 20331 , a drop of 14.9 percent over the same period last year .
the chinese living in south africa now have about 200,000 people , and the chinese living in the towns and villages of south africa are all covered .
analysts here believe that the gap between the rich and the poor in the south african society , the high unemployment rate , and the spread of guns , and the lack of a capital - punishment deterrent , the crime rate has remained high .
because many chinese do not understand english , they have a cash relationship with their families , and they are more prone to become targets of criminal offenders ' financial attacks .
hk , taiwan to promote employment english learning and teaching
hong kong , february 13 ( xinhua ) the hong kong special administrative region government launched a series of new schemes on the 13th to help more serving english teachers to enhance their english proficiency .
this young lady who has good knowledge in english and excellent life has been taught by a series of publicity activities , including promoting the development of english in the workplace and enabling employers to better understand how to help employees improve their english proficiency .
up to now , the scheme has provided nearly 25,000 people with training in the workplace english language , enabling them to meet the relevant requirements of the hong kong workplace english benchmark .
hong kong 's english movement , the hong kong special administrative region government launched in 2000 .
update on english language proficiency in hong kong
the scheme aims to help employers to use english in their work , to help them train their employees and to participate in designated international english examinations .
the aids testing and testing in hebei province has been conducted free of charge .
xinhua news agency , shijiazhuang , february 14 ( reporter dong zhiyong ) - the hebei provincial health department recently formulated and issued the " hebei province voluntary consultation and testing program for aids " ( trial implementation ) , clearly stipulating that the system of voluntary emetereseemal collection can be issued to aids testing and testing , hoping to discover to the maximum the number of infected and patients and further implement the measures for prevention and intervention and the policy of exempting from such things as
the " plan " has clearly defined the status of voluntary consultation and testing of aids in hebei province : the testing and consultation of aids resistance and the implementation of free medical examinations , and the voluntary consultation and consultation and voluntary agreement on aids resistance and the agreement of the information ; the testing and secrecy of aids resistance and the secrecy of consultation and keeping information confidential ; the rights and interests of aids patients and aids patients are protected and provided for them with corresponding follow - up services .
the " plan " requires that the aids consultation and testing center be set up at the locations where the consulting is convenient , and to protect the consulting 's privacy , it should have independent rooms , and can conduct one - to - one consultations .
the choice of advisers should take into full consideration the seriousness of personal quality and the knowledge of the knowledge of the knowledge of the situation and the ability to exchange views .
to protect the selfish interests of the consulting , the testing department may use the code or number to register the information .
the " plan " also demands that health administration departments at and above the county level conduct public announcements on their own voluntary contributions to aids free and free medical and health care organizations and consultation telephone numbers in major local media to facilitate the masses to understand relevant information .
the ministry of public security still has a key point in investigating the case of extorting confessions by torture .
beijing , february 14 ( xinhua ) the ministry of public security 's deputy chief of police inspectors , mr zheng baigang , said at a news conference held by the ministry of public security on the 14th that the so - called " inappropriate method " of using a so - called " natal " to arrest criminal suspects in china is absolutely not allowed .
the focus of the work of the supervisory departments is to prevent the occurrence of these problems .
he also pointed out that some international organizations have expressed concern over the situation of the chinese police law enforcement .
the latest information provided by the ministry of public security on 14 july shows that the ministry of public security has issued the " regulations on the retention measures for public security organs to put on record " to public security organs , " which are to be implemented in 2002 . this has better guaranteed that basic public security organs will be able to apply the measures for interrogation and interrogation according to law .
since 1997 , the state has made great efforts to promote three projects of harnessing corruption ( namely , removing extorting extortion from torture to extorting death sentences to abuse firearms and preventing abuse of coercive measures ) . the police inspectors of public security organs across the country have persisted in going deep into the police squads and fleeing areas , such as public security supervision and control centers , and in the first - line public security supervision and control centers ,
to prevent law enforcement from the source , the police inspectors have further extended their supervision over law enforcement inspectors to step up the enforcement of the national regulations on missionary measures 110 plus interrogation of police cases by 3110 .
hk , taiwan to hold talks on taiwan issue beijing , nov. 20
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) according to taipei news , former taiwan leader , wang daohan , who was honorary chairman of the taiwan straits exchange foundation , was hospitalized for acute myocardial bacteria and suffered a bloody shock in the early morning of 15 february .
sun yun - hsuan was born on 11 november 1913 in the great hall of the people in shandong 's penglai and harbin industrial university of electrical machinery .
it is the first time for the kmt 's 10 th to 13 th central committee members to be elected standing committee member and 14 th central committee appraisal committee member to be elected by the central committee of assessment and chairman of the 15 th central committee of the advisory committee .
he was once minister of transportation and transportation of taiwan , minister of economics , and concurrently director of the administration of taiwan .
heilongjiang to promote ecological construction of songhua river water pollution
harbin , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to implement the " double - edged " project to ensure the completion of the yangtze river dry period and the ice layer melted to the river , and to prevent pollution
the reporter learned from the heilongjiang provincial environmental protection bureau that the " environmental protection bureau " led by the state administration of environmental protection has organized a special group to conduct an evaluation and a total of eight projects to assess the ecological impact and countermeasure of the songhua river , which is divided into emergency environmental protection evaluation and countermeasure , and countermeasure measures .
at present , there are 10 scientific research institutes in heilongjiang province , with more than 60 people taking up 14 research projects .
according to the briefing , environmental protection departments and relevant scientific research institutions will focus on five special topics , namely , emergency environmental evaluation and countermeasures research , and strive to first solve the problems of environmental protection that the masses are concerned about .
the main control points are the control of the concentration of pollutants and the total discharge of pollutants to the songhua river , which will affect the safety of the products of the songhua river , and the consumption of water from the two sides of the river , and the safety of the water supply of the cities , which are scattered and scattered , and scattered , and the emergency treatment technology plan for water supply , and the dosage of pollutants
heilongjiang province 's environmental protection department will also intensify the construction of the environment along the songhua river , and severely investigate and deal with serious pollution caused by illegal pollution and illegal construction .
heilongjiang will dispatch environmental law - enforcement personnel to urge localities to conduct comprehensive environmental rectification work in small basins , improve the water quality of the " elegant river " and other tributaries , and improve the environmental management system of the tributaries of the river .
beijing university opens mourning hall to offer condolences to academician wang xuan
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to cut the number of its troops to 1,500 after a few days of tight deployment
at about 0800 hours , the hall opened to the public . the gate was not open , and dozens of people were in the line .
the reporter saw at the lecture hall commemorating the centennial of beijing university that the wall of the hall was hanging with black horizontal streamers : the silent mourning of wang xuan 's fellow fellow .
the horizontal wall is a ten - square - meter - long wrestling of wang selected from wang wei . he wore a glasses , smile , and elegant and elegant character .
the two sides of the legacy were put on the walls of several trees , several tens of flowers and trees , and several hundred flowers were planted on both sides of the planet .
one of the remedies is the same : the ritual of qin sheng 's works in tang shaohua , the founder of the tang glorious chinese , the first to be sent to the power to welcome the tail of the modern .
the mourning hall was delighted and the atmosphere was filled with heavy perseverance .
the crowd of people who mourned their memorial tablets included leaders and teachers and students from beijing university , friends of wang xuan , many elite school graduates , and also comrades who had no knowledge of him . they also specially rushed to the scene .
some of them held flowers in their hands , some held flower baskets , and each of them had their children in their hands and had their children with small white flowers slowly walking to the remains of academicians wang xuan . they bowed their dreams .
many people could not help but shed tears .
he was once secretary for the state bureau of cultural heritage , a professor at beijing university .
yan zhanwang is a peking school .
professor wang yueqin of the law school of beijing university and wang chan were the old friends of the ancient city over 40 years .
a few days ago , he was just discharged and insisted on having a good break with his old friend .
mr jin said in his message that he was very confident that the united states would not be able to curb its pessimistic and would win the public 's sufferings by using paper to burn down on many occasions .
he told the reporter that professor wang ch'an 's life was very frugal , and he stayed at the tong fu garden . he was already professor , and he had already had a very high achievement , but he was still very small in flat .
later he moved to the zoyuan , where he was living in a place of 780 square meters , and also for more than 10 years .
beijing university gave him a grand welcome to the academician at the blue flag camp , a big house of over 140 square meters , and he did not want , and the high - level housing provided by fang building . he also did not want to go to the granite either .
mr. jin recalled with deep feeling : wang ch'ing was a very good friend of the overseas during his visit to china .
when he started off , he insisted that he did not apply for an academician , he was a professor who had been sent to fill out the list after several mobilization campaigns .
mr jeffrey kim , who had deep feelings , also had wang ch'ing 's attitude toward the training of young people , stressed many times that what do i see now and not what achievements i myself , but what should be done by nurturing young people .
mr. jin said : the age of 50 , wang ch'an began to pay attention to cultivating young people . he has all along stressed that he would pave the way for the development of the human beings and give young people a way to go .
this is a very good thing for a scientist .
this reporter has learned from the beijing university information center that from 9 a. m . on 15 february to 12 noon on 19 february , the number of people traveling to the mainland was as high as 9:00 a. m . every morning . wang xuan 's mourning hall was open to the public to offer condolences .
he is called the " star of the national cppcc committee " vice chairman of the chinese academy of sciences , and also a member of the third world academy of sciences , professor wang xuan of the chinese academy of engineering , who is known as the cas for his illness , has been admitted to the beijing hospital at eleven and died at the age of 70 .
chinese , us presidents hold talks on bilateral ties beijing , nov. 20
wu bangguo attended the signing ceremony and signed the agreement .
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the national people 's congress ( npc ) standing committee ( npc ) chairman wu bangguo attended a meeting of the chinese national people 's congress ( npc ) and the chilean parliament ( pfp ) on the afternoon of the 15 th , and signed the agreement in the text of the agreement .
the chinese npc and the chilean parliament have officially established their exchange mechanism .
it is reported that chilean senate president rodrigo and senate president arseno aseseno held a meeting in santiago , the capital of chile , a few days ago .
according to the provisions of the agreement , the two sides will , in accordance with the principles set in the sino - chilean communique on the establishment of political dialogue between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament , set up a dialogue committee , and turn on to hold an unofficial meeting to jointly promote the comprehensive development of bilateral relations .
chilean ambassador to china klaus kardera and others attended the signing ceremony .
china to introduce regulations on protection of the right to dissemination of information networks
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a new website to promote the development of the internet , said a senior official here today
wang ziqiang said : according to the current law , newspapers and periodicals have published works that are not done by the author or or or making statements that cannot be used by the author . the newspapers and periodicals may not be allowed to use the works without the consent of the author . the state copyright bureau has specially formulated standards for transmitting newspapers and periodicals to pay for the work in accordance with the law .
however , according to the current law , the newspaper and periodical enjoy such a statutory license right , and the internet currently does not enjoy such legal permission .
according to the relevant judicial interpretation made by the supreme people 's court , the practice of newspaper and periodical reprinted and reprinted can be applicable to the internet , namely , short articles published on internet cinemas , the author does not make a small statement that can not be used by any other official , and the internet is not used for the purpose of permission , and at the same time it is required to pay for the remuneration .
however , since the interpretation of judicial interpretation does not stipulate the standard of remuneration , the use of these works in reality does not have to pay any remuneration .
the state council has issued regulations on the use of internet .
wang ziqiang said : whether or not it is included in the scope of law , and whether it will be included in the information network protection regulations that will be promulgated this year .
russia military says georgia 's parliament resolution will not affect russia 's peace - keeping operations
moscow , february 15 ( xinhua ) russia 's foreign trade deficit in the first half of this year was expected to rise to a new high , russian defense ministry official said here today
the russian state duma ( lower house of parliament ) chairman of the cis commission , kcunshen , made a statement on the russian peacekeeping troops resolution in the georgian parliament on the same day , saying that this resolution by georgia will undermine the stability of the situation in the region and will have an unfavorable impact on russian - georgia relations .
he stressed that the resolution of the georgian parliament has further pushed the relations between the two countries to a deterioration direction .
he said that georgia has made a false accusation against russia .
the georgian parliament passed a resolution on the same day demanding that russian peacekeeping troops stop their peacekeeping operations in the southern ossetia , but it has not confirmed the specific time for the withdrawal of russian peacekeeping troops .
the georgian parliament criticized the russian peacekeeping personnel for not performing their obligations and for not keeping russia in line with the regulations , as an attempt to exclude and destroy georgia .
the georgian parliament has asked the government to take active actions to consider the possibility of entering the international peacekeeping force in the south ossetia conflict region to replace the current russian peacekeeping operations in the region .
the georgian parliament also instructed the government to revise the decision to designate the russian peacekeeping personnel to the conflict - stricken areas .
the staircase in south ossetia is an autonomous state in georgia , and has a border with the republic of the northern ossetia of russia .
after the disintegration of the former soviet union , it declared independence on its own and was in a state of confrontation with the central government for a long time .
at present , russia has deployed more than 500 troops in the region .
this unit was formed in accordance with the 1992 consensus reached by the leaders of the eight countries of georgia , northern iesota , and southern austria .
the hospital of liaoyuan hospital 's four responsible persons will be prosecuted for the crime of being suspected of major responsibility .
changchun , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a special hospital in the central city of liaoyuan , jilin province , to provide emergency aid to the injured , according to the ministry of public health
15 december 2005 , liaoyuan city 's largest hospital , qitaida hospital , was hit by a fire , which eventually killed 39 people .
in the fire , the number of people who had been burned exceeded 5,000 square meters .
it is understood that this is the first time that the national medical and health care system has undergone the largest fire since the founding of new china .
according to investigations , at 1630 hours on the day of the incident , a hospital in liaoyuan city was suddenly stopped and the hospital 's circuit was designed . if the power - cut and the power lock could automatically jump to the deputy gate , it would continue to maintain the normal power supply at the hospital , but the electric gate at that time did not automatically jump out of the lock , and the head of the electrical engineering squad zhang diankun was forced to send
the smoke - free underground cables at that time , more than 10 cables were unscrupulously entangled together , and the cables like this should be very tidy and tidy .
therefore , the 57 - year - old liu yuhua , a battalion leader of the electrical and mechanical installation team of the liaoyuan textile company , said sun yat - lin , a retired cadre ( senior engineer ) of the electricity industry bureau . after he returned to work , he returned to the hospital for a retired worker , and jin chengtai , three , also had been charged for suspected of being involved in major accidents .
china 's first tour of guizhou , guizhou , the first - ever travel activity in china 's rural areas
guiyang , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government and people have made great efforts to promote the development of the western region , said shi xinrong , a senior official of the baofang village of tianlong town , ping dam county , guizhou province , on the morning of the 16 th .
at 10 : 30 am , five gu gu yaojun was warmly welcomed by the people in the family of 80 years old , who was wearing a long - sleeved long - shirt .
tin lung tuen mun village is one of the major tourist attractions of guizhou 's rural tourism development and a national village tourist demonstration area .
as the year of the flood in the ming dynasty , descendants of the army , and the tamil of the people in the tamil have been a history of more than 600 years .
here , everywhere there are signs of a broad - minded , elegant , and elegant black dress , ancient han culture and dress in the village of tgouzhai .
it is understood that the village , relying on this cultural tradition advantage , has become a new village in the development of rural culture and tourism since 2002 , and the total ticket income in 2005 alone is only 38 - million yuan . the total income of the village is over 47,000 yuan . through the transportation of food and beverage by peasant households , such as tourism , etc. , the peasants ' per capita income has increased from over 1,200 yuan in 2002 to 2640 yuan in 2005 .
the state tourism administration has decided to introduce the new regulation to the state tourism administration , said yang shengming , director of the state tourism administration .
so far , more than 130 villages and villages have been launched in guizhou .
in january , the total housing price in 70 cities across the country rose 5.5 percent , the shanghai housing price continued to slide .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has approved the establishment of a national financial and economic development bank ( cnc ) in january this year , up 5.5 percent over the same period last year , and the increase rate has fallen by 0.7 percentage points over the previous month .
shanghai 's housing price continued to slide .
the state development and reform commission ( ndrc ) announced on 16 february that the number of industrial enterprises in 70 large and medium - sized cities was down by a year earlier , with the price of housing growing by a small margin , the hohhot and dalian elegant surging by more than 10 percent , and shanghai housing sales prices continued to slide by 0.44 percent as compared with the same period last year .
same - standard statistics show that in the first quarter of last year , the sales price of shanghai housing was still up 19.1 percent over the same period last year , and a turn for the better was followed . in the second half of last year , the decline was slumping .
in january this year , the number of new housing sold by 70 large and medium - sized cities rose 6.9 percent over the same period last year , and the increase rate fell by 0.2 percentage points compared with the previous month .
the new housing price of new commodities was up by a relatively high rate of 1.9 percent , including dalian 's rituhe and haoji , and 10.0009 percent of chengdu 's 9111 percent . shanghai 's housing price dropped by 3.1 percent from the same period last year .
the central organization department has called for further intensifying the supervision and inspection of leading cadres and cadres .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the organization department of the cpc central committee recently printed and distributed opinions on strengthening cadre supervision .
the opinions urged organization departments at all levels to proceed from the high plane of strict management and care for cadres , and to carry out supervision by cadres throughout the process of cadre cultivation and education examination , examination , selection , appointment , and appointment of cadres , and establish and improve a mechanism of supervision that is required to be seriously rectified in time of problems discovered and corrected in time , and earnestly strengthen supervision over the selection and appointment of leading cadres and cadres .
the opinions pointed out : the main task of organization departments in supervising cadres is to supervise leading groups and leading cadres , with the focus on strengthening supervision over principal leading bodies ;
in the process of conducting supervision over leading bodies and leading cadres , the opinions have pointed out that we should unswervingly and satisfactorily carry out education on ideals and convictions and education on fighting corruption and promoting honest government , and should carry out education throughout the process of training , selecting , and managing cadres , guide and supervise leading cadres to strengthen party spirit , persist in building the party , serving the people , and build a strong ideological and moral defense line against corruption and degeneration .
the selection of new cadres should be carried out in a timely manner and in a clear - cut manner in the aspect of being honest and self - disciplined .
we should supervise leading bodies at all levels to uphold democratic centralism , establish and improve rules and procedures for making decisions , and conscientiously implement the system of combining collective leadership with individual division of responsibilities .
we should give priority to the supervision of principal leaders of leading bodies , the organization ( personnel ) departments , and the responsible persons of the leading bodies at the next level , frequently talk with the leading bodies , and understand their work style and other aspects .
establish and improve the system of day - to - day management and supervision of leading cadres , and regularly conduct an investigation and analysis of the ideological and work style of the contingent of leading cadres , and put forward opinions and measures for solving problems .
the practice of leading cadres ' admonitory talks and letter - to - letter system has been implemented , and problems of malfunctioning have been discovered , and admonished or sent to other people for admonition or inquiry in a timely manner .
we should conduct a thorough investigation of the outstanding problems of leading cadres reflected by the masses , and see to it that those who have problems in their localities have been criticized , educated , or handled according to their respective conditions ; those who have violated discipline and law have been transferred to law - enforcement organs for disciplinary inspection or other disciplinary actions ;
at the same time , we should combine strengthening supervision with encouraging cadres to boldly explore new trails in a pioneering spirit , and pay attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the opinions demand that the organization ( personnel ) departments at all levels earnestly strengthen leadership over the selection and appointment of leading cadres in the party and government organizations .
further improve the system of recommending and nominating cadres to conduct investigation and study , and discuss the decision , and strictly implement the system of selecting and employing people in order to provide a guarantee for getting rid of incompetent political work and for improving the work style of doing things in order to get the people 's trust and trust .
we should strengthen supervision and inspection of the implementation of the regulations on the appointment of cadres , and severely investigate and deal with violations of the regulations on the appointment of cadres , and resolutely check unhealthy trends and corrupt phenomena in the use of personnel .
the practice of setting up a task force to supervise and investigate the problem of serious violations of the law and regulations , and the intensity of supervision , handling , and investigation .
establish and improve the system of holding accountable those responsible for the work of selecting and appointing cadres , and scientifically define the objectives , tasks , and tasks for each link in the work of selecting and appointing cadres in accordance with the principle of being consistent in power and responsibilities , clarify the form of investigation , and intensify the investigation and affix of those responsibilities .
we should give full play to the role of mass supervision , establish a mechanism for making public the work of preventing and treating the work of preventing and treating the work of preventing and curing corruption by making good use of official resources .
give play to the role of supervision by public opinion , and report to the media at appropriate times the relevant situation in the work of selecting and appointing cadres and accept supervision by public opinion .
the opinions pointed out : we should further improve the mechanism for coordination and cooperation in the work of supervising cadres .
the organization ( personnel ) departments should strengthen their cooperation with the discipline inspection organs , establish a mechanism for coordination with the discipline inspection organs in the work of improving the party 's work style and building a clean and honest government among cadres , and strengthen the joint force of supervision .
and together with the discipline inspection organs , they have done a good job in inspection work , improved inspection methods , improved the inspection system , and improved the quality of inspection .
in coordination with auditing organs , they have conscientiously implemented the system of auditing the economic responsibilities of leading cadres .
we should improve the system of internal supervision in the work of selecting and appointing cadres in organization departments .
hk , taiwan authorities ' move to invest in mainland china in violation of regulations
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a special economic committee to punish taiwan compatriots for their involvement in the smuggling of ivory made by the united china electronics shareholding company limited ( called " troika " ) , one of the largest enterprises in taiwan , on february 16 , the taiwan authorities decided to provide assistance in violation of regulations to the company of the rotating ship in the mainland and technology .
taiwan 's chung - kuo shih - pao reported that this was the result of chen shui - bian 's vigorous management of things like the induction of incitement and incessant expansion of cross - strait economic and trade policies . the taiwan authorities imposed a first - instance punishment on taiwan businessmen investing in the mainland .
according to reports , the taekwing economic case will be heard by people who are suspected of being involved in the case of jointly punishing the criminals involved in the illegal business of the people on both sides of the strait and the practice of investing or technological cooperation in the mainland region .
in the future , the court will also examine the case according to the situation . cao xingcheng , former chairman of the board of directors of the united microelectronics company , and others will be punished .
the case of lianhe power graft started in february 2005 . at that time , taiwan 's prosecutor department used a hundred people to confront the radio and television network 's several high - ranking personnel to conduct surprise checks , claiming that the joint power company was suspected of investing in and transferring technology to the mainland and providing funds and technologies and human resources .
the then chairman of the board of directors of the united microelectronics company , cao xingcheng , openly indicated that unicef had not violated any regulations of the taiwan authorities , and that the united microelectronics company provided assistance to ship technology was for the long - term interests of the united microelectronics corporation . if it did not enter the mainland market as soon as possible , it would lose business opportunities .
later , the taiwan authorities ' financial supervision and management committee rejected the request for disclosing commercial information .
january 9 , 2006 , the united microelectronics board accepted the resignation of cao xingcheng , and cao xingcheng received a few hours ' resignation from the board of directors for suspected involvement in the investment in the mainland in violation of regulations .
the united microelectronics and taiwan 's ritual company ( called taitai cranes ) and claimed that taiwan 's muster and gemini are the top high - tech enterprises on the island .
the taiwan authorities have made a series of moves in the past year to deal with the united microelectronics industry , and this has been a great concern of all circles in taiwan .
hk , taiwan to hold second year of china 's qinhuanghe river delta championship
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the second meeting of the " yuanhua smuggling " in my heart of the second time , has been held in beijing on the 17th
this big string of chinese events was jointly sponsored by the macao foundation and the baihua publishing house , " the foreign edition of the prose and the chinese writers association , " chen jianli , vice chairman of the chinese writers association , and others .
in 2004 , the total value of macao 's return to the motherland was around $ 230 million , the name of the famous " elegant " in the heart of my heart , the literature lecturing contest in macao , and the art of literature lovers at home and abroad , received more than 8,000 entries from the organizing committee .
macao executive member wu zhiliang said in a news briefing on the 17th that last year , luster historical city in macao was listed in the world heritage list .
" we are now in the process of building a harmonious society , " said wu .
it was learned that the competition was held on 1 september this year , and the " foreign edition of prose and sea will open a special column to select the entries for the competition .
the results of the selection will be announced in the beginning of 2007 .
shandong successfully implemented a baby - child cardiac transplant
jinan , february 17 ( xinhua ) the national bureau of statistics ( ngapoi ) of the jinan military region recently successfully implemented a baby - child heart transplant operation .
the reporter saw on the 17 th in the severely ill - infected custody room that the 51 - day - old baby was full of face , and all monitoring and inspection indicators were normal , and the operation was smoothly completed and smoothly passed the dangerous period . he was playing with the health care personnel to buy the toys .
according to the doctors who were receiving the treatment on the same day , this female patient from tai an rural area in shandong was sent to the hospital by his parents , and he was full of youth and purple , having difficulty in breathing , and having been checked and diagnosed with a cyanosis type of cyanosis , and had to be transplanted to the heart .
the heart transplant is the most difficult part of the heart surgery , and the most complicated operation of the risk .
in particular , the infant below one year - old baby 's heart transplant has been under a blank operation in china .
the blood - and - blood disease research institute of the jinan military region organized experts to repeatedly verify the situation and carefully design the operation and the maintenance plan for the operation and the operation , and to innovate on the method of keeping the blood vessels in keeping with the blood vessels and experiment with animal experiments .
28 december 2005 at 0800 on the morning of 28 december , 2005 , the operation officially began .
the heart of the body was from a man who was admitted to the hospital for breathing and dizziness due to the birth of natural lungs .
the operation should be in line with six blood vessels , which are more than 510 patients , and each needle is less than three millimeters .
the two - man operation was successfully completed on 295 minutes later .
the state administration of safety supervision and administration : the work to curb the occurrence of major and exceptionally serious accidents such as coal mines has been frequently launched as the most important task in this year 's work .
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up four emergency teams to deal with the aftermath of the accident , which has killed more than 100 people , the official said
the reporter learned from the state administration of work safety on 17 july that to truly curb the occurrence of extraordinarily serious accidents , such as coal mines , coal mines are the most important .
this year , the coal mine safety supervision and administration bureau will do the following three things well :
slawing up the water reactor
wallace should be brought to justice this year , and work out plans after cutting off the trunk .
if the gas wells do not carry out the practice of cutting off the oil field first , they will be ordered to immediately stop production according to law .
slawing up efforts to rectify enterprises
we should make a public announcement of the 5243 units and the number of newly reported cases in various localities over 700 units , including the number of coal mines that have been reported to the local authorities recently .
we should regard closing down as a regular work and continuously close down those enterprises that cause environmental pollution to the environment and do not have safety conditions .
slope safety management strengthened
it is necessary to immediately correct the phenomenon of cutting the number of large state - owned mining management landslides and guiding the chaotic management of small mines to establish a standardized safety management system .
in particular , we should pay close attention to key state - owned coal mines , and absolutely not allow supernumerary capable coal mines to manufacture supernumerary personnel .
this year 's production safety production safety production targets demand that the number of deaths of all types of accidents in the country dropped by 33.5 percent over last year , of which the coal mine dropped by 3.55 percent .
the death toll of one major accident with more than 10 people at one time will drop by 55.5 percent , of which the coal mine will drop by 77.5 percent .
these targets have been assigned to the people 's governments at the provincial level , and various localities are now moving to grass - roots units and enterprises at various levels .
statistics show that in 2005 , the number of deaths in the coal mine accidents nationwide was 5986 , a decrease of 0.79 percent over the same period last year .
however , the number of people who died in one major accident has risen to the surface , and the number of people killed in the accident has risen 66.6 percent over the same period last year .
( international ) barroso calls for all parties to hold talks on future status in kosovo
xinhua news agency , belgrade , february 17 , by wire ( reporter yi he ) - - pritchina - prasad , president of the european commission , met here on tuesday with a delegation of the european union ( eu ) to the european union ( eu ) , in the town of pristina , the capital of kosovo , saying that he hopes all parties concerned will make a compromise and make efforts to ultimately establish a democratic and multi - ethnic kosovo .
barroso met with president jiang zemin and his party on the same day .
he also stressed that the european commission will do its best to help kosovo develop .
barroso expressed his satisfaction with the current proposal on kosovo 's implementation of the eight standards set by the united nations for the democratic process .
he said that the implementation of these standards is an important factor affecting the integration of kosovo and europe .
he also appealed to all serbs in kosovo to join the kosovo union
barroso arrived in kosovo on the same day to attend the summit .
prior to this , barroso had visited croatia and serbia and montenegro , and will also visit macedonia , albania and bosnia - herzegovina .
( winter olympics , spring spill ) news analysis : sending out legends to make the incident may not be settled .
dublin , february 17 ( xinhua ) the new government has decided to send a delegation to the united nations
xinhua news agency reporter gao huanying
although italy has repeatedly claimed that the people of the republic of turin will be discovered during the winter olympics , the athletes who have been found to use stimulants may face the death of jails , but judging from various situations , such situations are not so likely to occur in the winter olympics .
the city 's winter olympics association opened on 16 february , the first time that the foping scandal has broken out , the o'leava party was found to have used banned drugs .
the following day , the ioc announced that leava had been sent out from the winter olympics . she had been taken to the olympic games in this winter olympics .
the world winter second league held a press conference on the same day to express its support for the two - year ban on the leavers .
the ioc has been stipulating that athletes should be kept in the olympic games and that they should be treated as a " good person " and be deprived of the right to participate in the games , but they are not subject to legal sanctions .
however , according to italian law , athletes carrying and using stimulants are classified as criminal acts , and the judiciary has the right to directly arrest and investigate the use of stimulant agents . to set an example for those who try to test the law in three months to three years , it is not the same .
in december last year , the ioc and the italian government , having spent one year in bargaining , decided to sell off the elephant after finishing to lure the price , and both sides agreed to handle the use of stimulant incidents in accordance with the italian law during the winter olympics .
through the unremitting efforts of the ioc , italy has made great efforts in the four days before the opening of the winter olympics and promised that the police will not enter the olympic village to search for the athletes ' places during the winter olympics . however , the drug prosecutors will still accept the supervision of the italian procuratorial authorities .
it was reported that the italian government oversight of the winter olympics officials , perez , has already sent the leava 's fapai to the eu for investigation .
however , the ioc and pekantor have not yet confirmed this .
the two russian winter season team team team , andersen , arrived in moscow on 17 august to begin a four - day visit to russia .
the chinese government , which had served as a world anti - doping agency for many years , said that once the leavovers were sent back to china , the matter would eventually be out of the list .
shi kangcheng said : the ioc and the italian government have made important contributions to the fight against doping in the winter olympics .
according to previous practice , italy used to be a threat to the use of stimulant incidents by its athletes , the most important result of the punishment given to the lawbreakers was no more than two years of imprisonment and suspended execution .
therefore , the senior officials of the italian lufthansa news agency , peter peli , said that the possibility of sending leava to prisons was unexpectedly rare , and most of them were fined .
pierre also said that although the italian court could hold a hearing , the italian police also had no choice but to go abroad to extradite leava to take him to serve the sentence .
if he refused to send leava to accept the verdict , the italian side would not have to take her .
xinhua news agency roundup on new sars epidemic situation in new epidemic areas in the world ,
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to provide a comprehensive report of the xinhua news agency ( xinhua ) on february 18 to the country 's largest bird flu outbreak in the world , the official said .
the world health organization confirmed on 17 july that three areas of egypt have discovered bird flu - infected deaths .
in europe , france also discovered for the first time a virus of five types of avian flu virus , and elegant africa in europe , and strengthened prevention measures .
the who 's east mediterranean region adviser , hassan bush , told the press in egypt on 17 july that the current cairo jakarta in central egypt and three southern areas of ming ya have discovered the possibility of h5n1 bird flu virus infection .
experts pointed out that egypt is the second country to the migration of migratory birds in the middle east and north africa , and migratory birds can be carried by migratory birds to the country .
egypt has announced that it has banned imports of live poultry from other countries and has strengthened quarantine work at border ports .
the chinese government has always attached importance to the development of the country 's agricultural industry , and has taken a series of measures to prevent the spread of the disease , said the official .
cameroon has decided to suspend all poultry from the country where the bird flu epidemic has occurred , and has suspended all poultry and pork from the two countries ' border markets .
the government of the cameroon has also built a comprehensive national highway network covering the entire border within a short period of time , and the country 's bashar center and national veterinary laboratory have been in an emergency awaiting state , so that it can conduct a comprehensive testing on the 5+1 virus at any time .
in europe , denmark and sweden initially ruled out the epidemic on 17 july .
the swedish veterinary institute issued a report on the death of the dead swan found on wednesday , indicating that the bird in sweden has not been infected with the avian flu virus .
the danish national veterinary authority 's preliminary laboratory also showed that the number of confirmed cases of bird flu in the territory of denmark has not been infected by the avian flu virus .
however , the agriculture department said that denmark still cannot take it lightly .
the country has seen a total of nine bird flu epidemic - related epidemic areas in eastern europe , and the world health organization experts said in bucharest on 17 july that almost all places in the danube delta region have bird flu , and they must take this situation seriously . romania may have to take a further step in the next three years or five years .
in bangladesh , asia , the government has taken all necessary measures to prevent the spread of avian influenza .
the government livestock services bureau has provided relevant officials with information on the prevention of avian influenza , and has also organized poultry farmers to train them .
( newspaper clippings ) china 's first online blood information management system is established in zhejiang
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the zhejiang provincial blood center revealed that china 's first joint research center for blood information data management and control recently officially established and put into use in the center .
the responsible person of the zhejiang provincial blood center said that this means that any citizen should be elected in any county ( city ) in zhejiang province in the future , and that the donation should be paid to the blood donors without any other choice .
the responsible person further explained that if the import of the relevant code records can be used to show the insolvency of the insolvency blood donors , it will be too late to suggest that it does not meet the conditions for blood donations .
this will not only protect the blood - donors ' health , but also effectively protect the lives of the blood - users .
in addition , when blood supply is strained , the donors and their relatives have the right to give priority to blood . as long as you import the valid documents of the donors , you can immediately show the blood donors ' information and make it very convenient .
according to a report in hangzhou 's " today morning news , " the information system has now been put into use in all 36 blood - receiving organizations in the province , and all blood - supplying organizations in the province can also show their blood resources in real time , thus enabling the data of the whole province to share .
to prevent the recurrence of landslide , 11 villages in the philippines urgently evacuated
manila , february 18 ( xinhua ) philippine local officials said on wednesday that the death toll of 11 villages in eastern philippines is one of the most serious problems in the country 's history of landslide .
the official of the southern state of leittland , rita , said on the same day that the village had a mountain landslide with the village on the 17th , which was located in the same area .
the 11 villages evacuated will be destroyed by the residents of seven villages .
lisaas said : the government yesterday ordered residents to evacuate and sent people to check the villages ' tombs , because some people did not want to leave their homes .
the mountain landslide incident took place on the 17th in the southern city of santa sodium town of southern leg , and it was seen from television footage that the soil and rocks had been completely destroyed by the entire village . it could only be seen that several roofs were buried .
because of the very thick soil and the humidity of the humidity , people buried in the house could survive very uncertain .
at present , 109 people have been found dead and 57 others have been rescued .
it is estimated that the number of deaths caused by the accident may reach 1,800 .
( overseas chinese community in fujian , fujian province , quanzhou , january 23 ) the export of the province increased by 35.2 percent in the first month of this year , the highest in the world
fuzhou , february 19 ( xinhua ) the total number of people killed in the january - january export of quanzhou city 's foreign trade exports continued to maintain a high - speed growth trend .
according to customs statistics , in january , the value of exports in quanzhou was 330 - million us dollars , the highest in history , and the figure was 35.22 percent higher than the average growth rate of the whole province .
according to a survey conducted by the quanzhou city bureau of external economic affairs , the growth rate of foreign trade in january was mainly attributable to the growth of several foreign trade support service measures in quanzhou , and the rise in the enthusiasm of enterprises for exports , the economic operation in quanzhou , and the strengthening of enterprise confidence in operation , as well as the highly efficient and smooth environment for foreign trade development .
