the dead concubine was found in two mobile phones , one of the victims of the investigation .
london , june 6 , 2007
the london daily express pointed out that the two records of the princess diana died in paris in 1997 and the number of the victims was reduced from the previous metropolitan police chief to the office of the chief police officer .
the report pointed out that the theft triggered speculation among people , and the potential danger of a computer being transmitted by the former chief police officer of metropolitan city , sir stephen wentson , was found in the computer .
however , a metropolitan police spokeswoman said that the computer did not have any sensitive information about the incident or had any information to be contacted .
sir steve steve spith is a member of the northian police bureau , his office is in the thenburg new town .
the report said that the norzambians police bureau had been working with the police in the past 10 days to track two theft cases .
a case of a robbery occurred on the weekend from january 28 to 29 , including computers and cash were all taken away , and the second case occurred last week . no loss was reported .
the norwegian police also said that there was no evidence to suggest that the two theft cases and sir cyril 's work .
steven spielberman has been tracing the cause of death of princess vis , not direct cause of the accident .
the royal corpse , bryant , ordered in 2004 to continue to track the relevant evidence .
princess diana was born in a school in paris on august 31 , 1997 when she died in a traffic accident . at that time , she also died with her wife .
after two years of investigation , the french police believed that the driver was drunk and took drugs , and that the driver was the driver 's driver 's driver 's car that caused a tragedy .
the two sides agreed to hold talks in geneva later this month
afp , lilan , july 7 ,
the peace process in norway said that the sri lanka war group agreed to hold a meeting in geneva , switzerland on the 22 nd of this month to resolve the dispute between the parties over the decades - long conflict of racial bloodshed , which has been stalled for three years .
norwegian peace envoy somalam held talks with the minister of justice of the liberation tiger organization of tamil eelam in london , and was awarded the breakthrough .
the norwegian embassy in beijing said in a statement that the clashes between sri lanka and sri lanka were caused by the two sides ' signing of the agreement between the sri lanka government and the tamil tiger liberation movement of sri lanka , and the norwegian government 's assistance in holding negotiations in geneva on february 22 and 23 .
the two - day talks will focus on how to strengthen the implementation of the cease - fire agreement on 23 february 2002 , which has never been fully observed by both sides .
the norwegian embassy said that the two sides will discuss ways to improve the implementation of the cease - fire agreement , which is the first time the two sides have conducted face - to - face negotiations on such a high level in the past three years .
selem said that he will lead a norwegian team to participate in the negotiations , and that the team of four members of the tamil eelam liberation tiger led by barzhan will lead the team .
he said : this is the only road leading to peace . however , it is an important step toward the talks , and the process is expected to be arduous .
the former government has been trying to solve the conflict between sri lanka and the united states in march 2003 .
the opening of the winter olympic games in duin , the south and north korean team of representatives
italy , april 10 , 2007 ( afp )
the 20th winter olympics opened today in dulin .
south korean women 's skating competitor li baola and north korean men 's skating skating competitor han zhenggren were two - way players , respectively .
this is the olympic games representative team between south korea and north korea , and it has been the first time that they have joined hands in the winter olympics .
to reflect the new situations and new problems that have been created in the past few years in the spirit of unity between the two sides , the sydney summer olympics and the athens summer olympics in 2004 will be jointly organized by the south and north korea .
north korea has not participated in the us yim hu city 's 19 th winter olympics .
the korean peninsula was split into a capitalist south korean and communist forces in 1948 . the two sides held a summit in 1950 - 1953 .
south korean leaders met in 2000
the greek delegation is the first delegation to attend the event , and it is the first time for the two countries to participate in the competition .
the landlord 's national union grand stadium was the last country to enter . when the italian team entered the venue , the sport was immediately held in the square .
hefman has been indulged in drugs and has quickly awakened to the great cause of creating a new artistic career .
new york , april 16 , 2007
the most popular person to win the oscar film festival this year , the popular film " emperor bodyguard " , cold blood and white , the male main player , flilley , fleming cyanman , revealed that he was not a young man who had been indulged in drugs and wine and could not get out of the limitations and succeeded in creating a new situation for his performing arts .
during an interview with cbs news magazine , hawke said that he was very happy to see the 60 th minute of his visit to china in the period of time to get drugs and wine .
at that time , he came out of his own 20 , and just graduated from the new york university drama department , entered a beautiful and colorful society , and his daily life rhythm was quickly rotating , and finally he became unconscious and lost control .
he was 22 years old and became a student of the school .
the upcoming sixth meeting of the oscar awards will be held next month .
before this , he had a superb performance and had long been affirmed , and he had won many awards , including a team of gold medals .
the 38 - year - old actor said during the interview that if he did not painfully paint his mind to change his bad habit before he became a celebrity , he might not have won the oscar nomination .
he said that he envies very much those young people who were 19 and who suddenly became rich and had many money .
four european countries have been affected by bird flu
brussels , 16 , 2007
the bird flu virus has been found in europe , causing panic .
eu commission adopts resolution on re - establishment of prizer area , extending the regional control of the virus - infected countries to all the control , and prohibiting the transportation of all birds of the bio - organisms .
the two countries have been working closely together to find the deadly strain of bird flu virus , said the report .
egyptian officials are investigating a bird flu case in a farm in the south .
the european chicken market was affected by the virus , and the big decline was the eu executive committee stressed that there was no reason for panic .
the council is responsible for the health and food safety executive committee , dr plubano , said that people are concerned about this , but it is not necessary to react too much .
after the virus detection point was discovered in the three - kilometer area of the surrounding area and 10 - kilometer alert zone , the eu executive committee again presented new regulations to the effect that the european region that had discovered the virus was the zangzun district of jiu yi .
a chinese military official who declined to be named pointed out that everyone was nervous and that they had been working for a day or a night to handle the issue of transmitting messages from various parts of europe , suspected of having erupted .
the european region has so far sent more than 1,500 troops to zoeciar , the czech republic , and zambia zizaesia , a country with a population of over 1,500 people .
romania discovered the 31 st case on the 16 th , and slovenia 's zoo and the rugeninan island of germany also discovered new cases .
the southern part of italy was found on two ducks and the second bird flu virus was the first bird flu case in the european region .
eu officials are now most worried that the upcoming return of migratory birds from africa .
the nigerian government is stepping up its work to prevent the spread of the virus on the african continent to humans .
the government of nigeria announced that all poultry farms in the vicinity of the infected farm will be closed to all birds and birds , no matter whether they are threatened by the virus , all of them will be destroyed .
the government of neighboring countries of nigeria announced that the country had entered a state of alert and allocated a four - million us dollars of emergency plan to monitor and monitor the border between nigeria and nigeria .
the newly established national emergency committee said that they received notification that the two countries had resumed their military cooperation in the border of maria , where the two countries had a loose border .
the new china electronics bank business management regulations will be implemented on 1 march .
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a special bank to provide loans to the banking sector , said a report issued by the china banking regulatory commission ( cbrc ) here today
a spokesperson for the china banking regulatory commission said that according to the regulations of the management measures , the methods of examination and approval of foreign - funded financial institutions have basically remained unchanged , that is , foreign banks ' branches are allowed to operate online banking business , and if new types of business of internet banking businesses are needed , the branch should submit a unified report and examination of the main report of the branch within china 's borders .
to standardize the practice of commercial banks using the internet to develop banking business , the people 's bank of china formulated and promulgated the " provisional measures for managing internet banking business " in june 2001 .
a spokesperson for the china banking regulatory commission said that with the continuous development of the electronic banking business of commercial banks , the interim procedures cannot meet the requirements of the supervision and management of electronic banking risks , and the cbrc has formulated two new regulations for this purpose .
according to a cbrc spokesman , the cbrc has a comprehensive assessment of the quality of safety evaluation institutions , and it is different from the nature of administrative licensing of industry access or enterprise qualification . it is not an assessment institution that must be required for conducting the electronic banking safety assessment business . it is only a reference for financial institutions in selecting the assessment institution .
as long as the safety assessment institution meets the relevant requirements and requirements , even if it does not have the qualification of the cbrc , the financial institution may also engage its personnel to conduct an electronic banking safety assessment , but it should manage it according to the relevant regulations .
the " procedures for managing electronic banking business " are composed of nine chapters and nine chapters , which are divided into two categories : application for and alteration of risk management data and management of extravagant business management ; supervision and management of the operation of the management of law and supplementary rules ; and nine parts .
the " guidelines on electronic banking safety assessment " contains five chapters and 57 articles , which are divided into 57 articles on safety assessments for organizations and safety assessments for implementation of safety assessments and their supplementary provisions .
the book " mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping on the investigation and study of chen yun 's theory of investigation and study " was published .
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the cpc central committee 's party literature research center has compiled a book entitled " mao zedong , zhou enlai , zhu shaoqi , deng xiaoping on the study of deng xiaoping 's theory of investigation and study , " which was recently published and distributed by the central party literature publishing house .
and carry out investigation and study in depth , and uphold the integration of theory with practice , so as to formulate and implement the correct line , principles , and policies , as well as the basic experience of the cpc in leading revolution and building revolutionary troops .
mao zedong 's enlightenment of liu qi 's family of deng xiaoping 's birthday deng xiaoping and other revolutionaries of the older generation , once made an important speech on the issue of investigation and study , and they also frequently penetrated the grass - roots units to conduct social surveys and wrote many investigation reports .
the practice and achievements of their investigation and study are of great significance to guiding the cause of the party and the people to follow the correct road .
the book " mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping on the investigation and study of chen yun " is divided into three parts : the first part is the expositions of mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation on the investigation and study , and the second part is the expositions of mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation on the investigation and study , and the third part was the works of the three investigation groups of the mao zedong faction and
most of these surveys were the first public publication .
in addition , there are two articles on the history of the may 1960 s and 1960 s of the last century .
russia reiterates adherence to one - china policy
moscow , february 6 ( xinhua ) russia will continue to strengthen its ties with china , said russian deputy foreign minister alekseyev here today
alekseyev said that russia has noticed that chen shui - bian recently made a speech on the " taiwan independence " movement .
the russian government has consistently adhered to the one - china principle and has firmly supported china 's efforts to achieve the great cause of national reunification .
last year , the chinese npc passed the " anti - secession law , " and russia took the lead in openly expressing support .
alekseyev said that the russian foreign ministry will issue a statement as soon as possible to reiterate the one - china stand and oppose the proposal of independence for taiwan independence .
china , japan to hold third round of talks on taiwan issue
xinhua news agency , johannesburg , february 6 ( reporter chen ming ) - - - lin yixing , a chinese living in fuqing , fujian province , was killed in a restaurant in south africa on the early morning of 5 february local time after being robbed by local armed elements . on the morning of 6 february , after rescue at burundi hospital , the capital of south africa , which was in the early morning of 6 february , the police in burundi , capital of
according to the president of the federation of chinese people in liberia , feng yang , the incident occurred in the more than 130 kilometers of wellington city in northwestern burundi .
at that time , the owner of the store , lin yixing , was picked up the goods inside the bar and was preparing to end the business for one day .
at this time , there were three customers in the shop , one of them fired his hand and hit the bar and robbed them .
lin yixing , 40 , and his hoodlums fought against the ruffians . the ruffians opened a gun to lin yixing , and fled later .
the local people who were informed of the incident brought lin yixing to the hospital for medical treatment . because lin yixing 's body was full of thick and thin blood seepage , the physiological cracks of blood were not stopped . on 6 february at 3 : 30 am .
on 6 february , the chinese consulate general in jordan xu defu , wu tongzhu , and the south african chinese association of fujian , lin changfu , and others drove to buenburg to the burundi area to assist the family members of the dead .
mr lam became the first person to be executed by the culprits in 36 hours . at the same time , he was also the first chinese to be killed in south africa since the beginning of this year .
( newspaper clippings ) shanghai : part - time personnel and graduates of colleges and universities have become main force in hours of work
beijing , february 7 ( xinhua ) shanghai labor and social security bureau released its annual " year of summer labor " guiding price for wages for workers , with a total number of 220 people employed last year , and the number of posts to be offered increased by 180 percent , compared with 11 last year .
according to the statistics of the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau , the average annual salary of employees in shanghai has exceeded 1 million .
according to a report by the china youth daily , college graduates and part - time personnel are the main component of the hour - long workers force .
through the investigation of nearly 8,000 hours of work , the majority of people were concurrent - duty personnel , and the percentage of them was 51.1 percent .
the cultural level of the part - time workers is generally higher , and they mainly engage in technical work , such as translation and part - time personnel , with a ratio of 81.77 percent , fitness and health - related personnel reaching 61.66 percent .
high income is the result of many people engaging in work - time jobs .
it is understood that the monthly income of individual posts can reach tens of thousands of yuan , and it will be difficult to seek , just as the translation of the voice of interpretation , and the monthly income of job posts in an hour can reach more than 2,000 yuan , such as the part - time financial revenue of such people as the siwei yi , who is part - time financial secretary .
the people 's interests and the need to expand their knowledge are also part - time job - seekers .
for example , when a company is the manager of the human resources department , he will draw several hundred employees every week to handle a case of a foreign office 's financial accounts .
mr koo considered that the greatest income from the part - time job was to keep their knowledge more and to have an opportunity to be involved in another field , of course , the income of $ 2,000 per month was also given a certain amount of lubricant .
as some job vacancies are low , the workstyle of the job is flexible and free , and many people who are now seeking employment are also gradually getting their favorite . 146 percent of the workforce is a tertiary and secondary specialized school graduates in the past three years .
at the beginning , i did n't want to do an hour job , but i did a few months later , i felt that it was better than the 9 th north korean working day .
after graduating from the university , i found the job that was not as good as my surprise , and finally he hung a famous guesthouse with piano playing background music .
the pair of people is very satisfied with my work now , and i am 100 yuan per hour , and my environment is good . i am going to do more job now . it 's a bit of work .
it is learned that the work of an hour has become a accumulation of work experience for some graduates who are seeking employment , and their skills of communication and skills have improved the communication skills of the society and the important ways of reading the social history of their graduates .
the graduates do hours - work mainly in knowledge and skills - intensive industries , such as the computer and computer - related services , the computer and the internet , and the computer and the internet .
the workplace skill requirement is not high , such as the minimum wage for food promotion and the jewelry , etc. , and the unemployed personnel can choose to work on their job through simple training .
the data show that the number of employees who were unemployed in the hours was 39.9 percent , of which the proportion of unemployed people in the retail category was as high as 68.4 percent , and the percentage of restaurants and drinking was 58.77 percent , with an hour - time job becoming the important channel for employment of unemployed personnel .
wu bangguo inspects anhui province
beijing , february 8 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a special economic zone to promote the development of the western region , said wu bangguo , member of the standing committee of the political bureau of the cpc central committee , on the 8 th of february
from 6 to 8 february , wu bangguo paid a visit to the zonghu lake and the huilai fertilizer , and went deep into the villages ' zhifu scientific research institute and higher - level institutions to inspect the operation .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui has the advantages of the feibao [ name as transliterated ] region in the southern part of the xixi district , and is an important agricultural region in china . it has rich natural resources , a fairly good industrial foundation , a strong scientific and educational strength , and rich cultural and tourism resources . it has a huge development potential .
anhui should firmly seize the opportunity of promoting the rise of central china , always adhere to the central task of economic construction , and make earnest efforts to implement the central authorities ' principles and policies in close connection with the actual conditions in anhui , carry out its work creatively , and implement the scientific development concept in concrete measures and in practical work .
we should promptly sum up practical experience , fully rely on the masses of the people , vigorously support reform and innovation , and continuously create a new situation in anhui 's work .
we should actively promote the building of a harmonious society , and persistently regard the realization of the fundamental interests of the greatest majority of the people as the fundamental starting point and the end - result of all our work , actively create conditions , and gradually resolve the practical problems of the masses living in difficulties , gradually readjust the distribution relationship between the two urban and rural structures , gradually narrow the gap between the two urban and rural areas , safeguard social fairness and justice , and enable the entire people to share the fruits of
wu bangguo stressed : china has reached the stage of relying more on the improvement of its own innovation capability and the improvement of the laborers ' quality to promote economic and social development . only by vigorously promoting scientific and technological progress and innovation can we achieve a leap in the quality of the productive forces , and can economic and social development be truly turned into a path of scientific development .
we should establish and improve as quickly as possible a system and mechanism that are conducive to innovation , increase scientific and technological input , encourage patents and inventions , develop famous brands , speed up the transformation of scientific and technological achievements into real productive forces , strengthen the main position of enterprises in independent innovation , and continuously increase the contribution rate of scientific and technological progress to economic growth .
we should support and encourage the participation of technological elements in distribution , establish and improve the statistical indicators that reflect the ability to innovate independently , study and formulate financial and taxation policies and government procurement , and support independent innovation , and form a policy to encourage independent innovation .
we should cultivate a sense of innovation in the whole society , vigorously advocate the spirit of daring to innovate and courageously compete , and strive to create a good atmosphere of talented people coming forth in large numbers .
wu bangguo pointed out : the people 's congress has made great achievements in the process of building a socialist country ruled by law .
doing a good job in the work of the people 's congresses in the new situation , first , we must uphold the correct political orientation , unswervingly follow the road of socialist political development with chinese characteristics , and combine the upholding of the party 's leadership over the people as masters of their own affairs and governing the country according to law .
second , we should closely center our work around the overall situation of the party and the state , and closely center our work around the major issues in reform , development , and stability , and carry out our work closely around the hot and difficult issues that the masses of the people are generally concerned about , and continuously enhance the practical results of the work of the people 's congress .
third , it is necessary to give play to the characteristics and advantages of the npc 's work , uphold democratic centralism , act according to procedures , and decide the issue collectively .
we must adhere to the mass line , take the people as the foundation , exercise power for the people , and be concerned for the people and seek benefits for the people .
china proposes to develop a large - scale project of scientific research in the next 15 years
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a special committee to promote the sustainable development of the country , with the aim of enhancing china 's international competitiveness , and achieving a leap forward in the key areas , according to the state council 's " program for the development of medium and long - term science and technology ( 2006 - 2020 ) " issued on 9 february .
the four major scientific programs are the research and development of protein and the physiotherapy of rice research and development and breeding .
the program pointed out that protein science is the most important weapon in life science that developed countries are now fighting fiercely .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on studying the restructuring of important biological systems , including the brick and thin of the zoe , the zoe - shaped structure , the biodiversity , and the interactive effects of the monogamic protein and biomedicine , which are calculated in the same breast , and the methods and application of the research of protein - product research .
the outline also holds that quantum regulation and control research has obvious foresight , and it is possible that the research will be carried out in the development of human society and economy by 20-30 .
china will focus on studying the carrier and regulation and control principles and methods of quantum communications , calculating the quantity , and being limited by the small - scale system , and the quantitative regulation and control of indicators and measurement of the size , and the new technological foundation .
in addition , the outline points out that nanotechnology has become a new strategic choice for many countries to enhance their core competitiveness , and is also a field that china is hopeful to achieve leapfrog - style development .
in the next 15 years , china will focus its research on this field , including the research of the possible control of the phony assembly and the functions of the equipment , the development of the analog , the newest biology and the nanometer medicine , the nanometer scale surface demonstration and measurement , and the nanometer material and nanometric technology in the energy environment .
china 's population growth is large , and its birth deficiencies are too many , and the practice of transplant organs is seriously short . the peak of aging is just around the corner . therefore , it is urgent that the theoretical breakthroughs in reproductive and breeding and the technological innovation be made .
according to the program , the total amount of china 's military spending will be $ 1 billion , and the amount of imports will be $ 1 billion , up to $ 1 billion , and the amount of imports will be $ 1 billion .
shanghai 's real estate price increase dropped by nearly 7 percentage points last year .
shanghai , february 9 ( xinhua ) the shanghai municipal government will continue to provide housing construction and real estate sector with the necessary infrastructure and the necessary infrastructure facilities , said the ministry of land and natural resources here today .
according to the latest data , the real estate industry in shanghai achieved a good performance in all indices last year , or a slowdown in growth .
within this total , the price of residential housing fell by 6.6 percentage points from the previous year , and the added value of real estate industry decreased by 4.1 percent from the previous year .
pan xixin , director of the shanghai municipal bureau of statistics , said at a news conference that shanghai 's average housing sales price was 6698 yuan / square meter in 2005 , up 313 percent from 2004 .
the prices of residential properties in the year increased 9.2 percent from the previous year , and the rate of increase fell 6.6 percentage points from the same period last year .
the added value of the real estate industry for the year was 670.23 billion yuan , down 4.1 percent from the previous year .
in the balance of loans from financial institutions , the outstanding amount of personal housing mortgage loans was 26.494 billion yuan , and the new loans were only 494 million yuan in that year , and the new loans in 2004 were only 72.09 billion yuan .
pan jianxin said : from the overall sales of shanghai real estate , the prices of commercial housing are stable and drop .
the statistics also showed that according to the latest data , by 2005 , shanghai real estate prices have fallen somewhat , and the housing average sales price of residential housing was 6698 yuan / square meter , an increase of 26.5 percent over 2004 .
the total sales price level of housing in 2005 was 9.77 percent higher than the previous year , with an increase of 6.2 percentage points compared with the previous year .
he said : last year , shanghai municipality completed investment in real estate development with a total investment of 124.686 billion yuan , an increase of 6.1 percent over the previous year .
the sales area was 315.887 million square meters , down 9.55 percent .
the total sales volume of commercial housing was 21.16 billion yuan , down 4.55 percent from the previous year .
two light aircraft crashed in new zealand
xinhua news agency , wellington , february 9 , two new zealand light aircraft crashed in a military aircraft at about 100 kilometers north of wellington , the capital city of new zealand , killing two people aboard the plane .
according to a relevant responsible official of the local civil aviation department , the driver of the two aircraft was the first pilot of the college of flight at the marseille university . they were still receiving training and had not obtained a flight license .
at the time of the incident , the two aircraft were in a non - air control zone . according to regulations , the pilots should be able to cope with the aircraft 's navigation and safety conditions when flying in such a region .
a man at the scene of the incident was very angry to the new zealand media , saying that when the plane collided , he heard a huge explosion and saw the aircraft crashed toward the ground .
another eyewitness also confirmed that after the plane crashed , a huge explosive sound was heard and a large number of aircraft were killed .
the cause of the collision is still not clear , and the local civil aviation department will investigate this .
china , argentina 's overseas chinese strongly condemn chen shui - bian 's visit to china
xinhua news agency , buenos aires , february 8 ( reporter cao yu ) - - - the overseas chinese and chinese living in argentina , a chinese - american association for the promotion of peaceful reunification of argentina , issued a solemn statement on the 8th , strongly condemning chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence and opposing any attempt to split china .
the statement said that chen shui - bian issued a statement on 29 january , in which he claimed that he would abolish the national unification council and the national unification program , a policy of adding fuel to taiwan independence .
compatriots on both sides of the strait have long hoped for peace and the taiwan compatriots ' desire for peace and development .
the statement pointed out that resolutely opposing and curbing the splittist activities of taiwan independence forces and safeguarding peace and stability in the taiwan strait region are still the common aspiration of compatriots on both sides of the strait and the chinese people in the world .
the statement stressed that the argentina china council for the promotion of peaceful reunification is willing to hold dialogue with all overseas chinese and ethnic chinese from both sides of the strait who are from argentina , and resolutely oppose the attempts of taiwan independence in any form and actively promote china 's peaceful reunification .
prc expert : us ' preaching military threat ' china 's military threat is groundless accusation
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a special hotline at the united states to provide the country with a " four - year defense review report " to congress for the first time , according to the report
experts believe that this is a new development in china 's normal national defense construction , and it is a new wave of military threat to china .
the " report on the four - year defense review " is a new document of the pentagon 's guiding significance for national defense .
the 92 - page report uses three paragraphs on china 's military strength and the us response .
zhang junjiu , research fellow of the world military research department of the chinese academy of military sciences , said : although the senior us military officer has expressed similar views many times , this is the first time that the united states has proposed in the report on national defense strategy that china is the most likely emerging big power that might pose a military challenge to the united states .
the report clearly and definitely includes the first time that russia 's tamar with china as a new strategic opponent , especially its so - called china military threat theory .
peng guangqian , research fellow of the chinese academy of military sciences , said :
what merits attention is that in the " report on the four - year defense review , " the same day , us president bush also submitted a draft bill on the defense budget for 2007 to congress , of which the defense budget for the fiscal year of 2007 was $ 43.9 billion .
if the pair is added to the military exercise in iraq and afghanistan ,
peng guangqian maintained that the united states ' speculation of the tricks of using other countries ' theory to create enemies of the pentagon has been reflected in the consistent style of the pentagon , and its real purpose is to strive for more national defense funds and to win more support for the huge us arms industry .
experts said that compared with the huge military spending of the united states , china 's national defense spending is quite limited .
he has participated in many military experts written by china 's national defense white paper , deng hongzhou , who said : since the 1990 s of the 20 th century , with economic development , china 's national defense spending has increased somewhat , but the proportion of national financial expenditures in the same period has shown a downward trend .
official data show that in 2004 , compared with 1979 , china 's national defense spending accounted for over one - third of the total national financial expenditures for the same period .
china 's defense spending in 2005 was 244.656 billion yuan , only equivalent to only about half of the us $ 14 billion , and its per capita military spending was equivalent to about 1 / 14 of the united states , and the per capita military spending was about one - third of the us military .
the land area of the united states and china 's territory are roughly equal , but the gap in military spending is so huge . in the end , who has exceeded the normal defense needs , is this not a word .
peng guangqian said :
the research department of the china arms control and disarmament association , teng jianqun , said that the us side should objectively assess the situation of china 's military construction , and that china 's peaceful development does not mean that china and the united states will become their military opponent in the future .
the " 2004 china national defense " white paper said : china firmly follows the road of peaceful development and practices defensive national defense policy .
china has not been able to achieve such a great impact on any country in the past and in the future .
so far , china has not established military bases in any other country , nor has it sent military bases to other countries .
professor zhu feng of the international relations college of beijing university said : china and the united states should , through established channels , increase communication and exchanges , enhance mutual understanding and trust , and comprehensively promote the development of sino - us constructive and cooperative relations in the new century and jointly promote world peace and development .
( winter olympics ) du'an winter olympics opening ceremony will be held with passion
xinhua news agency , du'an , february 9 ( reporter ding ying and yan tao ) the opening ceremony of the 20 th winter olympics will be held at the bayi olympic stadium at 8 : 00 p.m . on the 10th local time .
on 9 july , the dutch winter olympic organizing committee disclosed to reporters in advance the brilliant arrangements of the opening ceremony .
the chairman of the organizing committee , carstini , was full of confidence at the opening ceremony . he said at the press conference that the opening ceremony was cost over 10 million euros , and it had gathered top italian talents in all aspects .
he said : the night of 10 july will be unforgettable . at that time , 350,000 viewers and about 202 - billion television viewers in the world will see the spectacular scene of success filled with emotional affection .
the flames of intense red and hot red and brilliant flowers of red and green were brightly brightly displayed in the five - year - long red pigeons and the white snow and milk cattle of the ales . the director said : the fervor of the fervent and italian style of talented people will become the main theme of the opening ceremony and the greatest winter olympic flower meeting in history will be the most magnificent feats of italian people .
famous italian designer marma ani specially designed the opening ceremony . italian artists , famous fashion brand mogkisino , will be the first to be a player in the ceremony .
however , famous italian boy louis pavarotti will speak at the opening ceremony .
eight people who can flame flames of flames will use the palm of the three - meter long flames to show the flames of flames and they will use 70 kilometers of speed to sail on numerous occasions .
officials of the organizing committee held that this was the most satisfactory result of their performance at the opening ceremony .
the question of how to ignite the torch of the owner was not disclosed in advance , but the main torch station , which is as high as 57 meters , will light the beauty of the roar and the residents of the alps ' hill .
white house announces bush 's plan to visit pakistan and india in march
washington , february 9 ( xinhua ) the united states has decided to grant china permanent normal trade relations ( pntr ) status to the united states , despite the fact that the islamic preemptive for mohammed mohammed mohammed was killed in the islamic world , white house spokesman mcclellan said at a press conference on the 9 th
mcclellan said that bush is looking forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he also said that he is making preparations for this visit .
mcclellan made the above remarks when he held various demonstrations in some areas of pakistan to protest against the despotism of islam prejudice mohammed .
in january this year , bush met with pakistani prime minister aziz at the white house , and both sides expressed the wish to strengthen friendly cooperation to jointly crack down on terrorism that endangers the security of the two countries .
bush also said that at the invitation of the pakistani and indian governments , he will pay a state visit to pakistan and india in march .
hamas to form cabinet to seek breakthroughs
xinhua news agency , ramallah , february 9 ( international observation ) hamas formed a cabinet to seek a breakthrough
xinhua news agency reporter wang hao and huang jiao
the palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) won the election of the legislative council , how to draw a blueprint for the new government has become a major issue of concern in the international community today .
what kind of new policy hamas will pursue will directly affect the next step of the peace process the parties concerned will follow .
at the same time , the us and israel 's boycott has added to the prospects of the hamas government .
at present , the parties of palestine are stepping up consultations and are discussing the issues of future development in the cabinet .
premier position spending too much money ( subhead )
hamas has been able to form a cabinet , and some people in the outside are worried that hamas 's prime minister might have differences with the current top leader abbas .
moreover , visiting hamas president mahmoud abbas stressed that the palestinian - israeli peace process , which was formed under the leadership of hamas , will not be recognized by israel , and this hard - line signal has also aggravated international concern .
the united states and israel have explicitly expressed that they will not accept a hamas government that has real power , and threatened to suspend economic aid to palestine and to hand over taxes to palestine .
however , this does not prevent hamas from making a flexible strategic adjustment , and the election of an independent person is a tougher policy .
it is reported that in order to obtain the greatest international approval , the united states has recently decided to shift the election of an independent person at home and abroad to the chairman of the board of directors of the islamic university , jahrali , who is also a member of the council of the islamic university , to the position of the new prime minister .
this move has not been responded by the parties concerned .
palestinian analyst hussein said that no matter whether the prime minister 's position is spent , the most crucial thing is that the candidate for the prime minister should as much as possible lessen the hardline color of hamas , and only by so doing can it guarantee the success of forming the cabinet .
power is distributed to the public .
in the internal aspect , the biggest challenge facing hamas 's cabinet is its lack of sufficient ruling experience .
the " ya'i bao " of palestine analyzed that hamas , through drawing together people 's attention through social welfare projects , has yet to gain experience in governing and has close ties with the palestinian national liberation movement ( fatf ) , which has the experience of being in power .
after the election , hamas proposed establishing a political consultative partnership with fatah , and jointly forming a national coalition government . however , fatah has not given a positive response to this day .
fatah is currently in the cabinet with different opinions . one faction advocates that it should take part in the new government , so as to do something , while the other faction refuses to accept hamas 's invitation and is willing to make a positive move in the legislative council .
the informed source pointed out that under the instigation of abbas , fatah was gradually inclined to join the new government .
even so , hamas and fatah will also have a consensus on the distribution of their cabinet posts .
in addition , another way is to establish a framework of the legislative council , which is separated from the party 's subordinate cabinet .
it is reported that hamas has also designed a 100th expert - type government , but the specific list is not known .
in view of the fact that the united states and israel have taken a different attitude , the technological expert - type government has also become a cabinet for reducing external pressure .
according to the palestinian " basic law , " the new legislative council will hold its first meeting on 16 june after the new legislative council takes office .
armed forces should not be allowed to go
the weapons in hamas are the most important weapons facing the new government .
the us and israel have been very hard - line and have resolutely demanded that hamas abandon violence and reject their political participation with gun .
hamas leader mahmud stressed on 9 july that armed resistance is a strategic choice of the organization .
the armed issue actually includes the legality of weapons and the ownership of armed forces .
hamas , through democratic and free methods , has been elected the first largest party in the legislative yuan , and has been able to make its subordinate armed forces , while the zambian army is also legalized , that is , to unify it in the government 's security organs .
hamas has proposed that all factions be unified as palestinian national authority
palestine now has more than 60,000 security personnel , and the great majority of them come from the fatah camp .
moreover , fatah also has some organizational relationships that are loose and dispersed , such as the arizona martyrs brigade , the zambian clan eagle , etc.
hamas , who is responsible for forming the cabinet , must hold discussions with abbas on how to manage the armed forces that operate in their own way and reasonably distribute the right to safe management .
according to local media reports , abbas intends to be in charge of security and intelligence units , police , civil defense , and other organizations , and the new government is under the administration of the interior ministry .
however , the parties are still holding consultations on this sensitive issue , and so far there has been no final document .
china has issued its first report on polar exploration
beijing , february 10 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a maritime space management system for the next two years , according to a report issued by the state oceanic administration ( nsa ) here today
the " report " fully reflects the chinese polar scientific research activities during the year 2005 .
according to the " report , " on 9 january 2005 , at 2:15 beijing time ,
the people of the world are watching the stage of competition , which is becoming more and more intense , with the strong will and the fearless spirit of being brave in opening up new fields , first of all , they have carried out the most popular spot of southern icecap and achieved success in one stroke , bringing about the unprecedented leap forward in the south .
sun zhihui , director of the state oceanic administration , said :
the " report " shows that on 24 march 2005 , china 's 21 st antarctic expedition team successfully completed its mission to shanghai , and the inspection tour lasted 151 days and a voyage of 26,500 nautical miles .
on 18 november of the same year , the 22 nd antarctic expedition team of china left shanghai and went to the antarctic center to conduct scientific expedition activities . it will also be left by the end of february 2006 for the central mountain station to return to shanghai by way of australia .
because china 's first announcement of polar observation report , the " 2005 china 's ultra - land inspection report " also makes some revisions to the research results of china 's ultra - low - lying research projects in the 1980 s .
according to the " report , " in 1983 , china formally joined the " antarctic treaty " and became a member of the antarctic treaty organization . it has also become one of the most important member countries of the consultative committee for the southern pole scientific research council for the antarctic treaty in 2003 .
in 1997 , china became a member of the arctic science committee and won the highest honor in international extreme affairs .
the " report " points out that in the past 20 - odd years , china 's extreme exploration of the past has never been done , and has been developing continuously . the initial scale of the visit has formed a batch of southern and central scientific research institutes , including the xianyuan science research institute , which was established in february 1985 . the " south pole station " established in february 1989 was a large - scale scientific research institute in the antarctic , the yellow river , and the yellow
according to the " report , " by the end of 2005 , china has organized 22 antarctic scientific research projects to carry out biometric research on the " red army " with the wheel of the xichang ship as a platform for scientific research on the north pole station of the northarctic , and so far more than 3,000 people have visited the southern pole of the country to conduct an on - site inspection of the xianxian , the northern pole of the
now we are working hard to establish the third antarctic observation station , and also china 's first antarctic inland observation station .
sun zhihui said :
after more than 20 years of hard work , china 's polar exploration cause has been extremely successful in the world 's polar exploration .
he said .
sun zhhui revealed that china will publish a list of polar exploration reports every year in the future .
china 's castro meets chinese president
xinhua news agency , havana , february 10 ( reporter zhou ) - cuban state council president fidel castro met with chinese state councilor chen zhili , who is on a visit to cuba on 10 february . both sides expressed the wish to continuously strengthen mutually beneficial cooperation in education , science and technology , and other fields .
president castro warmly welcomed state councilor chen zhili on his visit to cuba .
he said : cuba - china relations are very friendly , and there have been frequent high - level exchanges of visits , which have forcefully promoted and strengthened the friendship and mutual understanding between the two sides . he expressed the hope that the two countries will continue to deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in various fields , including education and science and technology .
chen zhili said : cuba is a major country with important influence in latin america and the caribbean region .
the friendship between the chinese and cuban peoples goes back to ancient times .
cuba is the first country to establish diplomatic relations with new china .
after entering the new century , under the care and promotion of the leaders of the two countries , the political mutual trust between the two countries has been deepening , the scope of cooperation has been expanded , and mutual support and cooperation in international affairs have been expanded . the friendly relations between china and cuba have entered a new period of comprehensive development .
she believed that with the joint efforts of both sides , the friendly cooperation between china and cuba will surely produce more fruitful results .
chen zhili also pointed out that the chinese government has always attached importance to exchanges and cooperation with cuba in the field of education .
in recent years , the two countries have maintained close exchanges in education and frequent personnel exchanges .
china actively supports the international conference held by the cuban side and has sent a delegation to attend the world higher education conference and the international conference on wiping out illiteracy in 2005 .
cuba 's basic education level is very high , and it is hoped that the relevant experience exchanges will be further strengthened in the future .
chen zhili said : china and cuba have scored remarkable achievements in scientific research and development . through the development of various fields , china and cuba can achieve mutual benefit and win - win results .
the chinese side has helped some cuban scientific research equipment this time , hoping to play a positive role in scientific research and production in cuba .
she also briefed castro on china 's strategy of rejuvenating the country through science and education and the national science and technology conference .
chen zhili arrived in cuba on the afternoon of 9 february at the invitation of the cuban government , and began his visit to cuba .
during this period , chen zhili met with the cuban minister of higher education , vincent siew , and inspected the university of science and technology of havana university , and tuzaixi middle school and santa maria elementary school .
the explosion in the beijing - kazakhstan highway , some sections of the oil leakage
harbin , february 11 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a joint venture with the us military in the southern coastal city of beijing , the capital of harbin , to help the country to stop its oil - depot - oil - gas - leakage at the border of 58 kilometers from beijing - kazakhstan highway , the official said .
according to the traffic police of the shuangcheng city public security bureau , at about 2300 on 10 april , three explosions occurred at 58 kilometers of the beijing - kazakhstan highway , a car carrying a bus with a passenger truck and a tanker crashed together , and the oil tank was sewed up and the inside was loaded with a waste flowing flowing into the road .
it is understood that the tanker was carrying a carcasses and toxic oil .
because of the high degree of self - adhesive and fearing the danger of flames flowing past vehicles , the departments concerned have closed the road at the scene .
harbin 's route to shuangcheng was closed , and many vehicles were bypassing .
at present , the departments concerned are cleaning up the site , and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
hk , macau , taiwan joint communique issued
hong kong , february 11 ( xinhua ) the hutchison whampoa company limited announced on the 11th that it was the third largest commercial company in italy , the third largest ever in china , to be listed on the market .
and mr henry fok , general manager of the huanghe group , although the 3 rd italian bie has been approved by all relevant regulatory authorities , the stock market will have to be completed within the next few weeks , and the time will be too short .
at the same time , the european telecom market is weak , and the market may not be able to provide clues to italy at this moment , which may not be suitable for its listing .
in view of the need for shareholders to obtain the greatest interest , the decision to postpone their listing is to be made .
as for when to issue shares to be listed , fok said that it would depend on the future development of the european telecommunications market .
he said : from now to now , the stock market will be basically opened for business in china .
according to another media report , the three italian coordinating people in the world , one of the three baltic countries , goldman sachs , agreed to sell us $ 420 million in private matching and to sell 103 italian paleonius , which is expected to be completed by the end of march this year .
china , myanmar trade ministers hold bilateral talks
yangon , february 12 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a special committee to promote the development of the economy , said chinese ambassador to myanmar nabullah khama and economic and trade counselor tang haihai on the eve of the visit to china by myanmar prime minister thamo doha mohamed here today
ambassador tuomu said : in recent years , the friendly relations between china and burma , which were established on the basis of the five principles of peaceful coexistence , have been consolidated and developed , and exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been expanded and deepened with each passing day . economic and trade relations between the two countries have been continuously expanded and strengthened .
counselor tang said that the two countries have maintained mutual visits , which has forcefully promoted the development of bilateral economic and trade cooperation .
the exchange of high - level visits between the two countries in 2004 , the two sides signed 33 agreements on economic and trade cooperation , most of which are being implemented and implemented .
he said : in 2004 , it was $ 11.4 - billion , and in 2005 it reached $ 1.09 - billion , of which china 's exports were $ 935 - million and imports were $ 274 - billion .
last year , china 's yunnan and myanmar trade volume ( including border trade , border trade ) reached 63.3 billion us dollars , up 24.6 percent from the year before .
tang said myanmar has become a major partner of china 's enterprises in the construction of contracts , and china has been a major partner in burma 's power station , including the hydroelectric power plant , the factory of the docks , the xijiao mill , the hammer of the sugar refinery , etc.
chinese enterprises start engineering business in burma , bringing along the development of complete sets of machinery and electronics products in china , and myanmar has become china 's largest export market for complete sets of equipment and electrical products .
according to statistics from the chinese customs , in the past five years , the export volume of machinery and electronics products accounted for 45.5 percent of china 's total export to burma .
tang also said that myanmar has rich resources and that chinese companies have started investing in myanmar 's oil and natural gas products , including the peel mine of the national petroleum corporation , and the development potential of sino - burmese economic and trade cooperation is great .
he expressed the hope that chinese enterprises will have a long - term vision , learn to avoid risks , and make prudent decisions , and establish a good enterprise image and ensure that project quality and quantity are fulfilled .
ambassador liu and counselor tang haizanzai both held that premier soe 's ' formal visit to china is the first visit to china this year . it is of great significance to enhancing political mutual trust , promoting bilateral cooperation , and promoting good - neighborly and friendly relations between china and burma .
the two sides are expected to sign several agreements on economic and trade cooperation during the visit .
world bank to reduce poverty
moscow , february 11 ( xinhua ) world bank president wolfowitz said on the 11th in moscow that the world bank would completely exempt the poor countries ' debts before the middle of this year .
wolfowitz held talks with chinese foreign minister li zhaoxing , who is here to attend the g - 8 finance ministers ' meeting .
in a statement issued after the meeting , he said that the world bank would implement its debt reduction plan before july 1 this year , and that the world bank is now working on all technical issues .
last year , the donor countries of the world bank completely exempted from the debts owed by 28 countries , and pledged to provide financial assistance to the relevant trust funds .
the international monetary fund 's debt amount is smaller , and the imf has increased its debt to $ 30.6 billion by the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz 's commitment to russia to exempt debts of 16 african countries .
the high - tech digital television has gradually become the mainstream in the united states
new york , february 12 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to increase the number of people with disabilities ( including the bitterness of the bitterness and the ever - expanding market ) , according to the new york times on tuesday
the united states ' super - awn rock - like olive soccer soccer has become the most popular favorite for the american broadcasting industry to welcome the television era .
according to a recent report by the financial times , the us congress recently passed a bill stipulating that the american broadcasting industry must submit a bill on 17 february 2009 to the congress for full broadcast of the current simulated television signals , and only digital signals can be broadcast .
this means that the comprehensive digitization of tv programs broadcast by the united states has already had a clear timetable .
high resolution digital television 's popularity depends on the consumers to purchase tv sets , and on the one hand it depends on the production agencies to provide high - definition digital programs .
although the digital television has been repeatedly mentioned in the past few years , it has not yet become a reality .
this problem has taken a turn for the better this year .
according to the forecast of the american consumer electronics association , the number of digital television sets sold in the united states this year will exceed the traditional television sets , and the number of digital television sets is 85.5 percent of high - resolution products .
japanese researchers have developed new highly efficient kidney
tokyo , february 13 ( xinhua ) japan 's east china sea university research and development institute ( east china sea university ) has developed a biomedical kidney system , which is not only the same as human kidney , but also has the same function of retaining material composition .
according to a recent survey by the nihon keizai shimbun , the newly developed biomedical kidney is mainly composed of two parts , and the part is filtered and filtered by blood and the tubes of the tubes of the water . the other part is the cream of the freshwater stem and aminic acid which is rereturned to the urine blood of the people .
the people 's kidney and the female breast - making body are both under the control of the cables .
the use of the skin cells can cause the diseases caused by multiple blood diagnoses and the diagnosis of the chronic hypertension of diagnosis and therapy , which are diagnostic acid and return to blood , and at the same time enable the ventilation of the ventilation of the ventilation and the mineral material that the body is required to enter the blood again .
the previous human - made kidney , which relied on the infiltration of the upstream , was filtered and filtered by the ventilation , and could not completely eliminate it , and it was not in the condition of removing the functions of the kidney and other components from the blood .
researchers use mountain sheep to carry out biomedical transplant experiments , human kidney transplant experiments , and human kidney - built pig - based stem cells .
two weeks later , researchers confirmed that the kidney system for man - made kidney has been able to play its functions .
at present , they are developing and using the biodiversity of human kidney cells and will verify their safety after testing their safety .
china 's electric power production safety still faces stern challenges
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) china 's electric power industry is expected to grow by a big margin in 2005 , said a responsible official of the state power supervision and management commission ( sdrc ) here today .
the vice chairman of the state power regulatory commission , shi yubo , said at a national meeting of the power safety production committee ( enlarged ) held here that in 2005 , china 's electric power production safety was stable in general and successfully completed the task of meeting the peak and summer of power supply , and actively responded to the intrusion of natural disasters , basically ensuring the safe and stable operation of the power supply system , and ensuring the safe production of electric power grid and the general electric power
however , he pointed out that with the changes in the power supply and demand situation and the large amount of newly built power generating units have been put into operation , the production of electric power will face new challenges .
these challenges include : regional hyperactivity for seasonal demand will continue to exist , and the electricity supply and demand situation in some areas will remain rather tight , and the prices of electricity will remain stable , resulting in a decline in electricity supply .
shi yubo said : with the in - depth reform of the power system , many deep - seated contradictions will be continually exposed , and how to maintain the stability of the ranks of workers and staff members and ensure normal production order will become a new issue facing them .
in view of the 2006 power production safety work , shi yubo said that it is necessary to further consolidate the basic work of electric power production safety management , speed up the establishment and improvement of the emergency management mechanism for electric power safety , improve the ability to deal with emergencies , strengthen the coordination and cooperation of power grid , jointly safeguard the safety of the power system , and continue to do a good job in supervising and managing the construction of the dam and the construction of information technology , so
it is learned that in connection with the new situation in power safety management , the power regulatory commission will make a comprehensive review of the " interim regulations on investigation of electric power production accidents " that have been promulgated this year . at the same time , the report on the safety of the dam and the second system protection of the hydropower station will be successively issued to the meeting this year .
in 2005 , the total electricity consumption in china reached 246.89 billion kw , up 213.4 percent over the same period last year .
in the face of the situation of power supply and demand being still tight , the contradiction of coal , electricity , oil , and transportation was pronounced , and other unfavorable conditions , all power enterprises took effective measures to strengthen equipment management . last year , there was no extraordinarily serious equipment accident in electric power production across the country .
the power grid accidents occurred 74 times , a decrease of 127 times over the same period last year , and 427 incidents of equipment accidents , a decrease of 132 times over the same period last year .
the south african envoy to china said that south africa does not have any plan to sponsor a crime against chinese citizens
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a special embassy in south africa to help the south african people understand china 's history and the development of the country 's economy , said the envoy , who was also a member of the central military commission
he also said that the south african government would spare no efforts to crack down on all forms of criminal activities .
the south african government hopes to see a higher rate of crime as the zero rate of economic crime , and hopes that every south african citizen working in south africa will have a better understanding of the local law and the local citizens , he said .
since 2006 , four large chinese military personnel have been killed in south africa one after another , and the world of chinese origin and people have expressed their extensive concern about this .
the chinese foreign ministry has made representations with south africa over this and reminded chinese citizens in south africa to further enhance their awareness of security and prevention , strengthen unity and friendship between them , and cooperate with the police in cracking down on criminal activities .
the family members of the victims expressed the most sincere sympathy and condolences .
the minister said that the country 's economic development is a great cause of the country 's economic development .
according to the chinese embassy in south africa , the south african police have successfully cracked the case of chinese women 's chen jianqing , a chinese woman in fujian , on 5 february , and a suspect has been arrested in south africa .
the police are now hunting for another suspect .
according to the south african embassy in china , the suspect of shooting a hong kong businessman in january this year has been arrested by the south african police , and the victim 's property has been recovered .
on the incident of chinese citizens being killed , li peng said that the chinese government has always attached great importance to these incidents .
the south african embassy tourism commissioner nguyen bhui said the embassy was operating in the first 15 days of this year for more than 2,000 chinese citizens to south africa .
according to official statistics , south africa has invested $ 1 billion in china in africa in 2005 , and the country has become the largest trading partner of africa .
the bilateral trade volume reached $ 72.7 billion , up 23.7 percent from the same period last year .
however , tourism industry figures believe that the successive incidents of chinese citizens killed in 2004 have seriously affected the chinese tourism industry .
according to statistics from the south african tourism bureau , the number of chinese tourists to south africa in the first half of 2005 was 20331 , a decrease of 14.9 percent over the same period last year .
the chinese people living in south africa now have about 200,000 people , and the number of towns and villages in south africa is around 200,000 .
analysts here believe that the widening gap between the rich and the poor in south africa , the high unemployment rate , and the rampant gun flow in south africa are not threatening the death penalty , and the crime rate is high .
because many chinese do not understand english , there are cash in their bodies and their families , and they are more prone to become targets of criminal activities in making financial attacks .
hk to promote employment opportunities for english learning and training
hong kong , february 13 ( xinhua ) the government of the hong kong special administrative region ( hksar ) launched a new project on saturday to enable more working people to improve their english proficiency .
this english language - style song , which is a popular theme of life , includes the use of a series of promotional activities to promote the learning of english and the training of workplace english , to enable employers to better understand how to help employees improve their english proficiency .
so far , the scheme has sponsored nearly 25,000 people to complete the workplace english training programme , which has achieved the required standards of the relevant workplace english benchmarks .
the hong kong professional english campaign is the first ever " popular english campaign " launched by the government in 2000 .
the zoe project is a project to provide workplace english training subsidy .
the scheme aims to help employers use english as employees and to help them to improve their workplace skills through participating in the specified international english tests .
hebei 's aids inspection and testing system is free and open
shijiazhuang , february 14 ( xinhua ) the hebei provincial health department and the hebei provincial health department recently formulated and issued the " hebei province voluntary consultation and testing work plan " ( trial implementation ) , which clearly specifies the implementation of free - of - handedly and secrecy in the prevention of aids and hoped that the number of people and patients who have been found to be more effective in the prevention of aids and the measures for curing aids and preventing aids from the pain
the " plan " has clearly defined the province 's plan for voluntary consultation and testing of aids : the examination and consultation of aids resistance bodies and the free - of - charge , and the examination and consultation of aids antibody and the confirmation of the information ; the examination and confidentiality of aids resistance and consultation and the intrusion of the consulting authorities ;
the " plan " requires that the aids consultation and examination center should be located at the convenient place for the consulting , and that the center should be set up for the protection consulting , which can be conducted one - on - one consultations .
the choice of the advisers should be taken into full consideration the sense of responsibility and the ability to exchange , and other factors .
to protect the privacy of the consulting , the inspection leaflet can be used as a code or number for registration .
the " plan " also requires that health administrative departments at and above the county level release the information on the number of people who are responsible for the voluntary health care services for hiv / aids free in their own areas and provide them with the necessary information .
the ministry of public security is still focusing on extorting confessions by torture .
beijing , february 14 ( xinhua ) the police of the ministry of public security , deputy chief of police inspectorate zheng baigang , answered a reporter 's question at a press conference held by the ministry of public security on the 14 th , pointing out that the allegation that the use of unsuitable methods for the suspect is unacceptable to the criminal suspect in china is absolutely unacceptable .
the focus of the work of the inspectors department is also to prevent the occurrence of these problems .
he also pointed out that some international organizations have expressed their understanding of the law enforcement situation of the chinese police , and they do not have the right thing in all aspects .
the latest information provided by the ministry of public security on 14 february shows that the ministry of public security issued the " interim regulations on the implementation of measures for retaining public security organs ' measures for putting on record " in 2004 , " which " the public security organs shall apply continuing interrogations " and has ensured the application and repatriation measures for grassroots public security organs in accordance with the law .
since 1997 , the central authorities have made great efforts to promote the management of three kinds of water and soil for the use of guns and ammunition to harness the armed forces and to harness the armed forces ' coercive measures .
to prevent law enforcement at the source , police inspectors have further extended their enforcement inspection tactile and strengthened their enforcement against the use of summonses and clues of 110 summonses and enumerators .
hk daily : sun yun - hsuan dies of illness in taipei
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the taiwan authorities , who had served as honorary chairman of the taiwan strait exchange foundation , have been jailed for a period of acute heart failure and failure due to acute heart failure and blood failure , and they have been discharged from taipei early on the morning of 15 february .
sun yun - hsuan was born on 11 november 1913 in poncelet , shandong , and harbin industrial university .
it was the first time that the kmt 's 10 th and 13 th central committees were elected as standing committee member of the 12 th cpc central committee and members of the 14 th central committee of the communist party of china , and the 15 th central committee of the communist party of china .
he was formerly the minister of transportation and tourism of taiwan authorities and the minister of industry and commerce .
heilongjiang to promote the ecological environment of the songhua river water pollution project
harbin , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a water supply system for the songhua river to prevent the spread of the ice and to prevent the pollution of the river from spreading to the river
this reporter learned from heilongjiang 's environmental protection bureau that the project , organized by the state environmental protection administration , was the first to carry out a major ecological environmental impact assessment and a project to tackle the pollution problem .
currently , heilongjiang province has 10 scientific research institutions and schools with a total of over 60 people taking up 14 research tasks .
according to presentations , environmental protection departments and relevant scientific research institutes will provide technical assistance to the emergency environmental assessment and counter - measure research projects in five specific topics , and strive to solve the environmental problems that the masses are eagerly concerned about .
these include the main control of the concentration of pollutants and the forecast of total discharge volume of pollutant discharge in the country 's territory , the impact of the safety of the songhua river on the consumption of the songhua river 's decentralized type of water and the safety of surface water supply , and the study of the plan for the emergency management technology of the city of xicheng , which has produced the residual and clean water management regulations of the songhua
the heilongjiang provincial environmental protection department will increase the environmental protection monitoring of the songhua river and severely investigate and deal with illegal pollution and illegal construction of the environment that causes serious pollution .
heilongjiang will send environmental law enforcement personnel to supervise and urge localities to carry out comprehensive renovation of the environment of the small river basin , improve the living conditions of the residents of the zanhuang river , the living environment of the southwestern region , and other sub - currents .
beijing university opens memorial hall to academician wang xuan
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has made great efforts to promote the development of the western region , said li jiangtao , head of the beijing municipal committee of the cpc , here on the morning of the 15 th after a few days of intense preparations , the meeting is held at the great hall of the people .
at 0800 , the hall was opened up for not yet , and the door was already dozens of people waiting .
this reporter has learned from the beijing university 's memorial hall that the hall is located in the wall of the hall is a black banner .
the bottom of the horizon is a piece of wang xuan 's portrait of a dozen or so square meters . he wore a glasses , a smiling face , and a rousing and refined atmosphere .
the two sides of the legacy were placed on the trees of the dragon berg , and dozens of flower walls were divided .
one of the attractions of the flower is writing : the red flag of qin sheng was born in tang 's glorious chinese . he presented his lead and greeted the modern breadth of the times . the red army 's red army and the red army were also carrying the red army 's red army and red army .
the mourning hall was a mourning lit and the atmosphere was solemn .
among the commemorative people , there were leaders and teachers and students of the beijing university , friends of academician wang xaiju , and many friends who had been close to him .
some of them held fresh flowers in their hands , some carried flower baskets , and each of them was wearing a small white flower in their chest , walking slowly to the legacy of academician wang xuan . they bowed and held a tribute .
many people could not help but shed tears .
he was former director of the state cultural relics bureau , and a senior official of the beijing university , he told this reporter that over the past 10 years , he was still in henan province and had invited wang xuan to give the provincial party committee cadres an explanation of the scientific and technological innovation .
academician wang xuan is a person with a history of chronic diseases .
the jinruilin university law school , together with wang xuan , is a college student of more than 40 years old .
a few days ago , he was just discharged and insisted on doing something good to his old friend today .
in his statement , mr jin said that the government had no choice but to stop his own pessimistic and to use paper to dispel his tears .
he told this reporter that professor wang xuan 's life was very frugal and he was very happy to stay in the tong family garden . he was already a professor and had already made very high achievements , but he was still very small .
later , he moved to chengzo , and he was in a place of 780 square meters , also for more than 10 years .
the beijing university gave him a grand prize in the blue camp , and more than 140 square meters of building , he did not want , and the room of high - level housing provided by fangzheng building was not to be named " a killer . "
mr. jin recalled with deep feeling that wang chose to visit the country during his overseas visit , and that he had to leave him with a very high treatment , but he resolutely refused to accept it .
at the beginning , he himself insisted that he would not apply for academicians , and this was a result of several mobilization by mr. zhou yuan .
mr jackson toured deeply , and mr wang xun also had an attitude of cultivating young people . he repeatedly stressed that at present , i have some achievements , not to see my own .
mr. jin said that when he was 50 , wang xuan began to pay attention to cultivating young people . he always stressed that it is necessary to pave the way and be willing to be a man 's staircase , so that young people can make a way .
this is a very successful scientist .
this reporter learned from the beijing university news center that from 9 : 00 am on february 15 to 12 : 00 noon on 19 february , from 9 : 00 am to 12 : 00 pm on the 19 th , academician wang xuan 's funeral hall was open to the public and was filled by people from all walks of life .
the chinese military has been praised as a model of the current great rejuvenation of the chinese nation , and has been praised as a member of the third world academy of sciences , a member of the third world academy of sciences , and a professor at beijing university , wang xuan , a professor at the third world science institute , died of illness at 11:33 on 13 february in beijing and the hospital at the age of 70 .
china 's npc , chilean parliament establish exchange mechanism
wu bangguo attended the signing ceremony and signed the agreement
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese people 's congress ( npc ) standing committee , which is here as its first official visit to the united nations , attended the meeting on the establishment of political dialogue between the two parliaments , which was held in the great hall of the people on the afternoon of 15 february .
the chinese npc and the chilean parliament have formally established a mechanism for exchanges .
it is learned that chilean senate president rommero and chamber of deputies speaker arseno signed a memorandum of understanding on cooperation in the economic and trade fields between the two countries .
according to the agreement , the two sides will , in accordance with the principles laid down in the sino - chilean diplomatic relations communique , establish a political dialogue committee between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament , and hold a dialogue committee on a rotating basis at the regular meetings of the two countries to jointly promote the overall development of bilateral relations .
chilean ambassador to china kamora attended the signing ceremony .
china to issue information network dissemination rights protection
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a new website for the development of the western region , which will provide a platform for the development of the country 's economy , said zhou wei , a member of the standing committee of the political bureau of the cpc central committee
wang ziqiang said : according to the existing legal provisions , newspapers and periodicals have published works that do not work in their own way or that they can use their prizee statements without the consent of the author and , at the same time , pay compensation . the state copyright bureau has formulated a special work plan for the repayment of newspapers and periodicals in accordance with the law .
however , according to the current legal provisions , the newspaper and periodical publishing houses enjoy this legal license , and at present the internet does not enjoy this statutory right .
according to the relevant judicial interpretations of the supreme people 's court , the use of the method of newspapers and periodicals that can be used in the internet , that is , the newspapers and periodicals published on the internet , the author did not make an article or a statement that may be used without permission , and the internet may not be used without permission . at the same time , the author should pay the payment .
however , since judicial interpretations do not have any provisions on the remuneration level , the use of these works in reality does not have a pay for the remuneration .
the peculiar version of the " pronouncements " on the internet is applicable to the legal license , and it is necessary to determine the clerk from the legal level .
" the reason why the regime was included in the legal framework is that it is not yet a law that is promulgated this year .
russian military says georgia 's parliament resolution will not affect russian peacekeeping operations
moscow , february 15 ( xinhua ) the russian government has decided to set up a joint military exercise with the russian armed forces to prevent the country from being attacked by the terrorists , a russian defense ministry official said here today
the russian state duma ( lower house of parliament ) chairman kobsov of the commonwealth of independent states ( cis ) issued a statement on the georgian parliament 's resolution on the russian peacekeeping forces that day , pointing out that this resolution by the georgian side would undermine the stability of the situation in the region and would have an unfavorable impact on russian - georgia relations .
he stressed : the resolution of the georgian parliament has further deteriorated the relations between the two countries .
he said : the georgian side 's accusation of russia is ridiculous .
the georgian parliament passed a resolution on the same day , demanding that the russian peacekeeping forces stop their peacekeeping operations in the south ossetia , but it did not set the specific deadline for the withdrawal of russian peacekeeping forces .
the georgian parliament accused russian peacekeeping personnel of not performing their obligations and also discredited russia 's actions in the conflict areas as a barbarous act that attempted to inflate and the territory of georgia .
the georgian parliament has urged the government to take active action to consider establishing a permanent peacekeeping force in the southern austrian airfield to replace the current russian peacekeeping operations in the region .
the georgian parliament also instructed the government to amend and determine the number of russian peacekeeping personnel entering the conflict area .
the south ossetia is an autonomous state in georgia , and the two countries are bordering the republic of the north ossetia .
after the breakup of the former soviet union , it declared independence on its own and was in a state of confrontation with the central government of georgia for a long time .
at present , russia is stationed in the region , where a 500 - person peacekeeping battalion is stationed .
this unit was established in accordance with the 1992 plan of russia 's northern ireland of the south side of the panmunjom .
the fire broke out in the hospital and four persons responsible for the accident will be prosecuted for being suspected of being responsible for major accidents .
changchun , february 16 ( xinhua ) the jilin provincial government has decided to set up a special hospital in the central city of liaoyuan city , jilin province , and the accident has been confirmed by 11 persons responsible for the accident , including hospital electric squad leader zhang diankun and others , who are suspected of having committed major accidents .
on 15 december 2005 , the largest public hospital in liaoyuan city , a fire occurred at the hospital , killing 39 people .
in this fire , the area of overflown area reached more than 5,000 square meters .
it is learned that this is the first medical and health system case in the whole country since the founding of the new china .
according to investigations , at 1630 hours on the day of the incident , a hospital in liaoyuan city 's central hospital suddenly stopped electricity . according to the hospital 's design , if the power supply was cut , the power gate would automatically jump to the deputy gate and continue to maintain the normal power supply at the hospital , but the electric lock was not automatically jumped . at that time , the head of the electric squad , zhang diankun , was forced to send the electric
the underground electric cables that braved cigarettes , more than 10 cables were thrown into a panic , and the cables like this were not as good as all .
therefore , the 57 - year - old liaoyuan textile company 's electric power installation team leader zhao yongchun , the liaoyuan electric company retired cadre ( senior engineer ) sun fenglin , the liaoyuan city center hospital , returned to the company to hire personnel , and three people were also arrested for suspected involvement in major accidents .
guizhou tourism attracts more than 100 tourists from china
guiyang , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to launch a new round of the six - party talks on the korean peninsula nuclear issue , said a senior official of the state administration of work safety here today
at 1:30 , five - year - old prayer raymond , wearing a green long - sleeved long - sleeved old man , sounded the alarm of the first tour of guizhou in china 's rural areas .
the tin lung tuen village is a village in guizhou 's village tourism development as well as a demonstration point for village tourism throughout the country .
as the year of the flood of the ming dynasty , the jewish army of the red army has made 600 - plus years of history .
here , one can see the great bandwidth of blue and white sons , the ancient han nationality culture and the traditional ornamental garments in the village of tallinburgh .
it is learned that the tianlong village relied on this cultural and traditional superiority , and began to develop rural cultural tourism in 2002 . the income of the village alone amounted to 3.8 - million yuan in 2005 . the total number of rural households in the village passed the feed transportation of tourism products by way of feed and buttons , and the per capita income of peasants has increased from over 130 - million yuan in 2002 to over 2640 yuan in 2005 .
the guizhou tourism bureau , director yang shengming , said that following the completion of the first - phase tour of tianlong tuen tuen mun , the special educational campaign on the new tourist attractions in the rural areas has been the theme of the new wave of the dragon and the fresh flowers . the various rural tourism activities in guizhou will reach 35 this year .
so far , guizhou has more than 130 villages and villages and tourism projects .
in january , the housing price in 70 cities rose 5.5 percent , and the shanghai housing price continued to slide .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to increase the export of more than 80 percent of the urban housing in january , according to the ministry of commerce
shanghai housing prices continued to slide .
the national development and reform commission , published by the national bureau of statistics on 16 june , showed that among 70 large and medium - sized cities , most of the housing sales prices rose slightly in january this year compared with the same month last year , and the hohhot 's and haohao xiu 's rise exceeded 10 percent . the shanghai housing sales prices continued to slide by a small margin , and the prices of shanghai 's housing continued to slide by 0.4 percent .
according to same breath statistics , in the first quarter of last year , shanghai 's housing sales prices rose 19.1 percent over the same period of last year , and subsequently there was a turn for the better . in the second half of last year , a slight decline was recorded .
in january this year , 70 large and medium - sized cities registered a 6.93 percent increase in housing sales , and the rate of increase was 0.2 percentage points lower than that in the previous month .
the rate of increase in newly - built houses was 18.93 percent , while the number of people living in the villages was 14.79 percent .
the central organization department has urged the more efforts to strengthen supervision over the selection and appointment of leading cadres and cadres
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the central organization department recently issued and distributed opinions on strengthening cadre supervision .
the opinions urged organization departments at all levels to proceed from the overall situation of strictly managing and caring for cadres , and carry out cadre supervision throughout the education and examination of cadres training and education ;
the opinion points out that the main task of organization departments in supervising cadres is to supervise leading bodies and leading cadres , with the focus on strengthening supervision over principal leading bodies ; and 2 ) supervision over the leading bodies of party and government leading cadres in selecting and appointing them . the emphasis is to grasp well the work of implementing the " regulations on selecting , promoting , and appointing leading cadres of party and government organizations " and the implementation of these regulations .
in the course of supervising leading bodies and leading cadres , the opinions pointed out that we must unswervingly grasp the education on ideals and convictions and the education on fighting corruption and promoting clean government , and make education permeate the education through the cultivation , selection , management , and supervision of cadres , guide and supervise leading cadres to strengthen their cultivation of party spirit , and uphold the building of the party for the people and governing for the people , and build a strong ideological and moral defense line for resisting corruption and
the work of appointing cadres to posts should be carried out in the aspect of honesty and self - discipline .
we must urge leading bodies at all levels to uphold democratic centralism , establish and improve rules and procedures for making decisions on issues , and conscientiously implement the system of combining collective leadership with individual division of work .
we must highlight and grasp the supervision , organization , and personnel of the principal responsible persons of leading bodies , and regularly hold discussions with the principal responsible persons of the leading bodies at the next level to understand their ideological work style and other situations .
establish and improve the system of day - to - day management and supervision of leading cadres , regularly understand and analyze the ideological and work conditions of the ranks of leading cadres , and propose opinions and measures for resolving problems .
the practice of admonishing leading cadres and the system of issuing letters and letters to them is necessary to promptly conduct admonitory talks or letters to answer them .
the problems that the masses have reported on leading cadres must be seriously investigated and understood , and problems that are really wrong and that they must be criticized and educated by the masses or according to the relevant organizations . the transfer of disciplinary and law enforcement agencies that constitute the violation of discipline and law , and the handling of those who have indeed not been found to have problems should be clarified by appropriate means .
at the same time , we should integrate strengthening supervision with encouraging cadres to boldly explore and innovate , and pay attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the opinions demand that party organizations ( personnel ) departments at all levels should effectively strengthen leadership over the selection and appointment of leading cadres of the party and government .
we should further improve the system of recommending cadres for examination and approval , and the decision on examining and approving them , and strictly implement the selection and appointment of cadres , so as to make the work of returning political achievements and the work of remembering the hard times of the people and the hard - earned cadres of the masses to leading posts at all levels .
we should strengthen supervision and inspection of the enforcement of the regulations on appointing cadres , and severely investigate and deal with acts that violate the regulations on appointing cadres , and resolutely check unhealthy trends and corrupt practices in personnel appointment .
the practice of setting up a supervision and inspection system for the use of personnel in serious violation of regulations and intensifying the supervision and handling of such cases .
establish and improve the system of investigating and affixing responsibility for the work of selecting and appointing cadres , and scientifically define the various links in the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres in accordance with the principle of unanimity in power and responsibility , and make clear the methods of holding people accountable .
and give full play to the role of mass supervision and establish and improve a safety and high - efficiency reporting mechanism .
and give play to the role of public opinion supervision and provide timely information to the media on the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres , and accept supervision by public opinion .
the opinions pointed out that it is necessary to further improve the mechanism of coordination and cooperation in cadre supervision .
organization ( personnel ) departments must strengthen coordination with discipline inspection organs , establish a system of supervision and inspection and management of relevant cadres ' work style and clean government , and link up the personnel system and the responsibility system to enhance supervision and cohesion .
and with the discipline inspection organs in seriously doing a good job in inspection work , improving inspection methods , perfecting the inspection system , and improving the quality of inspection tours .
and together with auditing organs to conscientiously implement the system of auditing economic responsibilities of leading cadres .
we should improve the internal supervision mechanism for the selection and appointment of cadres in organization departments .
hk , taiwan authorities take action against mainland investment in violation of regulations
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the taiwan authorities have decided to grant taiwan the status of a chinese citizen with a history of more than 20 years , one of taiwan 's prizher prizzards , one of the sizable islands of the mainland , to give a green light to taiwan 's economy , said chen jianyi , director of the taiwan economic affairs bureau of the taiwan authorities here on monday .
taiwan 's " china times " reported that this was the first time chen shui - bian [ chen shuibian ] has actively carried out management and has been an effective way of opening up cross - strait economic and trade policy . the taiwan authorities have imposed penalties on taiwan businessmen investing on the mainland .
it is reported that the economic affairs department of taiwan , which has been under review , said that the united microelectronics was fined because it violated the regulations governing the relations between the people on both sides of the strait and the procedures for investment or technological cooperation in the mainland region .
in the future , the zoo will still be able to make a decision on the situation , and the former chairman of the unita board , tsao hsing - cheng , and others will be fined .
the number of people who started the lianhe electric power case in february 2005 was more than one hundred people used by taiwan 's prosecuting department to attack several high - level personnel of the united microelectronics , claiming that the united electric company was suspected of investing and investing in the mainland 's science and technology , and providing funds and human resources for the inspection .
the chairman of the board of directors of the united microelectronics , tsao hsing - cheng , then said openly that unc electronics did not violate any regulations of the taiwan authorities , and that the company 's power supply and technology were to provide assistance for the long - term interests of the united microelectronics industry . if the company does not enter the mainland market as soon as possible , it will lose business opportunities .
later , the financial supervision and management committee of the taiwan authorities , using the " regulations " of the disclosure of commercial information , imposed fines of nt $ 3 million on the company .
on 9 january 2006 , the board of directors of the company received the resignation of cao xingcheng , and cao xingcheng had been dismissed for several hours after he was officially indicted for violating regulations on investment on the mainland .
the united microelectronics and taiwan 's comic circuit company ( called taiwan 's compartment ) , which is known as the " double wheel " of taiwan , is a high - tech enterprise on the island .
the taiwan authorities have been trying to make a series of actions to investigate and handle the case of the united microelectronics over the past year and have received great attention from people of all circles on the island .
hk , macau , taiwan enjoy traditional friendship
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the second session of the china international women 's federation ( macao ) , which is held here on february 17 , announced here today that it will send a " red tide " to chinese people around the world to the souls of macao with chinese characters in their hearts .
the sportsmanship competition was jointly sponsored by the macao foundation and the baihua publishing house , the " scattered and outer edition " , and chen jiangong , vice chairman of the chinese writers association , and others , as the chairman of the appraisal committee .
in 2004 , the fifth anniversary of macao 's return to the motherland was the first time that the macao monk culture tournament , which was held in my heart , was a grand event in macao , and the chinese literary lovers were actively responding to the competition . the organizing committee received more than 8,000 entries from the participating countries . more than 10 people at home and abroad were invited to the macao special administrative region for awards .
wu zhiliang , executive member of the macao foundation , briefed the press conference on 17 january that last year , the zongzai district was included in the list of world cultural heritage sites , which not only signifies the long - standing living style and community management model of the macao people , but also means that the chinese nation has been enjoying a different style of friendship and culture of the chinese nation , which has been inherited and developed in macao .
wu said that it was precisely under the guidance of this good cultural atmosphere that the macao foundation and the baihua publishing house " the songwen and oceangoing edition " decided to cooperate again and hold the second - ever exhibition of the birthday of macao , which i wish to see my second birthday , hoping that the participants would demonstrate the patriotic love of macao and the brilliant humanities and the stability of the special administrative region and the magnificent and magnificent feats of the sar .
according to presentations , the match ended on 1 september this year , and the " extract of text and sea " will open up special columns for the participating entries .
the results of the selection will be announced in early 2007 .
shandong has successfully implemented a new case of heart transplant operation for baby baby baby
jinan , february 17 ( xinhua ) the jiashi yao yao qin , a cardiac - affiliated cardiac disease research institute of the jinan military region , has successfully carried out a cardiac transplant operation recently .
on 17 january , this reporter saw in the seriously ill - treatment room that the baby was full of face and moisture in 51 days after the operation , and all monitoring and inspection indicators were normal and smoothly passed the operation dangerous period . it was playing with great interest the medical personnel bought toys for him .
according to the medical staff who received the medical treatment on the same day , the patient from tai an rural area in shandong was sent to the hospital by his parents , and his whole body was green and purple . after testing and diagnosis , he was suffering from the cyanosis propandropovic disease and needed heart transplant .
the heart transplant operation is the most difficult and most difficult one in the heart surgery .
in particular , the number of baby - aged cardiovascular transplant operations is currently vacant in china .
the jinan military region 's cardiovascular disease research institute organized experts to repeatedly verify and verify the incident and carefully designed the operation and post - operation monitoring plan , and made independent innovations to the method of keeping blood and keeping it in line with the method , and carried out experiments on animals .
on the morning of 28 december 2005 , the operation officially began .
the cardiac was found from a male body suffering from a pathogenic lung that caused a sudden diagnosis of breath .
the operation should be in line with six blood pipes and the sewing of more than 510 needles , and each needle is less than 3 millimeters .
after 295 minutes , the operation was completely successful .
china 's state administration of safety supervision : curbing frequent accidents in coal mines and other major accidents
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) china has suffered a major human smuggling case in the past two years , according to the ministry of public security
on 17 july , this reporter learned from the state administration of production safety that in order to truly check the excessive occurrence of major accidents , such as coal mines , the coal mine is the top priority .
this year , the state administration of safety and safety of coal mines will grasp the following three things :
the red army continued to fight the battle of fighting vales .
the management of vales will take more than 10 percent of the population of the country this year .
if the gas wells do not have a bumper , they will have to order them to immediately stop production according to law .
the chop continued to fight well the battle of closing down and closing .
we must make sure that the 5243 public notices , plus the recent reports of various localities , the more than 700 coal mines , will be issued to the public .
it is necessary to regard closure as a regular work , to continuously close down those enterprises that have caused pollution of resources and do not possess safety conditions .
zoe strengthened basic management of coal mine safety
it is necessary to immediately correct the practices of stopping the small number of large state - owned mines from skating , and guiding and managing small mines that are chaotic in management , and establish a standardized safety management system .
in particular , it is necessary to grasp key state - owned coal mines , and absolutely not allow excessive capacity to produce overheated and unnumerable personnel .
this year 's production safety control indices demand that the number of deaths of all types of accidents in the country decreased by 35.5 percent from last year , of which coal mines dropped by 3.5 percent .
a person who died more than 10 a year ago must have a drop of 55.2 percent , of which the mine has dropped by 7-7 percent .
these control indicators have been assigned to provincial people 's governments , and various localities are implementing the policy of " three represents " at the grassroots level and enterprises at every level .
statistics show that in 2005 , 59.86 million people were killed in coal mine accidents , a decrease of 0.77 percent over the same period last year .
however , the number of people killed in a major accident above 10 was on the rise , with 66.6 percent of the victims killed .
( international ) barroso calls on all parties to play a compromise in kosovo 's future status talks
xinhua news agency , belgrade , february 17 , by wire ( reporter yi he ) pristina : eu commission president barroso said on the 17 th in the capital of kosovo that the eu will continue to play a constructive role in the future negotiations of kosovo 's status .
barroso met with the ministers of the provisional authority of cote d'ivoire on the same day .
he also stressed that the eu commission will do everything it can to help kosovo develop .
barroso also expressed his appreciation for the efforts made by kosovo in implementing the eight standards set by the united nations .
he believed that the implementation of these standards is an important factor affecting the integration of kosovo and europe .
he also urged all serbia in kosovo to join the serb organizations in kosovo to make contributions to the realization of democracy and the integration of multi - ethnic groups .
barroso arrived in the capital of kosovo on the same day for a one - day visit .
earlier , barroso visited croatia and serbia and montenegro , and he will also visit the princess zavilion and bosnian serbs .
( winter olympics , stimulant agents ) news analysis : the distribution of a child may not be unclear .
dutch , february 17 ( xinhua ) the russian government has decided to send a military delegation to the baltic sea
xinhua news agency reporter gao ying
although italy has repeatedly issued a statement , the dutch prime minister , who was found to have used stimulant injury during the dutch winter games , may face the rare jail jail disaster , but judging from various circumstances , this situation is not very likely to happen in the current winter olympics .
the dutch winter olympic games opened on 16 november .
the next day , the international olympic committee announced that the dispatch of leonid has been out of the winter olympics . at this winter olympic games , she won two women 's 15 km personal medals in this winter olympics .
the international winter monuments alliance was formed on the same day to express its commitment to the two - year ban on the allocation of the women 's volleyball tournament .
the ioc has always stipulated that athletes are being investigated for using the means of stimulant at the olympic games and will be eliminated and deprived of their qualification for the competition , but they are not subject to legal sanctions .
however , according to italian law , athletes carrying and using stimulants are criminal acts . judicial organs are responsible for the direct arrest and investigation of the use of stimulant athletes .
in december last year , the international olympic committee and the italian government waged a year - long struggle to salvage the price of hard bargain . both sides agreed to hold a meeting in accordance with italian law to deal with the use of stimulant by athletes during the current winter olympics .
with the unremitting efforts of the international olympic committee , the italian side made a decision four days before the opening of the winter olympics , promising that the police would not enter the olympic village to search the athletes ' place during the winter olympics . however , the athletes with drug inspection will still be subjected to investigation by the italian procuratorial organ .
it is reported that the italian government supervises the dutch winter olympics officials , pesandrew , who has sent a string of redundant stimulants to the dutch procuratorial organ .
however , the ioc and peter pescadoret have not yet been confirmed .
russia 's winter diagnosis team , amikov , arrived at the kremlin 's capital city of moscow on the afternoon of 17 july , and repatriated lithuania to the country .
he was a member of the world anti - doping agency for many years , and chinese sports official shi kangcheng maintained that once a leaf is sent back to china , this incident will eventually be unresolved .
shi said that the ioc and the italian government have made important contributions to the olympic games in the past .
according to the previous italy 's experience in using stimulant to the athletes of the country , the number of people who were banned from the cult is only the two years of imprisonment and a period of removing the penalties .
therefore , italian senior correspondent pierre said that the dispatch of leonid into the prison is likely to be a microphythm , and most of them are fine .
pierre also said that although the italian court could conduct a trial without a seat , the italian police could not go abroad to send the liona back and take the sentence .
if the opa rebels refused to accept the verdict , the italian side would not have any way to take her .
news roundup : new epidemic sites continue to appear in countries around the world
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to launch a new crackdown on bird flu in africa , according to a report by xinhua reporters stationed abroad .
the world health organization confirmed on 17 july that three areas of egypt have been found dead in bird flu virus .
in europe , france has also discovered for the first time the virus of bird flu , and africa has been highly vigilant and strengthened prevention measures .
the who 's mediterranean sea advisor hassan bush said in egypt on 17 january that the current number of people killed in the bizarra prizzza in central egypt and three areas in the south of mingya has been found to have contracted the bird flu virus of the feezer 1 type in the south . the relevant departments of the egyptian government have started to kill poultry suspected of bird flu .
experts pointed out that egypt is a major source of migratory migratory birds in the middle east and north africa , and that migratory birds are likely to bring the bird flu virus into the country .
egypt has announced that it will ban the import of live poultry from abroad and strengthen quarantine work at border ports .
the capital of cameroon , yaounde , has been hit by a strain of 800 chicken farms in the past week .
cameroon has decided to suspend the import of poultry from nigeria , where the bird flu epidemic has occurred , and suspend the import of all poultry and pork on the border of the two countries .
the government of the khartoum government has also established a comprehensive epidemic monitoring network covering the entire territory within a short time , and the country 's basque center and the state veterinary laboratory are in an emergency awaiting order to launch the relevant 51 type virus which is covered by the virus at any time .
in europe , denmark and sweden initially ruled out the epidemic on 17 july .
the veterinary institute of sweden issued a report on the dead swans discovered this wednesday .
the danish national veterinary administration 's preliminary laboratory results also showed that the recent detection of 30 dead swans in denmark had not been infected with the avian flu virus .
however , the agriculture department said denmark still cannot take this lightly .
the romanian government has reported nine cases of bird flu in eastern europe since the beginning of this year , and world health organization experts said on 17 july in bucharest that almost all areas of the danube river delta region have had bird flu , and that romania may have to take the case seriously , and that it may be continuously threatened by avian flu in the next three or five years .
in bangladesh , asia , the government has adopted all necessary measures to prevent avian flu .
the government 's livestock service bureau has provided relevant officials with books on the prevention of avian influenza and has also organized poultry farmers to conduct training .
( newspaper clippings ) china 's first ever blood information management system to be established in zhejiang
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the blood center of zhejiang province revealed that china 's first blood data management and control network system was officially established and established in the center .
a person in charge of the blood center in zhejiang province said that this means that any citizen will be allowed to die in any county ( city ) region in zhejiang province in the future .
the responsible person further explained that if the import of relevant codes is made public , the system will not compensate the homeless for the loss of blood , and it will indicate that it does not conform to the conditions for this blood donation .
this will not only protect the personal health of the donors , but also effectively protect the legitimate rights and interests of the users .
moreover , when blood supply is tight , the donors and their relatives have the right to use their blood first . if you input the blood donors ' valid documents , you can immediately show the blood donors ' information , which is quite convenient .
according to the report of hangzhou " today morning news , " the information system has now been established in all 36 blood - collecting organizations throughout the province , and the blood - collecting and support organizations in the whole province are also able to display their blood resources in real time , and the data sharing of the whole province has been achieved .
to prevent the recurrence of landslide in 11 philippines villages
manila , february 18 ( xinhua ) philippine local officials said on the 18th that the 11 villages in the eastern philippines had been trying to prevent the recurrence of similar landslides in the region .
south leyd officials said that the country 's economy is growing at a faster pace than the country 's economy has been growing since the country 's economic growth was slowing down .
the 11 villages that have been evacuated will be resettled in seven centers .
lyas said : the government yesterday ordered residents to withdraw from the territory and sent people to inspect the village houses today . since some people do not want to leave their houses , they are not willing to leave their homes .
the 17 th landslide incident occurred in the southern part of the southern part of the southern part of the southern part of the southern part of the southern part of the province . from the tv screen , the soil and stone had been buried in the entire village , and only a few roofs could be seen .
due to the very thick soil and the great humidity , the soil was buried in the lower part of the people , and the hope was very unclear .
at present , 109 people have been killed and 57 others have been rescued .
it is estimated that the death toll may be as high as 1,800 .
( overseas chinese situation in the hometown of overseas chinese ) quanzhou , a new home in southern fujian , exported its first month of this year , up 35.2 percent over the same period last year .
fuzhou , february 19 ( xinhua ) the total amount of water used for export in quanzhou city continued to grow at a high speed in january this year .
according to customs statistics , in january , quanzhou exported 330 - million us dollars worth of goods , the highest in history , up 35.2 percent over the same period last year , which was higher than the average growth level of the whole province .
according to analysis by quanzhou city 's foreign economic and trade bureau , the reason for the rapid growth of quanzhou 's foreign trade in january was mainly due to the role of quanzhou 's many foreign trade support service measures , enterprises ' export enthusiasm is running high , quanzhou 's economy is operating vigorously , enterprises ' business confidence is increasing , and the highly efficient environment for foreign trade development is getting more and more smoothly .
