the two mobile computers that were found to have been stolen from princess wanda 's death investigation data
london , june 6 , 2007 ( afp )
the daily bulletin said that two of the books recorded the death of princess diana in paris in 1997 were earlier reported to have been sent to the office of the former cops chief .
the report pointed out that the theft case has triggered speculation that there might be a case of a secret police officer , steven vincent , who is the former cannon chief of the castle peak .
however , a spokesman for the metropolitan police station said that there was no sensitive information in the computer or related information .
sir stephen smith is the director of the british northward police agency , and his office is located in the area of the tamar new burg .
the report said that the secretary of the northian police station had been tracking two theft cases in the past 10 days .
a weekend holiday that took place from january 28 to 29 , including computers and cash were taken away , and the second case occurred last week , with no loss .
the norwegian police also said there was no evidence showing that the two cases were related to sir thisavat 's work .
steven van has been trying to trace the cause of her death because of the car accident .
the autopsy , the royal autopsy officer , bergis , ordered in 2004 to continue to trace the relevant evidence .
princess diana , who died in a paris tunnel accident on august 31 , 1997 , died together with her at that time , and her wife , fayad and driver .
after two years of investigation , the french police found that the drug was at risk due to drink driving and taking drugs , resulting in a car out of control and causing a tragedy .
the two sides agreed to hold talks in geneva in late june
afp , lulu , july 7 th
norway , the mediating process in the middle of the peace process , said that sri lankan warring groups agreed to start negotiations in geneva , switzerland , on the 22 nd this month , defusing the three - year - old stalemate in negotiations by all parties in an effort to end the decades - long ethnic bloodshed .
the norwegian special envoy for peace , solheim , held talks with barasan liberation tiger 's negotiator barshefhan in london , and obtained this breakthrough .
the norwegian embassy in beijing said in a statement that sri lanka is the only country in the conflict between the sri lankan government and the tamil tigers organization , demanding that the norwegian government help in the negotiations on the sidelines of the june 22 , 22 , in geneva .
the two - day talks will focus on how to strengthen the cease - fire agreement that came into effect on 23 february 2002 , and the agreement has not been fully observed by both sides .
the norwegian embassy pointed out that the two sides will discuss how to improve the implementation of the cease - fire agreement , which is also the first face - to - face talks held by the two sides on such a high - level .
solham said that he will lead the norwegian team to participate in the negotiations , and four representatives from the tamil liberation tigers will be led by balayush , while the sri lankan government will be led by the health minister .
he said that this is a small step toward the road of peace , but the process of negotiations is expected to be arduous .
the first face - to - face talks to resolve the ethnic conflict in sri lanka was held in japan in march 2003 but the tiger of the liberation of tanilan was cancelled the original plan to hold the seventh round of talks in thailand in april 2003 .
south korea to join hands in olympic games
italy , april 10 , 2007
the 20 th winter olympics opened in duilin today , at the opening ceremony of the 20 th winter olympics . the two koreas , who were mutual enemies during the cold war , and the two delegations joined hands at the opening ceremony .
south korean women 's speed skating competitor lee po - la has a close relationship with north korean man - style skating competitor han cheng - jen , who is the head of the two countries ' team , leading the south korean team to enter the winter olympic games stadium .
this is the first time that south korea and north korea have joined hands in the winter olympics .
in order to reflect the spirit of unity of reconciliation between the two sides in recent years , the 2000 sydney summer olympics and the 2004 summer olympics in athens , south and north korea teams both entered the games together .
north korea did not participate in the 19 th winter olympics in salt lake city , the united states .
the korean peninsula was split into a north korean - communist state of capitalism in 1948 and the two sides held a summit meeting in the 1950 - 1953 korean war period .
south korean leader holds peace summit in 2000 , the two sides have improved their relations .
the traditional team is the first country to enter the world cup , with the team of the south korea being the 22 nd team north of the 80 countries participating in the tournament .
the landlord national italy team was the last entry team , and the italian team was able to play a part in the sports event when the italian team entered the stadium .
hefman had been indulged in drug abuse and had been lucky to wake up to the start of the performing arts
new york , june 16 , 2007
the most commonly recognized figure is the oscar film , the movie , kobalchi , the cold bloody champion , the main player of the famous volleyball montale moschman , who is the main character of the cold bloody and white , who has revealed that he had been indulged in drugs and wine when he was young , and that he was able to successfully learn from his experience before he could start his career summit .
speaking in an interview with cbs news magazine , holman said that he was not surprised to get drugs and liquor during that visit .
he just made a 20 - point trip , and just graduated from the theatre department of new york university , he entered a quandy society , and every day he was rapidly rotating , and finally became a head - on , swollen , and lost control .
he entered the detention center when he was 22 years old , where he cut off the habit of alcohol and drug - dealing , which was the most panic in his life .
the oscar awards ceremony to be held next month will be held in the united states , where hefman explained the role of american writer kopoo as a movie " koo pubo : a cold bloodshed , a baby , was considered the most hopeful winning the best male lead prize .
before this , he had already won his acclaim for his excellent performance , and had won many recognition , including a golden ball prize best male lead .
the 38 - year - old actor said during the interview that if he had not made up his mind to change the habit of being bad before becoming famous , he might not have received the nomination of oscars .
he said he admired those 19 years old who suddenly became famous and touchy .
four traces of bird flu in europe , panama panic
brussels , june 16 , 2007 ( afp )
the avian flu virus has continued to emerge in europe , causing anxiety among the people .
the eu executive committee approved the establishment of another pronounced area control , including the management of all areas where the virus was discovered , and prohibited the transportation of birds and birds of biological deals .
the deadly h5n1 virus found in nigeria has killed more than 5-1 people in the country , and has spread to more farms since the eighth day of the virus , indicating that it has already crossed the national borders in the north to enter niger .
egyptian officials are investigating a sudden outbreak of a mass killing of chickens in a farm in southern egypt , worrying that the virus might continue to spread .
the chicken market in europe has been affected by the virus incident and has slipped downward by a large margin . the commission stressed that there is no reason to panic at all .
the executive committee is responsible for health and food safety , and the executive committee , dippono , said that the public 's concern for this matter is understandable , but there is no need for any overreaction .
after the virus detection point in the three - kilometer area surrounding the protection area and 10 - kilometer warning zone , the eu executive committee has also issued new regulations to list the discovery of the virus in all the eurozone , which is a buffer zone .
an eu official , who declined to be named , pointed out that everyone had grown nervous and that they were handling the cases of transmitting messages from various european countries all night .
so far , there have been a total of 2,500 residents in northeastern province of austria , croatia , germany , greece , romania , poland , poland , ukraine , russia , and other regions in europe . all of these areas have been tested as 5h1 virus , almost all of which are in northwestern europe .
romania discovered its 31 st case on the 16 th , and slovenia 's ruugen island , greece , and germany , has also discovered new cases .
italy 's southern part was found in two ducks that were the first wild wild geese in europe to be infected .
the eu officials are most concerned about the migratory birds that will soon fly back from africa .
the government of nigeria is stepping up its efforts to prevent the spread of the virus in africa to humans .
the government of nigeria announced that all the poultry farms in the five - kilometer area near the infected farms , regardless of whether they are threatened by the virus , will be destroyed .
neighboring country niger and japan announced a national alert and allocated 4 million us dollars to monitor and control the situation in the borders of nigeria .
the newly established national emergency committee said that they have received notification that under the border of the two countries , magia , with nearly 400 birds , the dead were killed .
the new regulation on the management of the business of the china electronic banking corporation will come into effect on 1 march .
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese bank has decided to raise the bank 's deposit rate to 1-4 - billion yuan ( about 3-4 - billion us dollars ) in the first half of this year , according to the china banking regulatory commission ( cbrc ) here today
a cbrc spokesman said that according to the regulations , the methods of examination and approval by foreign financial institutions have basically not changed , that is , after foreign banks ' branches have been allowed to operate internet banking business , if new internet banking business varieties are needed , the main report of the bank should be submitted to the bank for examination in a unified way .
to standardize commercial banks ' use of the internet to conduct banking business , the people 's bank of china formulated and promulgated the " interim procedures on internet banking management " in june 2001 .
a cbrc spokesman said that with the continuous development of the business of commercial banks , the interim procedures could no longer meet the requirements of the regulation of risks of electronic banking , and the cbrc has formulated two new regulations for this purpose .
according to a spokesman of the cbrc , the cbrc 's confirmation of the safety assessment institutions ' qualifications is different from the administrative licensing system that is different from the entry of industries or the qualification of enterprises . it is not a necessary condition for the evaluation institutions to conduct the ebanking safety assessment business , but it is only used as reference for the financial institutions to select the assessment institutions .
as long as the safety assessment organizations meet the relevant requirements and requirements , even if they do not have the confirmation of the quality of the banking regulatory commission , financial institutions may also employ them to carry out an assessment of the security of the electronic banking industry , they should manage the project according to relevant regulations .
the " procedures for the management of e - banking business " consist of nine chapters and nine chapters , which are divided into four categories , namely , application for management of risk management , exchange of management work , management of operation of operation , cross - border operations , management of operation operations , management of expenses for supervision of expenses , and supplementary units .
the " guidelines on the safety of e - banking " comprise five chapters and 57 articles , divided into four general assessment criteria for implementing the safety assessment of the safety assessment activities and supplementary provisions of the assessment mechanism .
" mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , chen yun on investigation and study " published
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the " selected works of mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu rongji , and chen yun " edited by the central literature research center was recently published and distributed by the central literature publishing house .
we should conduct investigations and studies in depth and persist in integrating theory with practice , and formulate and implement correct lines , principles , and policies . this is a basic experience of the cpc in leading the revolution and the basic work method for reform .
mao zedong 's qi zhili , liu shaoqi , zhu jingrong , and other revolutionaries of the older generation , made many important speeches on investigation and study .
the practice and results of their investigation and study are of great significance to guiding the cause of the party and the people to develop along the correct road .
" mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , chen yun 's expositions on investigation and study " are divided into three parts : the first part is the arguments of mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation about investigation and study , and the second part is a documentary on investigation and study by the older generation of revolutionaries such as mao zedong , and the third part is the three investigation groups and liu shaanqi 's deputy listed in
most of these reports were published for the first time .
in addition , there are two articles on the investigation and study of the central leaders in the 1950 s and 1960 s .
russia reiterates adherence to one - china policy
moscow , february 6 ( xinhua ) russian deputy foreign minister alekseyev said in a meeting with chinese ambassador to russia liu guchang on the 6th that russia adheres to the one - china stand .
alekseyev said that russia has noticed that chen shui - bian 's recent remark about taiwan independence .
the russian government has always upheld the one - china principle and firmly supported china 's efforts to realize the great cause of national reunification .
last year , after the chinese npc adopted the " anti - secession law , " russia took the lead in openly expressing support for the law .
alekseyev said that the russian foreign ministry will issue a statement as soon as possible , reiterate one china , oppose taiwan independence , and welcomes taiwan independence .
third chinese compatriot to suffer in south africa in two days
johannesburg , february 6 ( xinhua ) fuqing , a native of fujian province , china , returned home in the early hours of the 5th local time in south africa , after being robbed by local militants , on the morning of the 5th , local time . on the morning of the 6th , lin yixing , a native of fuqing , fujian , died after an emergency treatment .
feng yang , president of the federation of chinese communities in liberty , said that the incident occurred in the walcolm city of wellington , more than 130 kilometers northwest of burundi .
at that time , the owner , mr lam yixing , was collecting the items inside the bar and was preparing to end the one - day business .
at this time , three customers in the shop were also seen , one of them pulled out their pistol and rushed into the bar to commit robbery .
lin yixing , 40 , struggled with the ruffian . the ruffian fired a gun at lin yixing and fled afterwards .
the local people who were informed of the news and sent lin yixing to the hospital for treatment . because of the ruthless blood pipe that occurred in the entire body of lin yixing , the blood - soared blood was not stop until the blood was dispersed . at around 3 : 30 a. m . on 6 february , the local residents were killed .
on 6 february , the chinese consulate general in jordan , xu defu , consul general of the consulate general in jordan , and lin changming , vice chairman of the association of fellow compatriots in south africa and other people in south africa , arrived in burundi by car to help the family of the dead family deal with the aftermath of the incident .
lin yixing became the first three - member chinese who was shot and killed by the culprits within 36 hours , and also the fourth chinese who had been killed in south africa since the beginning of this year .
( newspaper clippings ) shanghai : part - time workers and graduates of institutions of higher learning become the main work force
beijing , february 7 ( xinhua ) the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau released on the 6th the 2006 most new hours of labor and social security instructional prices for workers , and the number of job posts reached 120 , 11 more than the last 11 , and there were reductions in original labor contracts .
according to the estimate of relevant experts of the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau , the number of hours working personnel in shanghai has exceeded 1 million .
according to a zhongguo qingnian bao report , graduates and part - time workers of institutions of higher learning are the major component of the work force for hours .
through direct investigation of nearly 8,000 hours of work , more than half of the people are part - time workers , and the percentage of them is 51.1 percent .
the cultural level of part - time workers is generally higher , mainly engaged in technical work , such as translation , part - time workers , as high as 81.7 percent , and the physical and mental health level reached 61.6 percent .
high income is an important reason why many people are engaged in hours work .
it is understood that the monthly income of individual posts can reach tens of thousands of yuan , and the same is hard to seek , just as it is transmitted in sound translation , and the monthly income of hours work can reach more than 2,000 yuan . for example , the part - time financial workers are in charge of weddings ceremonies .
satisfying individual interests and expanding one 's knowledge is also a point of favor for hours work .
for instance , mr. gu , who holds the manager of a company 's human resources department , will spend a few hours a week to handle the financial account of a foreign trade representative office .
mr koo believes that the biggest gain from part - time jobs is to keep up with the updating of his knowledge and to have opportunities to touch another field . of course , the income of 2,000 yuan per month also has a certain amount of attraction .
as some of the job posts are low , the job forms are flexible and free , and many graduates who are now seeking employment are gradually looking for jobs , 14 % of the work hours are graduates of tertiary and secondary schools in the past three years .
i did n't want to work for an hour at the beginning , but after doing a few months , i felt that i would be better than working on the fifth day of the morning .
after graduating from college students , the job they find was not as good as they were . finally , they were hung up at a hotel and played the background music with a piano .
i am quite satisfied with my current work , and i have a 100 yuan per hour , and the environment , what i am doing now is to find several hours of work , i do n't know how many hours i 'm going to work .
it is understood that the hours of work have become a bit of experience in the work of graduates seeking jobs , skills training , skills communication skills , and skills enhancement in social experience .
the graduates work on an hour mainly in knowledge and skill positions , such as specialized skills , and high - caliber translation jobs , the characteristics of the times , and the characteristics of the times .
the skills required for some of the job posts are not high , such as food sales promotion workers and salesperson , and unemployed personnel can get their jobs through simple training .
the data show that among the people in the hours , the original ratio of the unemployed is 39-9 percent , of which the proportion of the unemployed in the retail category is as high as 68.44 percent , and the proportion of the catering industry is 58.7 percent , and the work hours have become an important channel for the unemployed to find jobs .
wu bangguo inspects anhui
beijing , february 8 ( xinhua ) the chinese communist party ( cpc ) is a standing committee member of the political bureau of the central committee of the communist party of china ( cpc ) , wu bangguo , standing committee member of the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) , stressed during his recent inspection tour of anhui that the three deputies should take the important thinking of " three represents " as the guide , persist in commanding the overall economic and social development situation with the scientific development concept , conscientiously
from 6 to 8 february , wu bangguo successively visited wuhu , wuhu , and other places in wuhu , wuhu , and went deep into enterprises ' rural reform research institutes and institutes of higher learning to inspect their work .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui has the advantages of a stretch of land linking up southern and northern jiexi , which is an important agricultural region in china . it is rich in natural resources , has a good industrial foundation , has a strong scientific and technological strength , has a unique advantage in cultural and tourist resources , and has a huge development potential .
anhui should firmly seize the major opportunity to promote the rise of central china , unswervingly uphold the central task of economic construction , and conscientiously implement the central authorities ' principles and policies in light of the actual conditions in anhui , creatively carry out work , and implement the scientific development concept in concrete measures and in practical work .
we should sum up practical experience in a timely manner , fully rely on the masses , vigorously support reform and innovation , and continuously create a new situation in anhui work .
we should actively promote the building of a harmonious society , and persistently do a good job in safeguarding the fundamental interests of the overwhelming majority of the people as the starting point and the end - result for all our work , actively create conditions , gradually resolve the actual problems of the masses in difficulty , gradually readjust and distribute relations , gradually change the dualistic urban and rural structure , gradually narrow the gap between urban and rural areas , and safeguard social fairness and justice , so that all the people can share the
wu bangguo stressed : china has reached the stage of relying more on the enhancement of the ability to make independent innovations and the improvement of the quality of workers to promote economic and social development . only by making great efforts to promote scientific and technological progress and innovation can we achieve a leap in the quality of productive forces , and can we push economic and social development onto the track of scientific development .
we should establish and perfect as soon as possible systems and mechanisms that are conducive to innovation , increase investment in science and technology , encourage patent inventions , develop famous brands , speed up the transformation of scientific and technological achievements into real productive forces , strengthen the leading position of enterprises in independent innovation , and constantly raise the contribution rate of scientific and technological progress to economic growth .
we should support and encourage the participation of key technological elements in distribution , establish and perfect a statistical index system that reflects the ability to independently innovate , study and formulate financial and taxation policies that support innovation in such areas as financing for financial factors and government procurement , and form a policy system that encourages independent innovation .
we should cultivate the awareness of innovation in the whole society , vigorously advocate the spirit of daring to blaze new trails and compete , and focus on creating a good atmosphere in which people of talent come forth in large numbers .
wu bangguo pointed out : in the course of building a socialist country ruled by law , the npc has played an increasingly important role in administering the country according to law .
to do a good job in the work of the people 's congress under the new situation , first , we should uphold the correct political orientation , follow the path of developing socialism with chinese characteristics , and organically integrate the adherence to the party 's leadership over the people being the master of their own affairs and the rule of the country according to law .
second , closely revolving around the overall situation of the work of the party and the state , closely centering on major issues in reform , development , and stability , and centering on hot and difficult issues of common concern to the masses , and continually enhance the practical results of the work of the people 's congress .
third , we should give play to the characteristics and advantages of the work of the people 's congress , uphold democratic centralism , handle affairs according to the established procedures , and make decisions by collective .
we should persistently follow the mass line , be people - centered , exercise power for the people , have deep feelings for the people , and work for the interests of the people .
china has proposed a major scientific research plan for 15 years to come .
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has made great efforts to enhance china 's international competitiveness , promote sustainable development and achieve a major leap forward in the country 's medium @ - and long - term scientific and technological development program ( 2006 - 2020 ) , which was promulgated on the 9th by the state council , has drawn up four major scientific research plans .
the four major scientific plans are the magic weapon for regulating and controlling the magic research and development of nanima rice research and the research of the genetic protein .
the outline points out that protein science is a high ground in life science that developed countries are currently competing for .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on studying the study of polymer protein group study by the biology transfer group , the metabolic group , the mechanic structure , the biological function of protein biology , and the biomass associated calculation of biomass and system protein protein study , and the methods of white protein study and relevant applied basic research .
the outline also holds that quantum regulation and control research has a clear perspective and may have a significant impact on the economic development of human society in 20-30 .
china should focus on studying the carrier and the principles and methods of regulation and control of quantum communications , the new quantitative effect of the system of limited measurement and limited measure , the new principles and new technologies of the superficial regulation and control and measurement and the new technological foundation of the system of measuring and control .
in addition , the program points out that nanotechnology has become a strategic choice for many countries to enhance their core competitiveness and is also one of the fields in which china is expected to achieve leapfrog development .
in the next 15 years , china will focus its research on this field , including the controllable production of nanotechnology materials , the assembly and functional formation of nanometer , the holy field of physium biological physics and the nanometer surface of nanotechnology , and the medical and nanometer technology .
china has a large population growth , a large birth defect , a serious shortage of transplant organs , and the peak of aging population is approaching . therefore , there is an urgent need for breakthroughs in reproductive and reproductive scientific theories and technological innovations .
according to the program , china will focus on research on the formation of more stem cells and the regulation and control of these cells , and the maturity and suffering of fertilizer cells , the mechanism for the survival of human bodies and the mechanism for retreating of chronic diseases , and the safety and ethics of the auxiliary reproductive and stem cells technology .
shanghai housing price drops by nearly 7 percentage points
shanghai , february 9 ( xinhua ) the state land and land management plan ( draft ) for 2005 will be effective in shanghai , according to a report from the shanghai municipal bureau of statistics ( nbs ) .
according to the latest data released , shanghai 's housing and real estate industries registered a relatively marked decline or slackening in growth in all indices last year .
the increase in residential housing prices dropped 6.6 percentage points from the previous year , while the added value of the real estate industry dropped 4.1 percent from the previous year .
pan jianxin , director of the shanghai municipal bureau of statistics , said at a recent press conference that in 2005 , the average selling price of commercial residential housing in shanghai was 6,698 yuan / square meters , an increase of 313 yuan over 2004 .
the price of residential housing rose 9.2 percent year - on - year , a 6.6 percentage point drop in the year - on - year increase .
the annual added value of the real estate industry was 67.023 billion yuan , a decrease of 4.1 percent from the previous year .
of the outstanding loans of financial institutions , the balance of personal housing mortgage loans was 264.494 - billion yuan , with the newly added mortgage loans of only 9.94 - billion yuan in that year , while the new increase in loans in 2004 reached 72.809 - billion yuan .
pan jianxin said that judging from the sales prices of shanghai 's real estate throughout the year , the prices of commercial housing declined in a steady manner .
the statistical bulletin also shows that according to the latest data , in 2005 , the rise in real estate prices in shanghai has dropped somewhat , and the average selling price of residential commercial houses is 6,698 yuan per square meter , 313 yuan higher than in 2004 .
in 2005 , the price level of housing sales rose 9.7 percent from the previous year , and the increase rate was 6.2 percentage points lower than that of the previous year .
according to him , last year the shanghai municipality completed a total investment of 124.686 - billion yuan in real estate development , up 6.1 percent from the previous year .
the sales area was 315.887 million square meters , a drop of 9.55 percent .
the annual sales volume of commercial housing totaled 216.13 billion yuan , a decrease of 4.55 percent from the previous year .
two light plane crashes in new zealand
wellington , february 9 ( xinhua ) two new zealand light planes crashed at a speed of about 100 kilometers north of wellington , capital , on the 9th , killing two pilots of the flight academy .
according to a relevant responsible person of the local civil aviation department , the pilots of the two planes are all students of the school of flight of the marxi university . they are still undergoing training and have not yet obtained a flight license .
at the time of the incident , the two planes were in a non - air - control area . according to regulations , when flying in such a region , the pilots should be responsible for the navigation and safety of the aircraft .
a witness at the scene of the incident told new zealand media that he had heard a huge explosion while the plane was colliding , and he saw the aircraft rapidly crashed toward the ground .
another eyewitnesses also confirmed that they heard a huge explosion before the plane crashed and saw the rubbish of the plane .
the cause of the collision is not yet clear , and the local civil aviation department will investigate the incident .
argentine overseas chinese condemn chen shui - bian 's taiwan independence remarks
buenos aires , february 8 ( xinhua ) the chinese delegation , headed by overseas chinese and foreign nationals of chinese origin , arrived in argentina on tuesday for a one - day visit to argentina , and strongly condemned chen shui - bian 's recent taiwan independence remarks and opposed any attempt to separate taiwan from china .
the statement says that chen shui - bian declared in his speech on 29 january that he would abolish the imperial unification council and the national unification guidelines , a move that has taken at the crossroads of taiwanese independence .
the expectations of compatriots on both sides of the strait for peace , and the good wish of taiwan compatriots for peace and stability and development will face severe challenges .
the statement pointed out that resolutely opposing and containing separatist activities of the taiwanese independence movement and preserving peace and stability in the taiwan strait still remain the most pressing task for compatriots on both sides of the strait and all chinese people in the world .
the statement stressed that the argentine association for promoting china 's peaceful reunification is willing to unite with all overseas chinese and foreign nationals of chinese origin in argentina , and resolutely oppose any form of taiwanese independence , and actively promote china 's peaceful reunification .
prc expert : us advocation of prc military threat not justifiable
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a national defense research center in the united states in the next few days , and to make a report on the defense review of four years to congress , saying that china is the most likely new major power to pose a military challenge to the united states .
experts believe that this is an unreasonable accusation and exaggerating the china military threat theory , and is a interference in china 's internal affairs .
the " four - year defense review report " is a new defense guidance document for the pentagon .
the 92 - page report used three paragraphs to discuss china 's military strength and the countermeasures that the united states should take , which directly mentioned china 's 92 or chinese ' 92 or chinese ' -- these two phrases , saying that as a major regional and international organization , china is still the largest developing country with the united states in military competition .
yao yunzhu , a researcher at the world military research department of the chinese academy of military sciences , said : even though senior us officials have expressed similar viewpoints many times , this is the first report of the us department of defense strategy , which proposed that china should be a newly emerging power that is most likely to challenge military challenges .
the report clearly defines russia 's role as a newly emerging strategic opponent , especially the so - called military threat theory in china .
major general peng guangqian , research fellow of the chinese academy of military sciences , said :
it is noteworthy that , in the same report formally submitted to the " four - year defense review , " us president bush also submitted to congress a government budget for fiscal 2007 , including a defense budget of 43.93 - billion us dollars .
if the united states is to add the additional budget for military actions in iraq and afghanistan , the us national defense budget for fiscal 2007 will exceed $ 500 - billion , setting a new high , peng guangqian said , " it is almost the same thing for this , " it is almost equivalent to the total military expenditure of all other countries in the world . "
peng guangqian held that the us speculation of the threat from other countries reflects the pentagon 's consistent style of creating an enemy 's + style , and its real purpose is to win more national defense funds and provide a false impression of the huge us arms industry group .
experts say that compared with the huge military spending of the united states , china 's national defense spending is very limited .
military experts deng hongzhou , who had participated in many times in the drafting of china 's national defense white paper , said : since the 1990 's , as the economy developed , china 's national defense expenditures have increased somewhat , but the proportion of the state 's financial expenditures has been on the whole decreasing trend .
official statistics show that china 's defense spending accounts for over 10 percent of the state 's financial expenditure in 2004 compared with 1979 .
china 's national defense spending in 2005 was 244.656 billion yuan , only about one - tenth of the us total , and the per capita military spending of the people was only about one - sixth of the us figure , and the per capita military spending was about one - thirty of the us military .
the area of the united states is roughly the same as that of china 's territory , but the difference in military spending is so huge , who is in fact the military force that exceeds the proper defense needs ? this is quite self - evident .
peng guangqian said :
teng jianqun , director of the research department of the china arms control and disarmament association , said that the us side should objectively assess china 's military construction , and china 's peaceful development does not mean that china and the united states will become military rivals in the future .
the white paper entitled " china 's national defense in 2004 " says that china firmly follows the path of peaceful development and practices a defensive national defense policy .
china did not have a player in the past or at present , nor will it pose a threat to any country .
so far , china has not established military bases in any other country , nor has it sent a single soldier to other countries , but the united states has more than 100 military bases overseas , and it has only deployed military bases in asia , with more than 100,000 troops .
zhu feng , professor at the international relations college of beijing university , said that china and the united states should , through the established channels , increase communication and exchanges , enhance understanding and mutual trust , comprehensively advance sino - us constructive cooperative relations in the new century , and jointly promote world peace and development .
( winter olympics ) the opening ceremony of the turin winter olympics will be a great show of passion
xinhua news agency , turin , february 9 ( reporter ding ying and yan tao ) the opening ceremony of the 20 th winter olympics will be held at the turin olympic stadium at 8 : 00 p.m . on the 10th local time .
on 9 july , the organizing committee of the turin winter olympics revealed to reporters the brilliant arrangements of the opening ceremony ahead of time .
speaking at the opening ceremony , the chairman of the organizing committee , castro , said at the press conference that the opening ceremony had cost 10 - million euros and gathered together top italian talents in all fields .
he said : the evening of 10 july will be unforgettable . at that time , 350,000 viewers in the conference venue and some 2 - billion television viewers in the world will see a grand opening ceremony full of intense emotions and success .
the warm flames of the flames were still loud and bright five rings of the peace of the wuhuan mountain and the white snow and cattle in the alps will appear at the opening ceremony . the director said that the director said that the rough of the operative flower will become the theme of the opening ceremony and the biggest project of the history , as the highlights of the olympic games , he will demonstrate to the people of italy 's long history and vitality .
italian famous design master amani specially designed his clothes for the opening ceremony , the famous italian fashion brand mogki will present the guided personnel for the athletes ' admission ceremony .
however , is the famous italian tenor pasotti going to sing a song at the opening ceremony ? the organizing committee will keep this suspense in the end ?
eight ice - flowing athletes will use three meters of long distance to shoot out the flames .
the organizing committee officials held that this was the most satisfactory creative work they had received during the opening ceremony .
as for how to ignite the main torch , the organizing committee did not disclose it earlier , but the main torch tower , which is as high as 57 meters , will light up the residents of the alps nearby .
white house announces bush 's planned visit to pakistan and india in march
washington , february 9 ( xinhua ) a white house spokesman said that the united states has been " very concerned " with the recent " anti - secession law " and " anti - secession law " , which has been sparking strong repercussions in the islamic world , but president bush will continue to make a decision on the issue of the islamic republic of pakistan and india in march according to the plan .
mcclellan said that bush is looking forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he also said that arrangements are being made for this visit .
mcclellan made the above remarks while holding various demonstrations in some areas of pakistan to protest against the prejudice against the islamic knowledge mohamed .
in january this year , when bush met with pakistani prime minister aziz at the white house , both sides expressed the need to strengthen friendly cooperation and jointly crack down on terrorism that jeopardizes the security of the two countries .
bush also said that at the invitation of the pakistani and indian governments , he will visit pakistan and india in march .
hamas seeks to form cabinet to achieve breakthrough
ramallah , february 9 ( xinhua ) hamas has formed a cabinet to seek a breakthrough
xinhua news agency , wang hao , huang min
the palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) has won a victory in the legislative elections , how to draw a blueprint for the new government has become the focus of attention in the world today .
what new policy hamas will pursue will directly affect the relevant parties in the peace process in the next step of their policy direction .
at the same time , the resistance attitude of the united states and israel has added more variables to the prospects of the hamas government .
at present , all sides in palestine are stepping up consultations to reach a consensus on the difficulties and sensitive points in the formation of a cabinet that will touch on the development of the situation in the future .
who has spent the premier post ?
after hamas won the cabinet , some people were worried that the current top leader , abbas , might have disagreements with the current hamas prime minister .
in addition , hamas leader mashel , who is visiting egypt , stressed that the new palestinian government led by hamas will not recognize israel , and this strong signal has also aggravated the international concern .
the united states and israel have clearly indicated that they do not accept a hamas government that has real power , and this threatened to suspend economic aid to palestine and to hand over taxes to palestine .
however , this does not prevent hamas from making flexible strategic adjustments , and it is a compromise to elect an independent person .
according to reports , in order to obtain international recognition to the maximum , hamas leaders , home and abroad , who gathered in egypt , recently decided to select the independent people 's sheikh ahmad al-jahmad al-hah , chairman of the board of directors of the saudi islamic university , to become the new prime minister .
this move has not yet received any response from the parties concerned .
palestinian analyst hussein said that the most crucial thing for the prime minister to be elected is to lessen hamas 's hard - line color as far as possible , and only by so doing will it be possible to succeed in forming the cabinet .
how should power be distributed ?
internally , the biggest challenge facing hamas in forming a cabinet is its lack of sufficient governing experience .
according to an article in the palestinian " sunshine , " hamas has gathered its people through social welfare projects , but it lacks experience in governance , and has no connection with the palestinian national liberation movement ( fatah ) , which has the governing experience .
after the election , hamas proposed establishing political partnership with fatah to jointly establish a national coalition government , but fatah has not given a positive response to this .
fatah has different opinions on whether to join the cabinet . one faction advocates to join the new government and then the other is rejecting hamas 's invitation and is willing to make a recommendation on the legislature , a positive opposition faction .
informed sources pointed out that , under abbas 's persuasion , fatah gradually tends to join the new government .
even so , hamas and fatah will also hold talks on the distribution of cabinet posts .
in addition , the other way is to set up a framework of the legislative yuan and to separate the cabinet of the parties .
it is reported that hamas has also designed a clean - up expert - style government , but the specific list is unknown .
in view of the attitude of the united states and israel , the technical expert - type government is also unable to be regarded as a form of forming a cabinet that will reduce external pressure .
according to the provisions of the palestinian " basic law , " after the new legislative council takes office on 16 june , the work of nominating the prime minister and forming the cabinet will be completed within three to five weeks .
what course will armed forces follow ( subhead )
the weapons in hamas are another thorny issue facing the new government .
the united states and israel are very tough in their attitude , and they resolutely demand that hamas abandon violence and reject its armed participation in government and political affairs .
hamas leader mashel stressed on 9 july that armed resistance is a strategic choice of the organization .
the question of armed forces actually includes the legitimacy of weapons and the management of the ownership of armed forces .
hamas was elected the first major legislature through a democratic and free way , and was recognized internationally . as a result , the armed factions under hamas were legalized , like a legalized one , that is , it was to bring it into the government 's security organs .
hamas once proposed that all factions be reunified to be armed forces of the palestinian national authority , but did not receive a wide response , and it was also rejected by the palestinian islamic jihad ( jehadi ) .
palestine now has over 60,000 security personnel and the overwhelming majority of them come from the fatah camp .
in addition , fatah also has some armed factions that are loose in organizational relations , such as the al-aqsa martyrs ' brigade , the fatah organization , etc.
hamas , which is in charge of forming a cabinet , must reach an agreement with abbas on how to manage these armed forces that are each doing its own affairs , and rationally distribute security management authority .
according to local media reports , abbas intends to take charge of security and intelligence units , police , civil defense agencies , and other organizations , and the interior ministry of the new government will centralize the management of the security and intelligence units .
however , the parties are still holding consultations on this sensitive issue , and so far no further details have been found .
china issues polar exploration report
beijing , february 10 ( xinhua ) the state oceanic administration ( soa ) issued a 2005 china polar exploration report here today , which is the first time in china 's polar exploration activities over the past 20 years
the " report " comprehensively reflects the magnificent eye - catching logistic support for polar scientific research activities conducted by china in 2005 , such as the polar region logistic support area .
according to the " report , " at 22:15 hours on 9 january 2005 ( beijing time ) , the ice cover examination in the interior of the antarctic successfully landed at the antarctic inland ice cover highest ice - covered area in the antarctic . on 18 january , the icecap also successfully climbed to the qiong composite area at 3:15 hours ( beijing time ) , setting the highest point at the ice - blue bowl .
hubbub is on the increasingly fierce international polar observation stage , the chinese people 's strong will and fearless spirit and they are bold in opening up new fields . first , they have carried out a study of the highest point of point in the southern far east of the icecap , and succeeded in achieving another dream in the south of mankind .
sun zhihui , director of the state oceanic administration , said :
the " report " shows that on 24 march 2005 , the 21st antarctic expedition team of china successfully completed its mission and returned to shanghai . the 151 - day investigation lasted 26,500 nautical miles .
on 18 november of the same year , the 22nd antarctic expedition team of china left shanghai to conduct scientific expedition at the antarctic zhongshan station and to leave the zhongshan station for australia by the end of february 2006 .
since it was the first time in china that the polar exploration report , the 2005 china polar exploration report , also set out the " china polar research report " for china 's polar exploration project which started in the 1980 s .
according to the " report , " china formally joined the " antarctic treaty " in 1983 , became a member of the antarctic treaty organization , and successively became a member of the nanti scientific research committee , the nanti bureau of bureau of bureau of bureau of bureau of bureau of bureau of bureau of bureau of bureau of bureau of bureau of bureau of bureau of bureau of directors of nanji , and other members of the most influential international organization for antarctic affairs .
in 1997 , china became a member of the arctic science committee , and won the right to speak and make policy decisions in international polar affairs .
the " report " points out that over the past 20 - plus years , china 's polar observation has been completed from scratch to place , and has constantly developed a scale . three stations have formed a first - line survey system of the nannong wuxi north pole , namely , the southern pole longcheng station established in february 1985 , the nanchi zhongshan station established in february 1989 , and the beiji station established in july 2004 , as well as the southern china north
according to the " report , " by the end of 2005 , china has organized 22 antarctic scientific observation trips , two of which were called the " xiliang " [ ji ji ji ] north polytechnic inspection of the north pole yellow river station , which carried the sssssssssongstorm station , and more than 3,000 members of the national team have visited the ndexi nga to conduct on - spot inspection in nanning .
+ huo , we are currently working on the establishment of the third antarctic research station , and are also china 's first inland antarctic inland inspection station to conduct feasibility study .
sun zhihui said :
after more than 20 years of hard work , china 's polar exploration project has occupied a place in the world 's polar exploration , but it is not the same as other major polar exploration countries .
he said .
sun zhihui revealed that china will publish a report on polar exploration every year in the future .
castro , china to enhance cooperation in science , education
havana , february 10 ( xinhua ) cuban president fidel castro met with visiting chinese vice premier chen guangyuan here today , and both sides expressed their willingness to further strengthen cooperation in education , science and technology
president castro warmly welcomed state councilor chen to visit cuba .
he said : cuban - chinese relations are very friendly . frequent exchange of high - level visits between the two countries has effectively promoted and strengthened friendship and mutual understanding between the two sides . he hoped that the two countries will continue to deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in various fields , including education and science and technology .
chen zhili said : cuba is an influential country in latin america and the caribbean region .
the friendly exchanges between the chinese and cuban peoples date back to ancient times .
cuba was the first latin american country to establish diplomatic relations with new china .
after entering the new century , under the care and promotion of leaders of the two countries , mutual political trust between the two countries has been deepening , the fields of cooperation have been expanding , and mutual support and cooperation in international affairs have entered a new period of all - round development of sino - cuban friendly relations .
she believed that with the joint efforts of both sides , the friendly cooperation between china and cuba will surely yield even greater results .
chen zhili also pointed out that the chinese government has always attached importance to exchanges and cooperation with cuba in the field of education .
in recent years , the two countries have seen increasingly close educational exchanges and frequent personnel exchanges .
china actively supports the international conference held by the cuban side and has sent delegations to attend all the world higher education conferences and the 2005 conference on eliminating illiteracy .
cuba has a high level of elementary education , and hopes to further strengthen exchanges of relevant experiences in the future .
chen zhili said : china and cuba have their own advantages in scientific and technological research and development . through cooperation in various fields , both sides can achieve a win - win situation .
the chinese side is willing to provide assistance to cuba in some scientific research and equipment , and hopes to play a positive role in cuban scientific research and production .
she also briefed castro on china 's strategy of rejuvenating the country through science and education and the situation of the national science and technology conference .
chen zhili arrived in cuba on 9 february local time at the invitation of the cuban government to begin his visit to cuba .
during this period , chen zhili met with cuban minister of higher education vincent siew and inspected the jiawat university 's information science university , ho thi ma high school and st. mary mary , a college .
construction of seismic pipe on beijing - ha highway
harbin , february 11 ( xinhua ) a total of 1-4 - million people were killed and more than 10 injured in a traffic accident on the beijing - harbin highway at about 2300 hours on february 10 , causing some road sections to be closed .
according to the police of the traffic police unit of the shuangcheng city public security bureau , at about 2300 on 10 april , a three - vehicle collision occurred at a place 58 km from jingha . a truck of a single carriage of a gas tank and a vehicle bumped together . a fissures were found in the oil tanker . the wastes and oil loaded inside were flown onto the road surface .
it is understood that the oil tanker is carrying wastes after producing coke .
because of high dust and low dust , and fears of the danger of fire in past vehicles , the departments concerned have closed the road at the scene of the accident .
some highways from harbin to shuangcheng will be closed , and many vehicles will bypass .
at present , the departments concerned are screening the scene and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
hutchison whampoa and huangpu military academy announced that they would go public in italy .
hong kong , february 11 ( xinhua ) hutchison whampoa limited announced on the 11th that its affiliated three telecommunications service company , italy 's hutchison whampoa corporation , will be listed on the stock market in taiwan .
huo jianning , general manager of the huo huangpu group , said that although the three italian companies have been approved to list the market , since the prospectus must be completed within the next few weeks , the time is too hasty .
meanwhile , the current european telecommunications market is weak , and the market may not be able to give italian a three - year itinerary suitable for listing in this time .
in view of the fact that shareholders are most interested in the matter , they have decided to postpone the listing .
as to when to list the stock market , mr fok said that it would depend on future telecommunications market in europe .
he held that during the period from now to the time of the prospectus , three italian investors ' education activities need to be launched so that the global investment market for telecommunications will have a clearer understanding of the strong performance and favorable prospects of italian companies at present .
according to media reports , one of the investment banks of the italian synergy three , goldman sachs , agreed to sell the three chinese banks in the form of private matching , holding 10percent of the original three italian - based stocks , before the end of march this year .
china , myanmar enjoy good potential for economic ties
yangon , february 12 ( xinhua ) chinese ambassador to myanmar fu mu and minister of economic and trade affairs tang hai were present at the opening ceremony of myanmar premier soe win on the eve of his visit to china on the 14th . they said that the economic and trade relations between china and myanmar are now rich in content , diverse , mutually beneficial and mutually beneficial situations in burma .
ambassador guan mu said : in recent years , the sino - burmese good - neighborly and friendly relations , established on the basis of the five principles of peaceful coexistence , have been consolidated and developed . exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been expanding and deepening , and economic and trade relations between the two countries have been constantly expanding and strengthening .
counselor tang hai said that the high - level exchange of visits between the two countries has effectively promoted the development of economic and trade cooperation between the two countries .
during the 2004 high - level exchange of visits between the two countries , the two sides signed 33 documents on economic and trade cooperation , most of which are being implemented and implemented .
he said : the figure was 1.14 - billion us dollars in 2004 , 12.09 - billion us dollars in 2005 , of which china 's exports were $ 935 - million and imports were $ 274 - million .
in bilateral trade last year , trade between china 's yunnan and myanmar reached 6.30 - billion us dollars , up 14.66 percent from the previous year .
tang said myanmar has become a major market for chinese enterprises to contract the project , and the main project of the project includes the construction of a bridge bridge and factory for the construction of a bridge and a factory ( like a cannibalized factory , a textile mill , a cement factory , a metal factory , and a paper factory ) .
chinese enterprises have started their engineering business in myanmar , which has brought along the export of all types of machinery and electrical products in china , and myanmar has become one of the major markets for china 's export of complete sets of equipment and electrical and mechanical products .
according to chinese customs statistics , in the past five or six years , the export volume of machinery and electrical products has accounted for about 450 percent of china 's total export volume to burma .
counselor tang also said that myanmar has abundant natural resources and that china has already started to invest in burma 's natural gas nickel mining and other resource development projects . there is a great potential for the development of sino - burmese economic and trade cooperation .
he hoped that chinese enterprises would have a long - term view , learn to avoid risks , make prudent policy decisions , establish a good enterprise image , and ensure that the quality and quantity of the projects are completed as scheduled so as to win glory for the country .
both the ambassador to the pipeline and counselor of the tang hai said that prime minister soe win 's upcoming official visit to china is a major event in bilateral relations this year , and is of great significance to enhancing political mutual trust , promoting bilateral cooperation , and further promoting the development of good - neighborly and friendly relations between china and burma .
it is expected that the two sides will sign several documents on economic and trade cooperation during the visit .
world bank to reduce debts of poorest countries
moscow , february 11 ( xinhua ) world bank president wolfowitz said in moscow on tuesday that the world bank would completely exempt debts from the poorest countries by the middle of this year .
wolfowitz held talks with the finance ministers of various countries who came to attend the g - 8 finance ministers ' meeting in moscow on the same day .
in a statement issued after the meeting , he said that the bank would implement the debt relief and reduction plan before july 1 this year , and that the bank is now finalizing all technical work .
last year , the world bank 's donor countries completely exempted from the debts owed by 28 countries and indicated that they would fill the funds for the relevant trust funds .
the imf 's creditor 's rights are relatively small , and the imf started to reduce or exempt debts at the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz 's decision to waive the debts of 16 african countries was welcomed .
hdtv becomes mainstream in us
new york , february 12 ( xinhua ) the new york - based electro - chiu chi television set set prices for high resolution television sets ( chi fu ) and the downward slide of the market have been continuously expanding , and us television media have also stepped up their efforts to introduce corresponding tv programs for high - definition tv programs .
the recently - disappearing american super - soccer ball game has become a major event for american broadcasting industry to greet the era of tallying .
according to a financial times report , the us congress recently passed a bill , stipulating that american broadcasting industry figures must stop all broadcasting on february 17 , 2009 , the current mock television signal , and that only digital signals can be broadcast .
this means that the comprehensive digitization of american tv programs has already had a clear timetable .
the popularization of high resolution digital television on the one hand requires consumers to buy tv sets , and on the other hand , it depends on the production agency to provide high - resolution digital programs .
although digital television has been repeatedly mentioned in the past few years , it has never become a reality .
this problem has taken a turn for the better this year .
according to a forecast by the american consumer electronics association , the number of digital television sets sold in the united states will exceed the traditional tvs for the first time , while 85.0 percent of the digital tv sets will be high resolution products .
japanese researchers have developed new highly efficient human kidney
tokyo , february 13 ( xinhua ) a research team of the east china sea university of japan has developed a biological human kidney - making kidney , which is not only of the same functions as human kidneys , but also has the function of retaining the use of material , and is small in volume and easy to transplant . as research deepens , it is expected to bring about good news for patients with kidney diseases .
according to a recent report by the nihon keizai industrial news , the newly developed biological man - made kidney is mainly composed of two parts , with some being the wiping out of the water and the filtration of the kidney - building , another part of the kidney - building from the original urine , the hydrogen diamond , and other types of blood returned to the motherland , and the family of the family of the family of the three , who returned
the village has a small number of problems , such as the kidney project and the slaughter of the people , but the small area has been formed by the silverstrum , and the residents have also been covered with the urine of the substitution of waste .
this type of skin cells can cause multiple blood analysis and analysis of diseases , which caused a serious dietary powder variation due to a physical dividing of the therapeutic acid and returning to blood , and at the same time , it can also enable the panels and the coalesium that are essential to body to enter the blood subsistence and minerals .
in the past , the differences in human - made kidney that relied on the permeable pressure to filter and filter the waste cannot be completely removed , and there is no such problem as removing hydrocaric acid into the blood .
researchers used mountain sheep to conduct experiments on biological human kidney transplant , and the cannon walls inside the artificial silk wire used pig 's upper skin cells .
two weeks later , researchers confirmed that human kidney had been able to function .
at present , they are developing and using human kidney cells and will be testing their safety before they start clinical research .
china 's power industry still faces severe challenges
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) a responsible person of the state power supervision and management commission ( ssasac ) said on the 13th that although the power safety production in 2005 remained stable , the power safety production still faces a severe challenge .
shi yubo , vice - chairman of the state power supervision and management commission , made the remark at the fifth meeting of the national electricity safety production committee ( enlarged ) held here today . he said that china 's power safety production in 2005 was stable , and the task of power generation to meet the summer peak had been successfully completed . china has achieved safe power supply , actively dealt with natural disasters , and basically ensured the safe and stable operation of the power system , reduced power safety equipment accidents and general
however , he pointed out that with the changes in the situation of power supply and demand and the successive commissioning of a large number of newly built power generating units , the power safety production will face new challenges .
these challenges include : regional falls for seasonal periods of electricity shortage , and the situation of power supply and demand in some regions remains rather tight , and the benign mechanism for power - supply and coal has not yet taken shape , leading to a greater problem in the supply of electricity and coal , while the problem of the decline in the quality of electricity coal has not been effectively controlled , which will have a serious impact on the stable operation of power generating units , and some of the weak structure and out@@
shi yubo said : as the reform of the power system deepens , many deep - seated contradictions will continue to be exposed . how to maintain the stability of the workers ' contingent and ensure normal production order will become a new problem .
in view of the 2006 power safety production work , shi yubo said that it is necessary to further consolidate the basic work in the management of power safety , speed up the establishment and improvement of emergency management mechanisms for power safety , raise the ability to deal with emergencies , strengthen coordination and cooperation of power plants and power networks , jointly safeguard the safety of the power system , continue to do a good job in the safety supervision and management of the dam and the construction of the dam , and strengthen the
it is reported that in light of the new situation in power safety management , the commission of power industry will inspect the newly promulgated " interim regulations on investigation of power production accidents " this year . at the same time , the work of protecting the safety of the dam of the power station and the second system of power supply will be carried out one after another this year .
in 2005 , china 's power consumption in the whole society reached 2468.9 - billion kilowatt hours , a year - on - year increase of 13.455 percent .
in the face of the still tight supply and demand of power , the contradictions between coal , power , oil , and transportation , and other unfavorable conditions , all power enterprises have earnestly adopted effective measures to strengthen the management of equipment , and there was no major equipment accident in the country 's power industry for the whole year of last year .
there were 74 power grid accidents , a decrease of 127 compared with the same period last year , and 427 equipment accidents occurred , a decrease of 132 compared with the same period last year .
the south african embassy in china said there is no such thing as a suspected involvement of the chinese citizen in the province
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) south african embassy 's temporary representative to china , fu kanging , on tuesday met with a xinhua reporter , saying that the south african government has no dispute with organizations affiliated to the south african union against chinese citizens .
he also said that the south african government will do its utmost to crack down on all kinds of criminal activities .
the south african government hopes to reduce the crime rate to zero , and hopes that every person in south africa who works for a foreign will have a safe life and property , fu said .
since 2006 , four chinese citizens have been killed in south africa , and the chinese world has expressed widespread concern over this .
the chinese foreign ministry has made representations to south africa over this and reminded chinese citizens residing in south africa to further enhance their awareness of security and to strengthen unity and friendship and cooperate with the police in cracking down on criminal activities .
xiang huaicheng expressed the most sincere sympathy and condolences to the victims ' families .
fu kangning said that we are sorry for this and also ask the chinese people to believe that the south african government is now investigating every case involving china .
according to the chinese embassy in south africa , the south african police have successfully cracked a case on the murder of chinese woman chen jianqing in south africa on 5 february . a suspect has been arrested .
the police are now hunting another suspect .
according to the south african embassy in china , the criminal involved in the shooting and killing of hong kong businessman was arrested by south african police in january this year , and the property of the victims has been recovered .
on the possible impact of the incident of chinese citizens ' murder , fu konin held that these incidents indeed would have a negative impact on trade and tourism between the two countries and on other areas . he said that , judging from the long term , the impact should not be too negative .
according to nelson , the tourism commissioner of the south african embassy , the embassy has issued more than 2,000 chinese tourists to south africa in the first 15 days of this year alone .
according to official statistics of the chinese government , south africa will continue to maintain china 's position as the biggest trading partner in africa in 2005 .
the volume of bilateral trade reached $ 7.27 billion , a 23.0 percent increase over the same period last year .
however , people in the tourism industry believe that the successive incident of chinese citizens ' murders in 2004 has a significant impact on the number of chinese tourists to south africa .
according to statistics from the south african tourism bureau , in the first half of 2005 , there were 20,331 chinese tourists visiting south africa , a year - on - year decrease of 14.99 percent .
at present , there are about 200,000 chinese living in south africa , covering all the cities and villages in south africa .
analysts here believe that the gap between the rich and the poor in south africa is wide , the unemployment rate is high , and guns are rampant , and there is no threat of death penalty , so the crime rate is high .
many chinese do not understand english , and they have cash with their families , and this is easier for them to seek financial attacks .
hk promotes english learning and training
hong kong , february 13 ( xinhua ) the professional english campaign , sponsored by the hong kong special administrative region government , launched on the 13th a new program aimed at raising the english standards of more working people .
this young man who studied hard in english and has a rich life as his theme , including promoting professional english through a series of promotional activities , and giving employers a better understanding of how to help their employees improve their english standards .
so far , the scheme has sponsored nearly 25,000 people to complete workplace english training courses , enabling them to meet the relevant workplace english benchmarks in hong kong .
hong kong 's professional english campaign was launched in 2000 .
a major project of the workplace english campaign is to provide funding support for workplace english training .
the scheme aims to help employees who need to use english in their work to receive training and to attend the specified international business english examinations , to meet the relevant requirements of the workplace english standards .
free voluntary screening system for hiv / aids in hebei province
shijiazhuang , february 14 ( xinhua ) the public health department of hebei province recently issued a " list of provinces in hebei province for the implementation of voluntary consultation and testing of aids ( trial scheme ) " , which clearly stipulates that the examination and testing of hiv / aids is carried out on a voluntary basis , and hopes to discover hiv carriers and patients to the maximum , further implement preventive interventionism and four - year - old policy to further implement prevention and prevention intervention measures and
the " plan " has clearly defined the principles of hebei province 's voluntary consultation and testing of aids : the testing and consultation of hiv / aids antibody , the testing of hiv antibody , the voluntary consultation and consultation , and the agreement to the knowledge of the information , the testing of hiv antibody and the consultation and confidentiality of the consultation , and the protection of the legal rights and interests of hiv carriers and aids patients , to provide relevant follow - up services .
the " plan " requires that aids consultation and testing points should be set at locations that facilitate consultation , to protect the privacy of consulates , there should be separate rooms , and to conduct one - to - one consultation .
the choice of the advisers should fully consider the quality of individual people , such as their knowledge and ability to exchange .
to protect the privacy of the consulting party , the inspection pamphlets can be registered with the code or number .
the " plan " also requires that health administrative departments at and above county level publicize the names of the local major media that provide free hiv testing services and the telephone numbers of the medical and health institutions and provide them with a convenient access to the information .
the ministry of public security still focuses on extorting confessions by torture .
beijing , february 14 ( xinhua ) a total of 1,650 police officers and men were arrested in beijing today for their involvement in the case of the " syndrome " which is not appropriate to let criminal suspects plead guilty to misconduct in china .
the focus of the work of the supervisory departments is also to prevent the occurrence of these problems .
he also pointed out that some international organizations do not fully understand the law enforcement situation of the chinese police .
the latest information provided by the ministry of public security on 14 june shows that the ministry of public security has issued " regulations on putting in place detention measures by public security organs for the record in 2002 " in 2004 , the latest provision on public security organs applying continuing interrogations " , which has better guaranteed that basic level public security organs are applicable to the practice of keeping interrogations in accordance with the law .
since 1997 , to deepen the three kinds of rectification work , namely , to sort out the cases of misuse of firearms and policemen and to deal with misuse of compulsory measures for preventing and controlling firearms abuse , public security organs throughout the country have persisted in conducting investigation by the police force inspectors ' police force , including the traffic police corps , the traffic police corps , the public security police corps , and the grass - roots units ' law enforcement units , and conducted investigation into the safety of
in order to prevent the occurrence of law enforcement at the source , the police inspection department has further extended the tentacle of inspectors in charge of the enforcement of law enforcement by inquiring about the improper enforcement of the judicial personnel and the personnel involved in cases involving 110 receivers and the execution of inspectors ' cases , as well as the personnel involved in punishments against law - and - order punishment and information on stealing and robberies of motor vehicles .
chinese ambassador to taiwan dies in taipei
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) wang yi , who once served as honorary chairman of the taiwan straits exchange foundation , has been suffering from acute heart failure and bloodshed due to acute myocardium infections , and died in taipei in the early morning of the 15th .
sun yun - suan was born on 11 november 1913 in penglai , shandong , and graduated from the electrical department of harbin industrial university .
he is a member of the tenth to 13th central committee of the kmt , a member of the 12th central standing committee , a member of the 14 th central committee of the communist party of china ( cpc ) , and a member of the presidium of the 14 th central committee of the central committee of the central committee of the evaluation of the work of the cpc and a member of the 15 th central committee of the evaluation of the party .
he was once director of the taiwanese government 's xxxx transportation department , but he was also director of the economic management bureau , and was also a director of the provincial government .
heilongjiang will promote projects to appraise and deal with the effects of songhua river water pollution pollution
harbin , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to raise the water level of the flood - stricken area of the songhua river to a new level in order to ensure the quality of the water supply and the quality of the water pollution in the songhua river and to improve the water quality of the river , said sources with the provincial government here tuesday .
the reporter has learned from heilongjiang province environmental protection bureau that the xiaoling huanjiang major pollution incident , which was organized by the state environmental protection administration , has determined 15 projects under the category of the emergency environmental impact assessment and countermeasures . they are divided into three major topics , namely , emergency environmental assessment and ecological impact assessment , and assessment of the pollution control project of human body health control project and comprehensive pollution control project , and the specific time arrangements for three stages .
at present , there are a total of over 60 scientific research institutes in heilongjiang province , with more than 60 people undertaking 14 technical research projects .
according to presentations , the environmental protection departments and relevant scientific research institutes will conduct research on five topics , namely , emergency environmental assessment and countermeasures for the incident , and strive to first solve environmental problems that are of concern to the masses .
these include the control of the concentration of surface pollutants and the forecast pollution of the total discharge of pollutants outside the country , the impact of the pollution safety impact on the consumption safety of songhua river water quality of the decentralized water on both sides of the river , and the impact assessment of the safety of water supply and purification technology plan for the cities ' safe water supply and purification technology plan for the cities .
the environmental protection department of heilongjiang province will also intensify environmental monitoring along the songhua river and will strictly investigate and deal with environmental pollution incidents that cause serious pollution .
heilongjiang will send environmental law enforcement personnel to supervise and guide various localities in comprehensively improving the environment in small river basins , and to improve the ecological environment of jiuzhanghe and other tributaries of the yanhe .
beijing university opens a mourning hall to mourn wang xuan
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a 100 th anniversary commemoration hall in beijing after a few days of intense arrangements , the cannon of the university was officially opened at 09:00 on the morning of 15 february . up to noon on the same day , hundreds of people had come to the embassy to offer condolences .
at 08:00 , the opening of the hall was not yet available , and dozens of people queued up outside the hall and lined up for a long time .
at a memorial hall at the centennial hall of beijing university , reporters saw a black horizontal wall hanging on the wall of the hall : a bitter mourning of academician wang xuan was hung on the wall of the hall .
the horizontal scroll was a huge portrait of wang xuan , which was over 10 square meters . he was wearing glasses and showed a smile and graceful air .
several dragons of bamboo trees and dozens of wreaths were placed on both sides of the remains .
one of the wreaths was written like this : qin shaohua was the foundation stone of tang shaoqiao , and was sent off by lead to greet the contemporary blueprint .
the mourning and joy in the mourning hall was low , and the atmosphere was heavy .
among those who mourned , there were leaders , teachers , and students from beijing university , and there were friends of wang xuan , academician of the academician wang xuan , and many people who had never met him , also specially came to visit .
some of them were carrying fresh flowers in their hands , some carrying flower baskets , and each of them was wearing white flowers in their chest , and slowly walked to the portrait of academician wang xuan , bowing and mourning .
many people could not help but shed tears .
zhang wenbin , who used to be the director of the state administration of cultural heritage , is an old alumni of beijing university . he told the reporter that more than 10 years ago , he was still working in henan province , and he had asked professor wang xuan to give a report on scientific and technological innovation to the provincial party committee cadres .
zheng xuan , a scholar of wang xuan , is a typical example for us to learn . he has made a major contribution to the state and society and the people will never forget him .
professor jin ruilin of beijing university 's law school has been a friend of his old friend who has been elected with him for more than 40 years .
he had just been discharged from hospital a few days ago and insisted on leaving his old friend and bidding farewell to him today .
in his message book , mr. jin cannot suppress his grief and has repeatedly tended to polish his tears .
he told the reporter that professor wang xuan 's life was very frugal . he was already a professor when he lived in the dongshan garden . moreover , he had already made very high achievements , but he was still living in a very small flat house for many years .
later , he moved to the chengze garden and stayed at a place of 70 to 80 square meters for more than 10 years .
beijing university gave him a total of over 140 square meters of big house for academicians of the blue flag camp . he did not want it , and the high - level housing he provided is in the blue sky building . he does not need to set flagship .
mr. jin recalled with deep feeling that during his overseas visit , wang xuan provided a very high treatment to him , but he resolutely declined to give him a cut .
at first , he insisted that he would not apply for an academician . after many mobilization by mr. zhou peiyuan , he did not fill out his list .
mr. jin 's touching feelings were also wang xuan 's attitude toward cultivating young people , he himself stressed many times that he still does not see what achievements i have . he should rely on the cultivation of young people .
mr. jin said , wang xuan began to pay attention to cultivating young people when he was 50 years old . he stressed that he would take the road and would be willing to serve as a ladder to give way to young people .
er , for a very successful scientist , it is not easy to do .
the reporter learned from the beijing university press center that from 09:00 on 15 february to 12:00 on 19 february , wang xuan 's cannon will be open to the public from 09:00 to 1:00 every day , and will be sent to the public for condolences .
the jiuji nonmilitary deputy director of the chinese academy of social sciences , who is also known as the present - day master , is a professor at beijing university because of the lack of medical treatment , the academician of the third world academy of engineering , died at 11 : 30 on 13 february in the hospital in beijing at the age of 70 .
npc , chilean parliament set up exchange mechanism
wu bangguo attended the signing ceremony and signed the agreement .
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) wu bangguo , chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) , attended the first political dialogue between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament held in the great hall of the people on the afternoon of the 15 th , and signed the agreement on the document .
the mechanism of exchanges between china 's npc and the chilean parliament was formally established .
the president of the chilean senate , romero , and the speaker of the house of representatives , arsenisio , signed the agreement in santiago , capital of chile , a few days ago .
according to the agreement , the two sides will establish a sino - chilean political dialogue relationship between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament in accordance with the principles laid down in the sino - chilean joint communique on the establishment of diplomatic relations , and the two sides will set up a dialogue committee to take turns to hold regular meetings to jointly promote the all - round development of bilateral relations .
chilean ambassador to china kaleira attended the signing ceremony .
china to introduce regulations on protection of rights of transmission of information network
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) many websites are now relying on a large number of reprinted newspapers and magazines to provide more coverage for the event , but many of them have not authorized the release of the news reports , and they have not paid any fees for the project . the director of the copyright department of the state copyright bureau , wang ziqiang , was speaking at a news conference held on the 15th by the information office of the state council , at which the fees for the payment of internet
wang ziqiang said : according to the current law , the work published in newspapers and periodicals can not be used as a mandatory statement if the author does not work on a " statement " . newspapers and periodicals may not use their works without the consent of the author . meanwhile , the state copyright bureau has specially formulated a standard for reprinting the newspaper and periodical payment in accordance with the law .
however , according to the existing law , the press shall enjoy the right to publish this kind of statutory license , and at present , the internet does not enjoy such statutory license .
according to relevant judicial interpretations made by the supreme people 's court , such methods of using newspapers and periodicals to reprint their statutory permits can be applied to the internet , that is , the relevant news reports are not available for the author to use short articles , or the author may not use the statement of the bad news , but the internet may not go through the permitted use and pay remuneration at the same time .
however , as the judicial interpretation does not have a provision on the remuneration standard , there is no pay for the use of these works on the internet .
the mandatory management of short works published on the internet is not applicable to the legal permission of the use of these short - term works , and is also determined from the legal level .
wang ziqiang said : does the ju ju include it in the scope of the law , and also wait until this year 's regulations on protecting the rights of information network protection are confirmed .
russian military says georgian parliament 's resolution not to affect russian peacekeeping
moscow , february 15 ( xinhua ) russian defense ministry spokesman sergei ivanov told the media on the 15th that the georgian parliament has made a resolution on russian peacekeeping forces in the near future , which will not affect the peacekeeping activities of russian troops . the russian troops will continue to hold the first joint military exercise in the south ossetia conflict area .
the chairman of the russian state duma ( lower house ) cis affairs committee , cohen , made a statement on the georgian parliament 's resolution on the peacekeeping forces , saying that this resolution by georgia would undermine stability in the region and would have an adverse impact on russian - georgian relations .
he stressed that the georgian parliament 's resolution has pushed russian - georgian relations to a deteriorating course .
he said : the accusation by the georgian side against the russian side is absurd .
the georgian parliament passed a resolution on the same day demanding that the russian peacekeeping force stop its peacekeeping operations in south ossetia , but no specific deadline for the withdrawal of russian peacekeeping forces was set .
georgia 's parliament accused russian peacekeeping personnel of failing to fulfill their obligations and regarded russia 's actions in the region as an attempt to swallow up the territory of georgia .
the georgian parliament has asked the government to take positive action to consider entering the international peacekeeping force in the south ossetia conflict area to replace the current russian peacekeeping operation in the region .
the georgian parliament also instructed the government to revise relevant agreements on the entry of russian peacekeeping personnel into the conflict - stricken area .
south ossetia is a georgian autonomous state , bordering on the republic of north ossetia .
after the disintegration of the former soviet union , it declared independence on its own and has been in a state of confrontation with the georgian central government for a long time .
at present , russia has a 500 - member peacekeeping battalion stationed in the region .
the unit , which was established in 1992 in russia 's northeastern city of zhouju , the southern opera , of the russian military prairie city of zhouju .
four persons responsible for fire in liaoyuan hospital will be prosecuted for suspected major incident
changchun , february 16 ( xinhua ) the central part of liaoyuan city in jilin province , after the extraordinarily serious fire , decided to be held responsible for the accident , zhang diankun , head of the electrical squad of the hospital , and four others will be prosecuted for suspected involvement in a major accident .
on december 15 , 2005 , the largest hospital in liaoyuan city , a fire broke out at the central hospital , and finally killed 39 people .
in the fire , the fire - fighting area reached more than 5,000 square meters .
it is learned that this is the first major change in the nationwide medical and health system since the founding of new china .
according to investigation , at about 1630 on the day of the incident , the power supply suddenly stopped at the central hospital of liaoyuan city . according to the circuit design of the hospital , if the power supply is suspended , the power gate of the power supply box will automatically jump to the deputy gate and continue to maintain normal power supply in the hospital , but the power gate was not automatically vaulted at that time . however , zhang kun , head of the power squad
the underground cables , over 10 cables , which were blanketed in a confused and confused way , and the cables like this should be laid in very well and put in place fire - prevention layers .
therefore , the 57 - year - old zhao yongchun , commander of the electrical installation team of liaoyuan city textile company , was named after sun fenglin , a retired cadre ( senior engineer ) of the liaoyuan city power bureau . after retiring from the liaoyuan city central hospital , sun fenglin 's retired worker was also indicted for suspected major responsibility .
the first tour of china 's countryside tourism industry in guizhou held in tin lung tuen mun
guiyang , february 16 ( xinhua ) on the morning of the 16 th , a gas explosion occurred at tianlong village , tianlong town , pingdam county , guizhou province , and the children wore a festive mood , and their faces were filled with joy .
at 1030 hours , after the five - year campaign ended , 80 children , who were dressed in a green long - term shirt , sounded the alarm for the first tour of guizhou , a tourist in china 's countryside .
tin lung tuen mun village is a typical representative of the development of tourism in guizhou and a national rural tourism demonstration site .
as a descendant of the tuen mun military in the years of hung wu in the ming dynasty , there has been more than 600 years of history of taiwanese residents living in this area .
here , one can see the blue barracks that is too broad to wear . the ancient han culture and dress are in the village of tembai .
it is understood that the tianlong village , relying on this cultural and traditional advantage , has developed village culture and tourism from 2002 onwards , and income from admission to 2005 alone will reach 3.8 - million yuan . the whole village has more than 477.7 percent of peasant households participating in tourism , such as restaurants and drinking water transport and tourist products for 2000-long tourism . the per capita income of peasants has increased from over 1,300 yuan in 2002 to 2640 yuan in 2005 .
yang shengming , director of the guizhou provincial tourism bureau , said that after the first tour of tianlong bao , the tourism administration has conducted three surveys of the new tourist experience in the new countryside , which is still the theme . various villages and tourist activities in guizhou will reach 35 projects this year .
so far , guizhou has over 130 villages and towns carrying out various village tourism projects . by 2005 , more than 600,000 rural households in the province have extricated themselves from poverty through developing tourism .
in january , housing prices in 70 cities rose 5.5 % , shanghai housing prices continued to decline .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the country 's top 70 cities sold 1,025 houses in january , up 5.5 percent from the same period last year , or 0.7 percentage points lower than the previous month .
the housing price in shanghai continued to slide .
the national development and reform commission on jingji island released data on 16 june , saying that most of the 70 large and medium - sized cities saw a small rise in housing sales prices in january , a rise of more than 10 percent in hohhot and dalian , and that the housing sales price in shanghai continued to decline slightly , a decline of 0.44 percent over the same period last year .
in the first quarter of last year , the housing sales prices in shanghai also rose 19.1 percent over the same period last year , and there was a turn for the better . in the second half of last year , there was a slight decline in the prices of houses compared with the same period last year .
in january this year , the sales prices of newly built commercial housing in 70 large and medium - sized cities rose 6.99 percent over the same period last year , a rise of 0.2 percentage points over the previous month .
new commodity houses increased by a relatively high rate of increase , including 18.994 percent in dalian and 14.79 percent in shenzhen , 107.7 percent in shenzhen , 09,049 percent in chengdu , 48.4 percent in beijing , and 3.1 percent in shanghai compared with the same period last year .
the central organization department has called for further intensifying supervision over the selection and appointment of leading cadres and cadres .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the organization department of the cpc central committee recently issued a document on the opinions on strengthening the supervision of cadres .
the opinions require that organization departments at all levels proceed from strict management and care for cadres , and see to it that the supervision of cadres permeate the work of training and educating cadres and evaluating the work of the cadres and the routine management , and establish and improve a mechanism for supervision work that takes timely precautions against bad practices , and earnestly strengthen supervision over the selection , appointment , and employment of leading cadres and cadres .
the opinion points out that the main tasks of cadre supervision in organizational departments are : first , supervision over leading bodies and leading cadres should be conducted with the focus on the supervision of the principal responsible persons of leading bodies , second , supervision over the selection and appointment of leading cadres of the party and government , and the focus should be placed on the supervision and inspection of the implementation of the " regulations on the selection and appointment of leading cadres of the party and government . "
in supervision of leading bodies and leading cadres , the opinions suggest that it is necessary to unremittingly do a good job in education in ideals and convictions and education in fighting corruption and promoting honesty , and to make education run through the selection , selection , management , and supervision of leading cadres in strengthening the building of party spirit , supporting the building of the party for the public , and building a strong ideological and moral defense line for resisting corruption and guarding against degeneration .
when talking about the newly promoted cadres , we should set clear and definite requirements on honesty and self - discipline .
leading bodies at all levels should be urged to uphold democratic centralism , establish and improve rules and procedures for discussing matters , seriously implement the system of combining collective leadership with individual responsibilities in terms of division of labor .
we should give prominence to supervision over the principal responsible persons of leading bodies , and the responsible persons of the organization ( personnel ) departments should regularly talk to the leading bodies of the lower level about their ideas and conduct discussions about their work style .
we should establish and improve a system of routine management and supervision by leading cadres , regularly understand and analyze the ideological and work style of the contingent of leading cadres , and put forward opinions and measures for solving problems .
the system of holding talks and sending letters to cadres should be implemented , and any problems that may cause symptoms of problems should be discovered . admonitory talks or letters should be sent to inquire into them .
the outstanding problems of leading cadres reflected by the masses should be seriously investigated and understood , and criticism and education should be given to those found to be in a wrong situation , or appropriate organizational punishment should be given according to the circumstances , and those found violating discipline and law should be handed over to law - enforcement organs , and appropriate methods should be adopted to clarify those problems that have not been found in the course of investigation .
at the same time , we should combine strengthening supervision with encouraging cadres to boldly explore and innovate and pay attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the opinions and demands that the organizational ( personnel ) departments at all levels earnestly strengthen supervision over the selection and appointment of leading cadres of the party and government .
we should further improve the system of recommending and examining cadres ' nomination , examination , and discussion of cadres ' recommendation and decision , and strictly carry out the work of selecting and appointing cadres in order to ensure that politically there are sufficient work units and that the masses can live a good life in their work , and that cadres can really enjoy the trust of the masses at all levels .
it is necessary to step up inspection of the implementation of the regulations on appointing cadres , seriously investigate and deal with acts in violation of the regulations on appointing cadres , and resolutely check unhealthy trends and corrupt phenomena in the use of cadres .
we should implement a system of supervision and inspection on the problem of employing people in serious violation of regulations and intensify supervision , handling , and investigation .
establish and perfect a system for investigating and affixing responsibility for the work of selecting and appointing cadres ; and scientifically define the main responsibility for the various links in the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres in accordance with the principle of uniformity of power and responsibility , clearly define the methods for investigating and affixing responsibility , and intensify the investigation of the work .
we should give full play to the role of the masses in supervision and establish a mechanism for reporting incidents that are highly efficient .
bring into play the role of supervision by public opinion , and report to the media in a timely manner the relevant situation in the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres , and subject them to supervision by public opinion .
the opinions put forward the need to further improve the mechanism for coordinating and coordinating cadre supervision .
organization ( personnel ) departments should strengthen cooperation with discipline inspection organs , establish a mechanism for discipline inspection organs to carry out work - style and clean - government work , and establish a joint system for cadre personnel , so as to strengthen the joint force of supervision .
in conjunction with discipline inspection organs , they should conscientiously do a good job in inspection work , improve inspection methods , perfect inspection system , and improve inspection quality .
in coordination with auditing organs , the auditing organs have seriously implemented the system of auditing leading cadres ' economic responsibilities .
we should improve the internal supervisory mechanism for the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres in organizational departments .
taiwan authorities ' " taiwan independence " act on pretexts of violating regulations on investment in mainland china
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the taiwan authorities will hold a meeting to punish taiwan 's chungyuan chu two - hsiung [ lian hua ] electronics joint - stock company limited ( called jixing huanhua synong ] , one of taiwan 's jing shan electronics company limited ( chijian - xing ) , for the reason that they have provided assistance in violation of regulations and have established joint venture companies on the mainland with taiwanese dollar .
taiwan 's " china times " reported that this is a positive and + mini one for chen shui - bian to dish out his positive management policy and effectively open up cross - strait economic and trade policy . the taiwan authorities have imposed a fine on taiwan businessmen for their investment in the mainland .
according to reports , the taiwanese economic ministry investment examination meeting claimed that the united microelectronics was fined because it violated the regulations governing relations between the people on both sides of the strait , the regulations governing relations between the two sides of the strait , and the rules governing investment permission for cooperation between the mainland region and the mainland region .
in the future , the + + + + + + + + + + + + will also examine the situation and impose fines on cao xingcheng , former chairman of the united microelectronics corp .
the wulian electric case started in february 2005 . at that time , the investigation department of taiwan mobilized as many as 100 people to conduct investigation of the case . many high - level cadres of the joint electric power company conducted a surprise inspection , claiming that the united telecommunications company was suspected of providing illegal funds and manpower resources to the unauthorized scientific and technological departments and to provide funds and manpower resources .
cao xingcheng , then chairman of the board of directors of the united microelectronics , said openly later that unicom had not violated any regulations of the taiwan authorities , and that the united microelectronics company 's assistance to the technology of china 's warships would be for the long - term interests of the united microelectronics company , and that if it did not enter the mainland market as soon as possible , it would lose business opportunities .
afterwards , taiwan authorities ' financial supervision and management committee blocked regulations on disclosure of commercial information by imposing fines of nt $ 3 - million on the united states .
on january 9 , 2006 , the unitc board accepted cao xingcheng 's resignation , and after several hours , cao xingcheng was formally indicted for suspected involvement in mainland investment .
the joint power company and the taiwan power generating company ( called yantai accumulative electron ) , called taiwan 's qiyuan shuxiong [ name as transliterated ] , a leading hi - tech enterprise on the island .
the series of actions taken by the taiwan authorities to investigate and handle the united microelectronics company over the past year have received great attention from various circles on the island .
prc 's second largest shipment of macao residents ' volcanic competition opens beijing , june 15
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the second chinese delegation arrived in guangzhou city , capital of southwest china 's yunnan province , on tuesday to bid for the world chinese community , a chinese team in the world , as a model for macao , a song for the competition .
the essay competition was jointly sponsored by the macao foundation and the baihua literature and art publishing house , " the foreign edition of the prose language , " and chen jianong , vice chairman of the chinese writers association , and others were appointed as the chairman of the evaluation committee .
in 2004 , the fifth anniversary of macao 's return to the motherland was the first time that the macao nonstop competition was held in my heart . literary enthusiasts at home and abroad responded positively to the event . the organizing committee received a total of more than 8,000 entries , and more than 10 medalists from both at home and abroad were invited to the macao sar to accept awards .
in a press conference on the 17th , wu zhiliang , executive member of the macao foundation , said that last year , the xuan city in macao was listed as a world cultural heritage list . this not only means that the lifestyle and community management model of the people of macao have affirmed the residents ' management model , but also means that the chinese nation 's living style and friendly living conditions are different , and the macao sar government has decided to give priority to macao 's traditional construction
wu zhiliang said : it is precisely under such a good cultural atmosphere that the macao foundation and the baihua literature publishing house decided to cooperate again to hold the second china opera , which is called " china 's second " macao mount prieh contest in my mind , hoping that the participants would show their love for macao and macao and the unique human air of macao and the sar 's stability and harmony . they were happy to have new impressions of prosperity and prosperity .
according to presentations , at the closing ceremony of the competition on 1 september , " the foreign edition of bulletin sea " will open up a column for the entries .
the results will be announced and will be presented in the macao sar in early 2007 .
shandong has successfully implemented a beauty heart transplant operation
xinhua news agency , jinan , february 17 , jinan ( zhang yuqing and shen yao qin ) the jinan military region 's cardiac tuberculosis institute recently successfully implemented an infant transplant operation .
the reporter saw in the intensive care room on the 17th that the infant , whose appearance is 51 days after the operation , was red , all monitoring and inspection quotas were normal , and after the critical period of the operation , was enjoying a high degree of interest in playing with the toys that the medical personnel bought him .
according to the medical department who took the case that day , the child from ta'an village , shandong , was sent to the hospital by his parents . the whole body was green and purple , and had difficulty breathing . after testing and diagnosing the purple - born cyanosis heart transplant , he had to carry out heart transplant .
heart transplant surgery is the most difficult and most complicated surgery in the heart surgery .
in particular , the transplant of infants and children under one year old is still empty in china .
the cardiovascular disease research institute of the jinan military region organized experts to repeatedly appraise the situation , carefully designed surgery and post - surgical supervision plans , and carried out independent innovation in the method of conforming blood vessels , and conducted animal experiments .
at 08:00 on december 28 , 2005 , the surgery officially started .
the cardiac stem is a human diagnostic body that has suddenly parked breathing heart due to the innate depression of congenital lungs .
the operation was in line with six blood vessels , which were more than 510 needles , and each needle was less than three millimeters .
the operation was a complete success after 295 minutes .
state administration of safety supervision : major and exceptionally serious accidents occur this year
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) four consecutive cases of one disaster involving more than 100 people occurred in beijing , capital of southwest china 's guangdong province , in the past year , resulting in the serious situation of production safety in the ministry of coal mine , which has been a nationwide focus of safety supervision work for many major and exceptionally serious accidents , including the containment of coal mines .
on 17 july , the reporter learned from the state administration of production safety that to truly curb the frequent occurrence of major and exceptionally serious accidents , such as coal mines , the most important thing is to do .
the state administration of coal industry and safety will do the following three things :
wuxi continues to fight valleys .
gas extraction should be focused on this year 's priority in controlling the household size .
if the high gas mine shaft is not supposed to pull out first , then it should be ordered to stop production immediately .
wuxi continues to tackle tough problems .
we should list the 5243 public notices already made public , plus the 700 - plus coalmines recently reported by various localities , one that have been closed down to the truth .
we should regard closing down of water supply facilities as the routine work , and continuously close down those coal mines that damage the environment and do not meet safety requirements .
wuxi coal mine safety management foundation .
we must immediately rectify the practices of controlling a small number of small state - owned mines that have slid downslope and have confused management and establish a standardized management system .
in particular , we must grasp key state - owned coal mines and absolutely not allow super - scale production of super - scale .
this year 's production safety control index requires that the number of deaths caused by various accidents nationwide dropped by 3 percent as compared with last year , and coal mines fell by 3.5 percent .
the exceptionally serious accident that killed more than 10 people in one incident must be reduced by 55 percent , with coal mines falling by 77.1 percent .
these control targets have been issued to all provincial - level people 's governments , and localities are dispersing to grass - roots units and enterprises at various levels .
statistics show that in 2005 , 5986 coal mine accidents were killed , a decrease of 0.77 percent compared with the same period last year .
however , the number of accidents in which more than 10 people were killed in one accident rose by 66.6 percent compared with the same period last year .
barroso calls for full cooperation in kosovo 's future
belgrade , february 17 ( xinhua ) pristina has been hit by a series of new cases in recent years , according to reports from pristina , capital of kosovo , by eu commission president barroso on the 17 th
barroso met with serbia 's interim power president seririidi and representatives of serbia ethnic serbian ethnic groups in kosovo on the same day , saying that the parties concerned in kosovo should have a tolerant attitude and should establish a kosovo of democratic and multi - ethnic integration , and a kosovo government that respects the government 's ruling power and protects the rights and interests of ethnic minorities can only be accepted by the international community .
he also stressed that the european commission would do its best to help kosovo 's development .
barroso also expressed his appreciation for kosovo 's current eight standards for the implementation of the un 's democratic process .
he said the implementation of these standards is a key factor affecting kosovo 's integration with europe .
he also called on all serbians in kosovo to join the institutions of kosovo , and to make efforts to realize democracy and the integration of various nationalities in kosovo .
barroso arrived in pristina , capital of kosovo , on the same day for a one - day visit .
earlier , barroso visited croatia and serbia and montenegro and will also visit macedonia 's ethnic albanian province and bosnia - herzegovina .
( winter olympics ) doping : news analysis : distributing lieque incident may not be a problem .
xinhua news agency , turin , february 17 , the news analysis by the press : the incident of distributing lipponaiwan may not be settled
xinhua news agency reporter gao peng ying
although italy has repeatedly issued orders and issued such a statement , it has discovered that athletes who use stimulants may face jail .
the new olympic games in turin , capital of east china 's zhejiang province , was the first doping scandal since the opening of the winter olympics .
the next day , the international olympic committee announced that liuyika had been expelled from the winter olympics , and she had won 15 kilometers of individual individual events in the winter olympics .
the two - way international winter league made a decision on the same day on the punishment for the two - year ban on the allocation of lieyika .
the ioc has all along stipulated that athletes have been found to use stimulant in the olympic games , and they will be cancelled and deprived of their qualification for participating in the games , but they are not subject to legal sanctions .
however , according to italian law , the carrying and use of stimulant agents is a criminal act , and the judicial organ has the right to directly arrest and investigate athletes using stimulant , and those who defy the law are also facing three months to three years of imprisonment .
in december last year , the international olympic committee and the italian government paid off one year 's bargaining price , but finally reached an agreement . both sides agreed to hold a meeting in accordance with italian law during the current winter olympics to handle the question of stimulant use by athletes .
with the unremitting efforts of the international olympic committee , italy made concessions four days before the opening of the winter olympics , and promised that the police would not enter the olympic village to search the athletes ' place during the winter olympics games , but athletes with a positive drug examination will still be subject to investigation by italian prosecutors .
there are reports that the italian government supervises the turin winter olympics , perkins , has sent lieavesa 's stimulant incident to the turin prosecutor 's office .
however , the ioc and peskantor have not yet confirmed the case .
russian winter second team mimov arrived at the center of the world cup in moscow at noon on the 17th , leaving turin and returning to the country .
he has been working in the world anti - doping agency for many years , and chinese sports official shi kangcheng believes that once the leftover has returned to china , this ultimately may not be settled by the end .
shi said that the ioc and the italian government have made great efforts to fight doping in the winter olympics , and have not completely settled the issue of italian prosecutors , even if italian prosecutors really intervene in this matter , it is hard to say that the result is hard to tell .
according to the previous judgement on the use of stimulant agents by italy for its national athletes , the heaviest punishment received by the banned persons is just the two - year imprisonment suspended period for implementation of the regulation .
therefore , pierre pierre , a senior correspondent from italy 's anta news agency , said that the possibility of sending leyball into a prison is almost a small , most of which is a fine .
pierre also said that although the italian court could be absent , the italian police could not even send liewa back to serve the sentence .
if it sent leftist to refuse to accept the verdict , the italian side would have no way to take her .
news from comprehensive : the new epidemic site continues to see the tendency of severe precautions by countries around the world .
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the bird flu has spread further in africa , according to a report by xinhua reporters stationed abroad on february 18 .
the world health organization confirmed on the 17th that three areas in egypt have already discovered bird flu viruses .
in europe , france has also discovered for the first time that five bird flu viruses have been detected in spain , and europe has been highly vigilant against and strengthened epidemic prevention measures .
hassan bush , an adviser to the east mediterranean region of the world health organization , told the media in egypt on the 17th that currently there are no reports of infection in three areas of minga in southern egypt , including cairo , cairo , and qinia , that have been infected with the 51st strain of bird flu virus . relevant departments of the egyptian government have already slaughtered suspected poultry that were suspected of avian influenza .
the experts pointed out that egypt is an important channel for migratory birds in the middle east and north africa to emigrate , and there is a great possibility that migratory birds can bring the avian flu virus into the country .
egypt has announced the ban on the import of live poultry from abroad and has strengthened the quarantine work at the border ports .
a carcass farm in yaounde , capital of cameroon , has left more than 800 chickens in the past week .
cameroon has decided to suspend all poultry imports from nigeria , where the bird flu epidemic has occurred , and suspend all imports of poultry and pork from the two countries ' markets .
the government has also built a comprehensive epidemic monitoring system in the country within a short period of time , and the country 's bashir center and national veterinary laboratory are in an emergency state of awaiting orders , so as to conduct a nationwide laboratory tests on the 5/1 virus virus at any time .
on the 17th , the two countries of europe , denmark and sweden initially ruled out the epidemic .
the institute of veterinary in sweden released a test results on the dead swans found on wednesday , indicating that the swan in sweden has not been infected with the virus .
the preliminary laboratory results of the danish national veterinary authority also showed that 30 dead swans were not infected with the bird flu virus in denmark .
however , the agriculture department said denmark should not take the matter lightly .
nine bird flu epidemic sites have been reported in eastern europe this year , and who experts said in bucharest on the 17th that almost all areas in the danube delta region have avian flu , and that they must take a serious view of this situation , and romania may have been able to suffer from the threat of bird flu in the next three or five years .
the government has taken all necessary measures to prevent avian flu in bangladesh , asia .
the government 's livestock services bureau ( fao ) has provided relevant officials with books on avian influenza prevention and has also organized poultry keeping personnel to undergo training .
( newspaper clippings ) china 's first blood information management system established in zhejiang
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the first blood information management center in china has been set up in the center , according to the provincial blood center of zhejiang province , which is the first blood data management and control network system in china .
a relevant person in charge at the blood center of zhejiang province said that this means that in future , any citizen will take part in the donation blood donation to any county ( city ) in zhejiang province , where blood organizations have participated in free blood donations . there will be a single code record . when he donates blood again , he will be able to write blood letters to the relevant county of zhejiang . the time of blood donation by the taiwanese blood test - type , which is the
the responsible person further explained that if the relevant code records were input , the system would show that the insolvent had not been separated for a time , and that the donor would not be in line with the conditions for blood donation this time .
this will not only protect the health of the blood donors , but also protect the health and safety of the people who use blood .
in addition , when blood supply is strained , blood donors and their relatives have the right to use blood first . if you input the effective identification documents of the blood donors , you can immediately display the blood donor 's information and it is quite convenient .
according to a report in the hangzhou " today morning news , " this information system has now been put into use in all 36 blood - collecting organizations throughout the province , and the blood resources of all blood - collecting organs throughout the province can also be displayed in real time , thus realizing data sharing throughout the province .
the philippines has been working hard to prevent the recurrence of landslide in 11 villages
manila , february 18 ( xinhua ) the philippine government has decided to set up a new village in the eastern philippines in order to prevent similar landslides from happening again , a local official said on tuesday .
south lehem leyas , an official of the south lehem province , said on the same day that the villages were in the same region as those villages where the mountain landslides occurred on the 17th , and they had similar characteristics .
the residents of the 11 villages that have been evacuated will be rehoused in seven evacuation centers .
lyas said that the government yesterday ordered the evacuation of residents , and today they sent people to inspect these villages , because some people do not want to leave their homes .
the landslide incident occurred on the 17th in a suburb of a mountain in saint - sodium town in southern south laitia province . judging from television scenes , the soil and rock have buried the entire village and can only see several roofs .
as the soil is very thick and humidity is very high , people who are buried can survive very little .
so far , 109 people have been killed and 57 others have been rescued .
according to estimates , the death toll of the accident may reach as high as 1,800 .
( overseas chinese , overseas chinese ) quanzhou , southern fujian 's overseas chinese export in january increased by 35.2 percent over the same period last year
fuzhou , february 19 ( xinhua ) the city 's foreign trade and exports continued to grow at a high rate in january , according to statistics released by the state statistics bureau today .
according to customs statistics , quanzhou exported 330 - million us dollars in january , the best record in history , a 35.2 - percent increase over the same period last year , higher than the average growth rate of the whole province .
according to an analysis by quanzhou city 's bureau of foreign trade , the reason that quanzhou 's foreign trade in january was able to grow at a high speed was mainly due to the effect of several measures of foreign trade support services in quanzhou . the export enthusiasm of enterprises rose high , the business operation of quanzhou was brisk , the business confidence was strengthened , and the foreign trade development environment was very efficient and smooth .
