she was certified dead in the downing death inquest investigation information and was stolen .
london , june 6 , 2007
the london daily said that the two sets of diagram - princess diana died in paris in 1997 , and the two computers were used to detect the causes of death .
the report pointed out that the stolen case has triggered speculations , and the computer might have hidden the " black box " of the former metropolitan police chief steve steinson .
however , a big metropolis police spokesman said that the computer was not used to cause any sensitive problem .
tien vincent siew is the first british police officer to visit the united states since he took office in april .
the report said that the nantou police station 's staff had been working in the city for the past 10 days to trace two cases of theft .
a fire broke out from january 28 to 29 , and a computer and computer - controlled knife was taken away .
the santa police bureau also said there was no evidence to show that the two cases were related to the case and that the sir edward vincent siew 's work .
tien vincent siew has been chasing the death cause of prince of wales , not directly affecting the car accident .
the royal coroner , bragce , ordered that the probe of the relevant evidence be continued in 2004 .
the princess diana was born in hong kong on august 31 , 1997 when she died in a traffic accident at a paris tunnel .
after two years of investigation , the french police believed that the accident was caused by the drink driving and taking of the medicine .
the two sides agreed to hold a meeting in geneva in late october
agence france - presse , lula , 7th .
the mediating process of peace between the two sides of the strait has been a success , the official said , adding that the sri lankan war group agreed to hold talks in geneva , switzerland on the 22 nd of this month , to dissolve the problem of the three - year stalemate in negotiations for the settlement of the racial bloody conflict that has lasted for decades .
norway 's peace envoy saham told the media in london that the united states is willing to work with the international community to promote the peace process in the region .
the norwegian embassy in beijing said in a statement that the conflicts in sri lanka were caused by various factors , that is , the sri lankan government and the tamil tiger group of tamil eelam , requesting the norwegian government to assist in holding negotiations in geneva on february 22 nd in sri lanka .
the two - day talks will focus on how to strengthen the negotiations on how to resume the cease - fire agreement , which was effective on 23 february 2002 , and the agreement has never been fully observed by both sides .
the norwegian embassy pointed out that the two sides will discuss how to improve the implementation of the cease - fire agreement , which is also the first time the two sides have conducted face - to - face negotiations at such a high level in the past three years .
sohn said that he will lead a norwegian team to participate in the negotiations , and that the tanzania tiger liberation tiger will be led by barsinic khan , while the sri lankan government will lead the army .
he said that this is the only way to the road to peace , but the important step is to make the negotiations more meaningful .
the resolution of the first ethnic conflict in sri lanka was held in beijing on 23 march 2003 .
du lin 's winter olympics unveiled the korean team of the south and the north koreas jointly entering the competition
( afp , dutch )
the 20 th winter olympics opened in du lin today .
south korean women 's skating competitor li baolin and the north korean men 's flower skating ice , han zheng - jen , who are the two teams , respectively served as the head of the national team of the two countries , and led the south - bound south korean delegation to enter the winter olympic games stadium .
this is the first time that the olympic team from south korea and north korea will be joining hands in the winter olympics .
to reflect the new situation in the relations between the two sides in recent years , the snow - canon olympic games in 2000 and the athens summer olympics in 2004 have been a hot topic of discussion between the south and north korea .
the north korean side did not participate in the " dprk - rok joint declaration " held in the united states ' salim lake city .
the korean peninsula was split into two big countries in 1948 , which were practicing capitalism and communism . the two sides signed the " treaty of peace and development " between 1950 and 1953 .
the leaders of south korea met in 2000 with the leaders of the two sides , who are holding a summit of peace .
under the traditional system , the greek team is the first country to enter the competition , and the two of the 80 countries that participated in the competition are the 22 nd north korea , the 23 rd country to be admitted .
the landlord and the great lover team are the last one to be admitted . when the italian team arrived , the team , which was in full swing , immediately sounded in the stadium and cheered .
hovman had a dose of drugs and was fortunate to wake up to the new era of performing arts .
new york , april 16 , 2007 ( afp )
the most promising winner is the winning of the oscar premiere , the movie star jackson : the cold blood has bid blizzard the famous male player of the princess , morhman , who has revealed that he is a little black man in his childhood . he was unable to extricate himself from drugs and wine when he was young . he was fortunate to be able to start his career of performing arts .
hefman said in an interview with cbs news magazine 60 minutes after visiting china in 1960 that he was a " special envoy " to receive drugs and wine during that period .
at that time , he came up 20 times and just started to graduate from the university of new york 's dramatic department , and entered a society of may - colored color , and every day the tone of his life was fast swooped , and finally he turned to a slight and lost control .
he was 22 years old .
in the upcoming apec meeting to be held next month , the chinese government will continue to play a positive role in the development of the chinese culture .
before that , he had a superb performance , which had already been affirmed and had already won many awards . he was also a gold - ball prize .
the 38 - year - old actor said during the interview that if they were not in the red before their famous age , they would be determined to change their habit that they could not win the nomination of oscar .
he said he admires those who were under the age of 19 and suddenly became famous .
four trace of bird flu in europe and the pandemic of the people in liberia
brussels , april 16 , 2007 ( afp )
the bird flu virus is traced in europe , causing panic among the people .
eu executive council approves new court of appeal to control
the african union and nigeria have also found a fatal fire in the eighth day of the virus .
egyptian officials are investigating a dead chicken farm in southern egypt .
european markets for chicken products affected by the virus have been falling significantly . the european commission stressed that the united states does not have any reason to panic .
the executive committee is responsible for the health and food safety commission , the minister said that the public is concerned about this matter , and that it is understandable , but it does not need to react too much .
following the discovery of the virus in the previous regulations , the three kilometers of surrounding areas and 10 km of warning zone , the eu executive committee has also given a new provision to remove the all - out european territory of the virus , all listed as buffet zones in the bud zone .
a us official who refused to be named pointed out that each person was nervous and they were not sure of the situation one day to night .
the european region has so far been a large country with austria 's largest city of krygyai , which is located in the southern part of the country , the state of the republic of sesame , the republic of somalia , and russia in europe .
romania found the 31 st case on the 16 th , and slovenia 's death toll and the rugene island of germany also found new cases on the 16 th .
the southern part of italy was a dead duck found on two ducks , which was the first in europe to be found in wild geese . it was infected with 591 straw virus .
the eu officials are most concerned about the imminent return of migratory birds from africa .
the government of nigeria is stepping up its efforts to prevent the spread of viruses in the african continent from spreading to human beings .
the government of nigeria announced that all poultry in the vicinity of the infected farm will be destroyed within five kilometers of the farm , regardless of whether the virus is threatened or not , and all of them will be destroyed .
the government of neighboring countries of nigeria has announced that the country has entered a state of alert , and has also allocated $ 4 million to the emergency plan to monitor and monitor the border between nigeria and nigeria .
the newly established national emergency committee said that they received notification that the two countries had no choice but to take action against the turbulent border of the two countries , and that nearly 400 birds died .
the china electronics bank 's new business management regulations will be implemented on 1 march .
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a special fund to provide a guarantee for the development of the country 's banking industry , said a senior official of the china banking regulatory commission ( cbrc ) here today
a cbrc spokesman said that according to the regulations of the management measures , the relevant procedures for the examination and approval of foreign - funded financial institutions basically remain unchanged , that is , after foreign banks are allowed to set up their internet banking business , they should be subject to the approval of the branch in china .
to standardize the commercial banks ' use of the internet to conduct banking business , the people 's bank of china promulgated and promulgated the " interim procedures on management of internet banking business " in june 2001 .
a cbrc spokesman said that with the development of the e - banking business of commercial banks , the interim procedures are no longer suited to the requirements of the supervision and management of risks of electronic banking . the cbrc has formulated two new regulations for this purpose .
according to a spokesman of the china banking regulatory commission , the cbrc has made a decision on the quality of the safety evaluation institution , and this is different from the nature of administrative licensing that is different from those of the industrial or enterprise entry requirements . it is not the essential condition for the evaluation of the business of electronic banking security of the ebanking industry . it is only the reference of the financial institution in choosing an evaluation institution .
as long as the safety evaluation institution meets the relevant conditions and demands , even if the cbrc does not have the qualification to determine , the financial institution may also hire a company to conduct an electronic banking safety evaluation , but it should exercise management according to relevant regulations .
the " procedures for managing electronic banking business " have nine chapters and 99 articles , which are divided into two categories : general principles applied for changing risk management , data exchange and transfer management , and outside bogus management , cross - boundary business activities , which are managed by management , such as legal responsibilities and supplementary provisions .
the " guidelines on the evaluation of safety of electronic banking " comprises five chapters and 57 articles , which are divided into two categories : general evaluation agency safety evaluation organization management , management and supplementary evaluation of safety of radio and television broadcasting organizations .
the book " mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , deng xiaoping , chen yun , on investigation and study " published
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the " regulations on the management of the collection of mao zedong 's enzhu , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , and chen yun " compiled by the cpc central literature research center recently was published and distributed by the central literature publishing house .
we should conduct in - depth investigation and study in real life , persist in integrating theory with practice , and draw up and implement correct lines , principles , and policies , which are the result of the cpc 's basic experience and basic work methods for leading revolution construction .
mao zedong 's enlai and liu shaoqi were born in hangzhou , hanging in the east by the older generation of revolutionaries including deng xiaoping , chen yun , and others . they made many important and penetrating expositions on the investigation and research issue . they also frequently went down to the grass - roots level to personally conduct social surveys and wrote many reports on the investigation .
the practice and results of their investigations and studies are of great significance to guiding the cause of the party and the people to develop along the correct road .
the book " mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , deng xiaoping , chen yun , on the investigation and study " was divided into three parts : the first part was the " theory of the older generation of revolutionaries including mao zedong on the investigation and study , and the second part was the written by mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation on the investigation and study of the article . the third part was the three - part of the three investigation teams of the mao zedong
most of these surveys were conducted for the first time .
in addition , two articles on the " five - year plan for the central leaders in the 1950s and 1960 s " were also presented .
russia reiterates adherence to one - china policy
moscow , february 6 ( xinhua ) russian deputy foreign minister alexander alexander alexander alexander sergeyev reiterated on the 6th that russia upholds the one - china stand .
alekseyev said that russia has noticed that chen shui - bian recently said that he would not forget the recent remarks made by the chinese leader on taiwan independence .
the russian government has always adhered to the one - china principle , firmly supported china 's efforts to realize the great cause of national reunification .
last year , the chinese npc adopted the " anti - secession law . " russia took the lead in publicly expressing support .
alekseyev said that the russian foreign ministry will issue a statement as soon as possible to reiterate the one - china stand and oppose taiwan independence .
china , india hold talks on nuclear issue
xinhua news agency , johannesburg , february 6 ( reporter : chen ming ) - the overseas chinese of fuqing , china 's fujian province , lin yixing , was arrested in the morning of the 5 th local time in his bar of bar , where he was engaged by local militants . in the early morning of the 6 th , the burundi hospital in the south african capital city of bandung was rescued and died without compensation .
according to the chairman of the chinese people 's federation of liberals , the incident occurred in the northwestern part of burundi , more than 130 kilometers from the huakht .
at that time , the owner of the shop , lin yixing , was picking up the goods inside the room and was preparing to end the one day of business .
at this time , three customers in the shop , one of them , picked up a handgun and rushed into the station to engage in robbery .
the 40 - year - old lin yixing and the robbers fought against each other , and the robbers opened a gun to lin yixing , and then fled .
the person who arrived at the scene after the news was told that lin yixing was sent to the hospital for medical treatment . due to the death of lin yixing 's body which was filled with the peremptory hematopoeetic emascular , he died at around 3 : 30 am on 6 february .
on 6 february , the chinese consulate general in jenhug , xu defu , consul general wu gang , and vice president lin zhonglin of the association of chinese fujian compatriots in south africa , drove to bucharest to assist the family of the deceased in handling the aftermath of the incident .
lin yixing became the first chinese citizen who was killed by the robber in 36 hours and was also the first chinese citizen to be killed in south africa since the beginning of this year .
( selected newspaper collections ) shanghai : part - time personnel and graduates of colleges and universities have become the main force in hours of work
beijing , february 7 ( xinhua ) the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau issued the latest annual report of 2006 on the 6th , titled " wage charges for workers " , which was up to 120 , an increase of 11 posts , and the previous increase in salaries for the previous ones , which was the fourth rise in the national family salaries , was also the second highest in the country .
according to the statistics of the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau , the current number of hours employees in shanghai has exceeded 1 million .
according to a report in the china youth daily , college graduates and part - time personnel are the main force of the hour workers contingent .
through the investigation of nearly 8,000 hours of work ,
the culture level of part - time workers is generally higher , and the main job is to engage in relatively strong technical work , such as translation and part - time personnel ratio as high as 81.77 percent , and the physical fitness level reaches 61.6 percent .
high income is a problem that many people are engaged in hours of work and part - time jobs .
it is understood that the monthly income of individual posts can reach tens of thousands yuan , and it will be hard to achieve , just like the translation of the sound , the monthly income of an hour job can reach 2,000 yuan or more , such as part - time financial work such as the assistant finance minister , and others .
to satisfy the demand of the public for expanding their knowledge , they are also part - time workers .
for example , when a certain enterprise takes up the post of manager of human resources , it will draw several hours a week to handle the case of a foreign representative office 's financial accounts .
mr koo said that the biggest benefit of part - time job was to keep our knowledge updated and to have opportunities to involve another area .
as some hours of job placement threshold is low , the forms of work are flexible and free , and they are also gradually being favored by many graduates who are seeking jobs , and 14 percent of the hours of work is graduates of the middle and primary specialized schools in nearly three years .
i started to do that .
college graduate huang graduated from the university , and the job he had found was not as good as it was , and finally hung in a hotel , and used the background of piano to sing the background music .
what is your opinion about the current work , i am quite satisfied with , and the environment is good . now i am going to do a lot of things .
it is understood that the hours of work has become a period of accumulation of work experience for some graduates who are seeking jobs , and improving skills in work to train and improve their skills .
the graduates work for hours , and they mainly focus on knowledge and technology - intensive industries .
the hours of work are not high , such as the promotion of food products , handicraft personnel , and so on , and the unemployed personnel have to take up employment through simple training .
data show that the number of hours - job workers was originally the number of unemployed personnel , with a total retail value of 39,57,000 people .
wu bangguo inspects anhui ,
beijing , february 8 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a working group to promote the development of the western region of china , said wu bangguo , standing committee member of the national people 's congress ( npc ) standing committee , during a recent inspection tour in anhui
from 6 to 8 february , wu bangguo visited the maanshan wuhu lake in wuhu , wuhu , and other places , and went deep into the rural areas ' scientific research institutes and institutes of higher learning to inspect the work .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui has the advantage of linking eastern and western regions to eastern regions .
anhui should firmly seize the opportunity of promoting the rise of central china , always uphold the central task of economic construction , and closely integrate the reality of anhui with the actual situation in conscientiously implementing the central authorities ' principles and policies , creatively carry out work , and implement the scientific development concept in concrete measures and in practical work .
we should sum up practical experience in a timely manner , fully rely on the masses , vigorously support reform and innovation , and continuously open up new prospects for anhui 's work .
we should actively promote the building of a harmonious society , and persist in making the realization of the goal of protecting the fundamental interests of the broadest masses of people the starting point and the end - result of all our work , actively create conditions , and gradually resolve the practical problems of the masses in difficulties . we should gradually adjust the distribution relations of the labor relations between urban and rural areas , gradually change the two - yuan structure of urban and rural areas , and gradually narrow the gap between regions , and
wu bangguo stressed : china has reached the stage where it is necessary to rely more on strengthening its ability to innovate independently and improving the quality of laborers to promote economic and social development . only by vigorously promoting scientific and technological progress and innovation can it achieve a leap in the quality of productive forces , and can it truly turn economic and social development into the track of scientific development .
we should establish and improve as soon as possible the system and mechanism that are conducive to innovation , increase input in science and technology , encourage patent invention , develop famous brands , speed up the transformation of scientific and technological achievements into real productive forces , strengthen the dominant position of enterprises in independent innovation , and continuously improve the contribution rate of scientific and technological progress to economic growth .
we should support and encourage technical elements to participate in the distribution of products , and establish and improve statistical indexes that reflect their ability to innovate on their own , and study and formulate financial taxes and government procurement policies that support independent innovation , so as to form a policy system that encourages independent innovation .
we should cultivate a sense of innovation in the entire society , vigorously advocate the spirit of daring to innovate and compete with others , and strive to create a good atmosphere for the emergence of talent in large numbers .
wu bangguo pointed out : the npc has played a positive role in the process of building a socialist country ruled by law .
to do a good job in the work of people 's congresses under the new situation , first , it is necessary to uphold the correct political orientation , unswervingly follow the road of socialist political development with chinese characteristics , and organically integrate the adherence to the party 's leadership with the ruling of the country by law .
second , it is necessary to closely center on the overall situation of the party and state work , closely focus on major issues in reform , development , and stability , and carry out work in close connection with hot and difficult problems that the masses are concerned about , and constantly enhance the practical results of the npc work .
third , it is necessary to give play to the characteristics and advantages of the work of the npc , uphold democratic centralism , handle affairs strictly according to the procedures , and make collective decisions on problems .
we should persist in taking the mass line , take people as the foundation , exercise power for the people , and link the people with the people and work for the interests of the people .
china proposes to increase investment in science research in the next 15 years
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a new international investment fund to promote sustainable development in order to enhance china 's international competitiveness , the state council issued the " state medium and long - term scientific and technological development program ( 2006 - 2020 ) " on the 9th , which has provided four major scientific research plans .
these four major scientific projects are the protein proteins research project .
the program pointed out that protein science is the most important field of life science that is keen on contention among developed countries .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on studying the redundant tutorial system for important biological systems , such as the genetic tuberculosis , the rostrum of the rostrum , the rostrum , the roof of the royal college of biological and biological physics , and the role of the royal protein physics , and the interrelated biology and applied research .
the outline also maintains that the study of quantitative regulation and control is of a clear perspective and is likely to be completed in 2020 and 30 years .
china should focus on research on the carrier and the regulation and control principles and methods of quantitative communications , calculate the number of small - sized micro - electronics systems , and make the quantitative regulation and control standards and the new methods of measurement .
in addition , the program pointed out that nanotechnology has become a key force for many countries to enhance their core competitiveness , and is also a major field for china to achieve leap - and - bound development .
in the next 15 years , china will continue to make breakthroughs in the research of nanotechnology , including the control of the production of nanogram materials , and will also be able to make it a success of the research .
china 's population growth is large , its birth flaws are too great , and the country 's transplant organs are seriously short of demand . the peak of aging is imminent , so it is urgently necessary to make breakthroughs in and technological innovations in the research and development of crop and sped - out scientific theories .
according to the outline , the year 2006 - 2020 will focus on the research of stem cells increasing the size of the cells , regulation and control , and the mature death of crying ststallization and reactionary function of human bodies .
shanghai 's housing price drop last year was almost 7 percentage points lower than last year .
shanghai , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will continue to implement the reform of the housing market in 2005 , according to the report
according to the latest data , shanghai housing construction registered a growth of 2.8 percent last year , up from the previous year .
of the total , the increase in housing prices was 6.6 percentage points lower than the previous year , while the added value of the real estate industry decreased 4.1 percent over the previous year .
pan jianxin , director of the shanghai municipal bureau of statistics , said at a news conference recently that in 2005 , the average sales price of residential housing in shanghai municipality was 6698 yuan / square meters , up 313 yuan over 2004 .
the prices of domestic goods were up 9.22 percent over the previous year , down 6.6 percent from the same period last year .
the annual real estate sector added value to 670.23 billion yuan , down 4.11 percent from the previous year .
in the balance of loans in financial institutions , the balance of personal housing loans was 264.94 billion yuan , up by only 2.9444 billion yuan in the year , and the amount of new loans was 1.494 billion yuan in 2004 , up by 72.09 billion yuan .
pan jianxin said : from the year - on - year sales price of shanghai real estate , the prices of commodity housing have been stable and declining .
the statistics also showed that according to the latest data , by 2005 , shanghai real estate prices rose somewhat , with the housing prices falling back somewhat . the average sales price of residential housing was 6698 yuan / square meters , up 34.3 percent from 2004 .
in 2005 , the housing sales price level rose by 9.79 percent over the previous year , and the increase rate was 6.2 percentage points lower than the previous year .
he said that shanghai 's city completed real estate development investment of 124.6 billion yuan last year , up 24.8 percent from the previous year .
the sales area was 3158.87 million square meters , down 9.55 percent .
the sales of commercial housing in the whole year was 21.16 billion yuan , down 4.55 percent from the previous year .
two light aircraft collided in new zealand
xinhua news agency , wellington , february 9 , two new zealand light aircraft crashed into a sea area of about 100 kilometers north of wellington , capital of new zealand , killing one and injuring two people on board .
according to relevant responsible persons of the local civil aviation department , the flight safety of the two aircraft is the most important part of the flight school of the marxi university . they are also undergoing training and have not obtained any flight license .
the two planes were flying at the non - air control area during the incident , and according to regulations , the pilot flew in such a zone and should respond to the navigation and security situation of the plane .
a man who was at the scene of the incident was told by the new zealand media that he had heard the huge explosions when the plane collided and saw the plane 's crashing toward the ground at a speed .
another witness also confirmed that
the us side is still not aware of the cause of the collision , and the local civil aviation department will conduct an investigation on this .
china , argentina to strengthen cooperation
xinhua news agency , buenos aires , february 8 ( reporter : cao yu ) - the argentine overseas chinese and chinese nationals residing in argentina , the association for promoting china 's peaceful reunification , issued a solemn statement on the 8th , condemning chen shui - bian 's recent remarks that attempt to split taiwan from china , and opposing any plot to attempt to split taiwan from china .
the statement said that chen shui - bian issued on 29 january that he would " abolish the national unification council 's appeals and the national unification guidelines . "
compatriots on both sides of the strait have expressed their hope for peace , and the desire for peace and development for development by taiwan compatriots will face severe challenges .
the statement pointed out that resolutely opposing and containing taiwan independence forces ' separatist activities and safeguarding peace and stability in the taiwan strait region remains the common wish of compatriots on both sides of the strait and chinese people throughout the world .
the statement stressed that the argentine china council for promoting peaceful reunification is willing to work with all political parties and organizations of overseas chinese and ethnic chinese in argentina who uphold the one - china principle , resolutely oppose any form of emigration and actively promote china 's peaceful reunification .
prc scholar urges us to promote military threat to china beijing , 20 apr ( xinhua ) -- the us government has been denounced for its military threat .
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a national missile defense ( nmd ) system to provide the congress with a legal basis for the defense review , the pentagon said here today
experts believe that this is a serious provocation against china 's normal national defense construction , and exaggerating china 's military threat theory is a serious interference in china 's internal affairs .
the " report on defense evaluation for four years " is a new defense guidance document of the pentagon .
the 1992 page , which contains 92 pages , uses three sections on china 's military strength and the us response strategy to deal with it , and the report has directly mentioned 15 times that china has a total of four cases of leakage or gemini in china , and says that it is a major and emerging power , and china 's most powerful country with the greatest potential to compete with the united states , and if the united states does not have anti - measures , it will be very
professor zhang junjiu , research fellow of the world military research department of the chinese academy of military sciences , said : although us senior officials have expressed similar views on many occasions before , this is the first time that the united states has raised a proposal in the strategic national defense report that it is most likely to pose a military challenge to the united states .
the report clearly defines the russian royal family of china as a newly emerging strategic opponent for the first time , and especially the so - called china military threat theory .
zhang junjiu , a researcher at the chinese academy of military sciences , said :
what merits attention is that in the " four - year defense evaluation report , " the united states has been the first country to make a report to congress on the fiscal year 2007 .
if the things are added to the plan for the military action in iraq and afghanistan ,
peng guangqian maintained that the us government 's speculation that the threat of a other country reflects the fact that the pentagon has consistently created an enemy 's style , and its real purpose is to win more national defense expenses and to create a favorable environment for the us arms industry .
experts say that the huge military spending of the united states is not much less important than that of the united states .
he has been involved in many military experts and scholars who have participated in the drafting of china 's national defense white paper . he said : since the 1990 's , with economic development , china 's national defense expenditures have increased , but the proportion of the state 's fiscal expenditure has been on the whole showing a decline .
official statistics show that the total volume of exports in 2004 was $ 28.6 billion compared with 1979 , up 24.7 percent from the same period last year .
china 's defense spending in 2005 was 244.65 - billion yuan , up 24.6 percent from the previous year , and the national defense spending was only about $ 24.6 - billion , equivalent to about one - third of the us military spending . the per capita military spending was about one - third of the us military spending .
the area of land in the united states and china 's territory are roughly equal , but the difference in military spending is so huge . who is the military force going beyond the normal defense needs ? this is an indisputable fact .
" the government has been actively promoting the development of the industry , " said mr pang .
china 's arms control and disarmament association director teng jianqun said that the us side should objectively assess china 's military construction , and china 's peaceful development does not mean that china and the united states will continue to maintain military superiority .
the " 2004 china 's national defense " white paper says : china firmly follows the road of peaceful development and practices a defensive national defense policy .
china has no way of doing things in the past or in the future , nor will it pose a threat to any country .
so far , china has not established any military bases in any other countries , nor has it sent military bases to other countries .
professor li jifeng of the international relations college of beijing university said : china and the united states should , through the established channels , increase communication and exchanges , enhance understanding and trust , and comprehensively advance the strategic partnership between china and the united states in the new century , and jointly promote world peace and development .
( winter olympics ) turin winter olympics opening ceremony to begin
xinhua news agency , dublin , february 9 , by wire ( reporter ying yan tao ) - the opening ceremony of the 20th winter olympics will be held at 8 : 00 on the evening of the 10th local time in the capital of the capital city of turin .
on 9 september , the assembly committee of the turin winter olympic games disclosed to reporters the brilliant arrangements for the opening ceremony .
the chinese delegation , led by its president kactai tabani , expressed his confidence in the opening ceremony .
he said : the night of the 10th will be a day of unforgettable memory . at that time , 350,000 people at the meeting and some 200 - billion television viewers around the world will see the scene full of passion and success in the opening ceremony of the opening ceremony of the grand opening ceremony of the grand opening ceremony , which was full of the grand occasion .
the flames of fierce competition were filled with red heart and soul five rings of peace .
the famous italian designer , amini , specially designed the clothing for the opening ceremony , and famous italian fashion brands migo , will be the first to lead the athletes to the ceremony .
however , the famous italian bodyguards , pavarotti , will speak loudly at the opening ceremony , and the organizing committee will put this suspense in the final .
eight people who can flame flames and rings , athletes will use three meters to drive away the flames .
officials of the organizing committee held that this was the most favorite one in their opening - up performance .
and on how to lit the main torch , the organizing committee did not disclose it ahead of schedule , but the main torch platform , which is as high as 57 meters , will be lightly lit the people in the city and residents in the nearby alps mountain .
white house announces bush 's plan to visit china in march
washington , february 9 ( xinhua ) the united states has decided to cut the number of its troops in iraq by one year , according to a white house spokesman , mcleren , on the 9th
mcclellan said that bush is looking forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he also said that he is now making a positive arrangement for this visit .
mcclellan made the above remarks when holding various demonstrations in some areas of pakistan to protest the blasphemy of islam 's predecessor mohammed .
in january this year , bush met with pakistani prime minister aziz at the white house , and both sides expressed their willingness to strengthen friendly cooperation to jointly crack down on terrorism that jeopardizes the security of the two countries .
bush also said that at the invitation of the pakistani and indian governments , he will pay an official visit to pakistan and india in march .
china : hamas to form cabinet to break through
xinhua news agency , ramallah , february 9 ( international observation ) hamas is seeking a breakthrough in forming a cabinet to break through
xinhua news agency reporter wang haohuang
the palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) won the election of the legislative committee , how to draw a new government blueprint has become the focus of attention in the world at present .
what kind of new policy will hamas pursue directly affects the peace process in the next step of the relevant policy orientation .
at the same time , the resistance attitude of the united states and israel has added to the prospects of the hamas government .
at present , all the palestinian parties are stepping up their consultations and conducting consultations on the formation of a cabinet , which involves the difficulties and sensitive points of future development .
the premier 's position has flowed , and which family has spent ?
hamas has won the power to form a cabinet , and people outside have worried that hamas 's death might be related to the current top leader abbas .
in addition , the visiting hamas leader mahmoud abbas stressed that the organization of palestine 's new government would not recognize israel , which is the hardline signal that has aggravated the international community 's anxiety .
the united states and israel have explicitly expressed that they will not accept a hamas government that has the actual power and threatened to dissolve economic aid to palestine and to transfer taxes to palestine .
however , this does not prevent hamas from making a flexible policy adjustment , and it is not easy to elect an independent person .
it is reported that in order to maximize international recognition , the egyptian government has recently gathered in egypt 's domestic and foreign leaders to elect independent people , sabah , the chairman of the board of directors of the islamic university , to serve as new prime minister .
this move has not been endorsed by the relevant parties .
palestinian analysts , hussein , said that regardless of the cost of the prime minister 's position , the most important thing is that the candidate for the prime minister should try his best to descend hamas ' hard - line east color , and only thus can it guarantee the success of forming the cabinet .
the power is distributed in a certain way .
in terms of internal affairs , the most important task facing the hamas cabinet is to lack sufficient experience in governing .
the palestinian newspaper " zanzibar " analyzed in an article that hamas has gathered people to gather in the capital through social welfare projects , but lacks experience in governing , and has no connection with the palestinian national liberation movement ( fatah ) , which has experience in governing , and is the best way to cooperate .
after the election , hamas proposed a new political order with fatah , which is a political partner , and jointly formed a national coalition government . however , fatah has not given a positive response to this day .
the situation in fatah is still very grim at present , and there are no one who advocates taking part in the new government , and the other is rejecting hamas 's invitation , and is willing to hold a referendum on whether to join the new government .
the source pointed out : under the advice of abbas , the fatah has gradually become a new government .
even so , hamas and fatah also will be able to reach a consensus on the distribution of cabinet positions .
in addition , the other way is to form a framework for the legislative affairs commission to break away from the party affiliation .
it is reported that hamas has also designed a clear - cut expert government , but it is not yet clear about the specific list .
in view of the attitude of the united states and israel , the technical expert - type government has no choice but to form a cabinet that can reduce external pressure .
according to the provisions of the palestinian basic law , the new legislative council will be elected on 16 february . the nomination of the prime minister and the cabinet will be completed within three weeks and five weeks .
the armed forces are doomed to failure : the chinese people are still facing the task of following the path of armed force .
the weapons in the hands of hamas are another issue facing the establishment of a new government .
the attitude of the united states and israel is very tough , and they resolutely demand that hamas give up violence and reject its armed participation in politics .
hamas leader mahmud al-mahmoud stressed on 9 november that armed resistance is a strategic choice of the organization .
the armed problem in fact includes the legality of weapons and the ownership of armed forces management .
the hamas 's political and economic reforms are not the only way to achieve the goal of achieving a balanced and balanced development of the economy .
hamas once proposed that the armed forces of all factions be reunified as the people 's army that is under the state of national power , but it has not received any extensive response . it has also been criticized by the palestinian islamic jihad organization ( jad ) .
palestine now has more than 60,000 security personnel , and most of them are from the fatah camp .
in addition , fatah also has some organizational relations that are loose , and some other factions , such as alexander martyrs ' brigades , tahathir , and so on .
the hamas , which is in charge of forming the cabinet , must hold discussions with abbas on how to manage the armed forces that are in charge of each side , and rationally distribute the power of safe management .
according to local media reports , abbas is deliberately in charge of security and intelligence units , police , civil defense organizations , and other organizations , while abbas is under the charge of the internal affairs department of the new government .
however , the parties are still discussing this sensitive issue , and so far no progress has been made .
china issues first report on polar exploration
beijing , february 10 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a national marine corps in the country to provide a comprehensive and comprehensive inspection of the country 's marine resources , said the state oceanic administration ( ssa ) here today
the " report " comprehensively reflects the fact that china 's polar scientific research activities in 2005 are extremely concentrated on logistics support , the polar earth conservation , and the major progress and results of the scientific research .
according to the " report , " on 9 january 2005 , at 2:15 ( beijing time ) , the southern pole of china will inspect the iceberg area of the interior , successfully climbing to the antarctic , the highest altitude of iceberg , which is located in the south pole , and will be held at 1315 hours ( beijing time ) on 18 january . the high - speed journey of the ice - sq 493 meter high point was
competition is becoming increasingly fierce in the international arena for polar observation . chinese people are like a strong competitor and a strong will and dauntless spirit . they are bold in opening up new fields . they are the first to conduct scientific research on the highest point of the antarctic ice - covered mountain slope and successfully achieve the goal of mankind 's development in the antarctic ocean .
the director of the state oceanic administration , mr sun zhighui , said :
the " report " shows that on 24 march 2005 , the 21st meeting of the antarctic expedition team successfully completed its mission and returned to shanghai . the current inspection lasted 151 days , with 2,500 nautical miles .
on 18 november of the same year , china held its 22 nd antarctic expedition team to shanghai and went to the zhongshan station of antarctic to conduct scientific examinations , and will hold a scientific and technological exchange of visits to the zhongshan station before the end of february 2006 .
since it was the first time china issued a polar inspection report , the " 2005 china polar inspection report " has also made some specific demands on the work of the " china polar exploration project " which was started in the early 1980 's .
according to the " report , " china officially joined the " antarctic treaty " in 1983 and became a member of the organization of the antarctic treaty . it has successively become a signatory of the national emulation science research council , which is under consultation with the south polarized treaty .
in 1997 , china became the member of the beijing polytechnic committee , and won the international standing committee 's say and decision - making power in international polar affairs .
the " report " points out : over the past 20 - plus years , china has never stopped examining its polar land . it has developed continuously , and has its initial shape . it has formed three stations : one ship of the third stop of the jiemu gongbei scientific expedition system . that is , the antarctic bridge established in february 1985 , the southern polarized center of the antarctic in february 1989 , and the north yellow river pole station established in july
the report says that by 2005 , the total number of chinese enterprises that have been engaged in antarctic scientific research on 22 occasions has risen to 22 , and the number of snowstorm - torpedo vessels has been listed as the " dragon boat " in the arctic expedition on the beidou bridge . up to now , more than 3,000 people have visited the huanghe river eletic elephant in the north to inspect the arctic elephant ele@@
currently , we are working hard to build the third antarctic expedition station , and also the first antarctic expedition station in china to conduct feasibility study and research .
sun zhighui said :
after more than 20 years of efforts , china 's polar expedition has been playing a significant role in the world 's polar exploration .
he said .
sun zhighui revealed that china will publish a book on polar exploration every year in the future .
china , castro to enhance cooperation in economy , trade
xinhua news agency , havana , february 10 ( reporter : zhou zhengyi ) - cuban president castro met with visiting cuban president fidel castro on the 10th . both sides expressed that they would continue to strengthen education and science and technology cooperation .
president castro warmly welcomed state councilor chen zhili on his visit to cuba .
he said : cuban - chinese relations are very friendly and high - level visits have been frequent , and this has effectively promoted and strengthened the friendship and mutual understanding between the two sides . he expressed the hope that the two countries will continue to deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in all fields , including education and science and technology .
chen zhili said : cuba is the third country in latin america and the caribbean region that has important influence .
china and cuba have enjoyed a long history of friendly exchanges .
cuba is the first country to establish diplomatic relations with new china .
after entering the new century , with the concern and promotion of the leaders of the two countries , the political mutual trust between the two countries has become increasingly deepened , the scope of cooperation has been expanded , and mutual support and cooperation in international affairs have been strengthened . the friendly relations between china and cuba have entered a new period of all - round development .
she believed that with the joint efforts of both sides , the friendly cooperation between china and cuba will certainly be more fruitful .
chen zhili also pointed out that the chinese government has always attached importance to the exchange and cooperation with cuba in the field of education .
in recent years , the two countries have been conducting educational exchanges with each other , and frequent personnel contacts have been made .
china actively supports the international conference held by the cuban side and also sent a delegation to attend the international conference on higher education and the 2005 conference on eliminating illiteracy .
cuba 's basic education level is very high , and it hopes that in the future , it will further strengthen relevant experience exchange .
chen zhili said : china and cuba have made great achievements in scientific and technological research and development , and they can promote the development of their respective countries through cooperation in various fields .
the chinese side has provided aid to some cuban scientific research equipment , and hopes to play a positive role in cuban scientific research and production .
she also briefed castro on china 's strategy of rejuvenating the country through science and education and the national scientific and technological conference .
chen zhili arrived in cuba on the invitation of the cuban government on 9 february local time to begin his official visit to cuba .
during this period , chen zhili met with cuban high school minister of education vincent siew and inspected havana university .
the accident occurred on the beijing - kazakhstan highway , where the leakage of oil leaked out was blocked .
harbin , february 11 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will continue to implement the strategy of developing the national economy and building a well - off society in an all - round way , according to the official statistics bureau
according to the traffic police of the shuangcheng city public security bureau , at about 2300 on 10 april , a fire broke out at 58 km of the jingha highway , and a car named emitted by a car and a oil tanker collided with each other , causing a cracks leaking in the oil tank . the discarded oil debris flowing into the road .
it is understood that the tanker was carrying a tar - powered scrambling for oil after producing coke .
the dense smoke of waste oil is very high , and at the same time , it is afraid that fire has occurred in the past when vehicles were in danger , and relevant departments have already closed the road to the scene of the accident .
the main part of the highway from harbin to shuangcheng is closed , and many vehicles are bypassed .
at present , relevant departments are screening the scene , and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
hk : hk to enhance security in hk
hong kong , february 11 ( xinhua ) the hong kong hutchison whampoa company limited announced on the 11 th that it would implement its flag - raising company 3 rd silk road business plan .
and the general manager of the huang group , mr henry fok , said that although the 3 rd italy has been approved by all relevant supervisory institutions on the market , the listing procedures of the company must be completed within the next few weeks , and the time is too busy .
at the same time , the current downturn in the european telecommunications market may not necessarily be able to give rise to the three italian lemons at this moment .
in view of the fact that the shareholders have the greatest interest to be given the consideration , they have decided to postpone the listing .
as for when to reopen the stock market , mr fok said that it would depend on the future development of the european telecommunications market .
he said : from now on to another day , the situation of italy 's three springs needed to be extensively educated by investors . this would enable global investment market to become more clear about the three major italian citylon currently .
according to another report , three italian girlfriends from the global coordination team , including gao sheng , chairman of the investment bank , agreed to use 420 million euros to sell their shares of 105 percent of the italian royal - based rotating stock in march this year .
china , india to strengthen economic , trade ties
yangon , february 12 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to provide a new security guarantee for the development of the chinese economy , said chinese ambassador to myanmar komu and economic and business counselor tang hai on the eve of myanmar 's prime minister soe win 's visit to china on the 14th
" the chinese government has been working hard to promote the development of friendly relations between the two countries , " said the ambassador .
tang hainian , who is also a member of the political bureau of the cpc central committee , said that the two countries have maintained high - level visits and have effectively promoted the development of bilateral economic and trade cooperation .
the 2004 high - level exchange of visits between the two countries was held in beijing , with 33 documents on economic and trade cooperation , and most of them are being implemented and implemented .
he said : 2004 was 11.4 - billion us dollars , and by 2005 , the figure reached $ 1.209 - billion , of which china 's exports were 9.35 - billion , and imports were $ 274 - billion .
last year , china 's yunnan and burma 's trade ( including border trade ) grew by 2-7 percent to 630 - million us dollars , up 14.6 percent over the previous year .
tang said that myanmar has become china 's largest trading partner in the project .
chinese enterprises have invested in myanmar in projects , which have brought about a rise in the export of various kinds of complete sets of electromechanical products , and burma has become an important market for china 's export of complete sets of equipment and mechanical and electrical products .
according to statistics from the chinese customs , in the past five to six years , the export of mechanical and electrical products has accounted for about 45.5 percent of china 's total export volume to burma .
tang jiaxuan also said that the rich resources of burma and chinese companies have started investing in burma 's oil and natural gas embryos and copper mining resources . the economic and trade cooperation between china and burma has great potential .
he hoped that chinese enterprises will have a long - term view , learn to avoid risks , make prudent decisions , and establish good business image and gain the benefits of projects .
the ambassador and the director of the state administration of customs and the minister of foreign affairs tang haoji held that the official visit to china by prime minister shao is a major event in the bilateral relations this year , and is of great significance to enhancing political mutual trust , promoting bilateral cooperation , and further developing the sino - burmese good - neighborly and friendly relations .
it is expected that the two sides will sign several documents on economic and trade cooperation during the visit .
the world bank plans to reduce or reduce the poorest debt
moscow , february 11 ( xinhua ) world bank president wolfowitz said in moscow on the 11 th that the world bank would completely remove the poorest countries ' debt before the middle of this year .
wolfowitz met with the chinese delegation to the g - 8 finance ministers meeting in moscow on the same day .
in his statement issued after the meeting , he said that the world bank will provide a loan to the poor before 1 july this year , and the world bank is now completing all technical work .
last year , the world bank donor countries totally exempted from the debts owed by 28 countries and said that they would provide the trust fund with a leeway .
the imf 's creditor 's rights are relatively small , and the imf has increased its debt by 20 percent since the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz 's dismissal of 16 african countries ' debts to russia expressed welcome .
the high - definition digital television has gradually become the mainstream in the united states
new york , february 12 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will continue to work with the united states to develop a digital television system , which is designed to produce a high resolution of the issue , said fan xiaolin , director of the television department of the chinese people 's liberation army ( pla ) , here today .
the us imperial court , which just ended , has a big ride .
according to a report by the financial times a few days ago , the us congress recently passed a bill , which stipulates that the us broadcasting industry must submit a complete stop to the broadcasting of the current analogy television signal on 17 february 2009 , and only digital signals can be broadcast .
this means that the us television program has comprehensively digitized and has a clear timetable .
high resolution digital television sets are on the one hand relying on consumers to purchase television sets , while on the other hand it depends on the production agency to provide high - resolution digital programs .
although digital television has been classified repeatedly in the past few years , it has never become a reality .
this problem has turned for the better this year .
according to the forecast of the consumer electronics association , the number of digital television sets will be sold in the united states for the first time in this year , and the number of digital television sets will exceed that of traditional tv sets , 85.0 % are high - resolution products .
japanese researchers develop new high - efficiency kidney - building
tokyo , february 13 ( xinhua ) the japanese government has decided to set up a research center for the development of biofilters , which is not only related to the kidney of human beings , but also has the capacity to build a new type of biological device that is compatible with the kidney of the human beings , and also has the functions of retaining the functions of the kidney .
according to a report by the nianchi industrial news , the newly developed biomass kidney is mainly composed of two parts , and some are made from blood filtering .
the creator of a kidney and a cranket of mud were all made by the caves of the middle air , and the beam was made by the beam .
this skin cell can make several blood transfusion causes the diseases that have been exposed .
in the past , the human kidneys were different from those filtering through penetration , and could not be completely treated .
researchers use mountain sheep to conduct biofilters transplant experiments . human - kidney - building experiments are conducted .
two weeks later , researchers confirmed that the kidney was able to function .
at present , they are developing and using the biofilters of human kidney , and will be able to make a report to the clinical research after verifying the safety of the kidney .
china 's power production safety is still facing severe challenges
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the state council 's state power supervision and management committee said on the 13th that although power safety production remained stable in 2005 , the state power supervision and management committee still faces severe challenges .
the state administration of radio , film and television ( csrc ) , and the state council 's state power safety supervision committee , held here on the fifth ( enlargement ) meeting , said that in 2005 , china 's power safety production was generally stable and successfully completed the task of taking over the summer peak , achieving safety in electricity supply , actively responding to the invasion of natural disasters , and basically ensuring safe and stable operation of the power system , and ensuring the safe operation of power production equipment and general
however , he pointed out that with the changes in the situation of power supply and demand and the successive inputs of new power generating units , the production of power safety will face new challenges .
these challenges include : regional climax rhythm , and electricity shortage will still exist , and some areas ' electricity supply situation is still in a tight condition , and the problem of a benign mechanism for electricity prices has not yet formed , resulting in a relatively big problem in electricity supply . at the same time , the problem of the drop in electricity quality has not been effectively controlled , and the problem of the steady operation of power generating units will be seriously affected .
shi yubo said : with the deepening of the reform of the power system , many deep - seated contradictions will be continually exposed , and how to maintain the stability of the workers ' ranks and ensure normal production order will become new problems facing us .
in view of the 2006 work of power safety , shi yubo said that it is necessary to further consolidate the foundation of the work of power safety production management , speed up the establishment and improvement of the power safety emergency management mechanism , and improve the ability to cope with sudden incidents , and strengthen coordination and cooperation with the power network to jointly safeguard the safety of the power system , and continue to do a good job in supervising and managing the safety of the power station 's dam and in the use of information
it is reported that in connection with the new situation in power safety management , the china power regulatory commission will make a comprehensive review of the " interim regulations on the investigation of power production accidents " that has been promulgated this year . at the same time , the relevant regulations on the safety of the major dam of the hydroelectric power station and the safety protection of the second system of the safety of the power generation system will be issued one after another this year .
in 2005 , the total consumption of electricity in china reached 24.689 billion kilowatts , up 13.455 percent over the same period last year .
in the face of the situation of power supply and demand still being tight , the contradictions of coal , electricity , oil , and transportation are conspicuous , and the power enterprises have taken effective measures to strengthen equipment management . last year , there was no exceptionally serious accident in the production of power in the whole country .
the accident occurred 74 times , which was a year - on - year decline of 127 , and the accident occurred 427 times , which was 132 times less than the same period last year .
the south african minister said that south africa does not have a group of organizations to attack chinese citizens ' criminal acts .
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a consulate in beijing to provide assistance to the chinese embassy in south africa to help the chinese people in the south african country to develop their friendly ties with the chinese people , said a senior official of the chinese embassy in south africa .
he also said that the south african government will spare no effort to crack down on all forms of crime .
fu said that the south african government hopes to raise the rate of crime to zero .
since 2006 , more than four chinese citizens have been killed in a series of incidents in south africa , and the chinese world has expressed a lot of attention to this .
the chinese foreign ministry has already made representations to south africa and has reminded the chinese citizens in south africa to further enhance their awareness of security and prevention , and strengthen unity and friendship among overseas chinese , and cooperate with the police in cracking down on criminal activities .
we are grateful to the families of the victims .
" the price of the products is too high , " said fu kangning .
according to the chinese embassy in south africa , the south african police have successfully cracked a case on 5 february in which chinese fujian woman chen jianqing was killed in south africa , and a suspect has been arrested .
police are hunting for another suspect .
in addition , the south african embassy in china has revealed that in january this year , the criminals suspected of shooting down hong kong businessmen have been arrested by the south african police , and the victim 's property has been recovered .
on the chinese citizens ' possible assassination , jiang said that the chinese government has always attached importance to the prevention of the spread of the case .
the chinese delegation arrived here on tuesday for a four - day visit to south africa , which will last for more than 2,000 hours , according to the official statistics .
according to official statistics , the south african economy has a relatively high growth rate of over 10 percent in 2005 , and the number of people in south africa is expected to reach a record high of more than 20 percent .
the volume of bilateral trade reached $ 72.7 billion , up 23.7 percent over the same period last year .
however , the tourism industry believes that in 2004 , the continuous incident of chinese citizens ' assassination caused great damage to the number of chinese tourists traveling to south africa .
the south african tourism administration statistics show that in the first half of 2005 , chinese tourists to south africa will reach 20331 , down 14.93 percent over the same period last year .
the chinese living in south africa now have around 200,000 people , and the chinese living in the cities and villages in south africa are spread everywhere .
analysts here believe that the gap between south africa 's social wealth and poor , the unemployment rate , and the spread of guns are high , and there is no threat to death , so the crime rate is high .
because many chinese do not understand english , they have a cash with their own homes , and they are more prone to become targets of criminal elements ' financial attacks .
hk : hk to promote employment english learning and development
hong kong , february 13 ( xinhua ) the hong kong special administrative region ( hksar ) government launched a new scheme on the 13th to allow more serving people to raise their english standard .
this , with the spirit of good study and great prosperity in life , is a project to promote the development of the chinese nation through a series of promotional activities .
so far , the scheme has provided nearly 25,000 people with financial assistance to complete the vocational english training course , enabling them to meet the relevant professional standards in hong kong .
hong kong 's english movement , the hong kong special administrative region government 's english campaign in 2000 , was launched in 2000 .
the campaign for english language proficiency provides an important part of the workplace english training scheme .
the scheme aims to help employers to use english language in their work , through participation in training and participation in the designated international business english examinations , to achieve their relevant standards .
the aids testing and testing system is implemented in a free market .
xinhua news agency , shijiazhuang , february 14 ( reporter dong zhiyong ) - the hebei provincial health department recently formulated and issued the " hebei province voluntary consultation and testing plan for aids " ( trial implementation ) , which clearly laid down the goal of implementing free tuke tuition for hiv testing and testing , hoping to discover as much as possible the contagious and patient who are infected with aids , and further implement measures to prevent interference and prevent the spread of sars .
the " proposal " has clearly defined the status of the hebei province 's voluntary consultation and testing work : the testing and consultation of aids resistance and the implementation of free treatment , the testing and voluntary consultation of aids resistance , the consultation and agreement of the information , the testing and secrecy of aids resistance , consultation and secrecy , and the evaluation of relevant activities of the consular masses ;
the " proposal " requires that the aids consultation and testing points should be set up at the locations where the consultation is convenient , and to protect the selfish privacy of the consulting personnel , there should be a room that can conduct one - on - one consultation .
the choice of consulting personnel should take into full consideration the feeling of being indifferent to personal quality , knowledge , and ability to exchange information .
to protect the privacy of the consulting person , the testing system can use the code or number to register the person .
the " proposal " also requires that the health administration departments at and above the county level should release the latest information on the local media that they bear free aids and free medical and health services for free medical treatment in their own areas , and make it convenient for the masses to get to know about the relevant information .
the ministry of public security still has a focus of its work in extorting confessions by torture .
beijing , february 14 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a special police force to crack down on illegal activities of illegal immigrants , said a senior official of the police and police inspectors bureau of the ministry of public security , in response to a question raised by foreign reporters at a news conference here today
the key point of the work of the inspectors is to prevent the occurrence of these problems .
he also pointed out that some international organizations have been very concerned about the law enforcement situation of the chinese police , and this is not completely true .
the latest information provided by the ministry of public security on 14 april shows that the ministry of public security has issued the " regulations on the registration of detaining and keeping of public security organs " in 2002 , which states : " the provisions on the application of continuing interrogations by public security organs " have better ensured that grassroots public security organs are applied to interrogations according to law .
since 1997 , the state has made great efforts to further promote three management projects ( namely , harnessing torture , extorting torture to abuses of firearms and firearms , abuse coercive measures ) . the police inspectors of public security organs throughout the country have insisted on going deep into the police squadrons and squadrons , as well as grass - roots public security supervision and supervision institutions , such as the police corps , and the grass - roots public
to prevent law enforcement from the occurrence of the problem at source , the police inspectors further extended the area of law enforcement inspectors and intensified the enforcement of complaints against illegal passing of the rooftop of the rooftop of 110 .
hk : sun yun - hsuan meets taipei mayor beijing , july 8
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the taiwan delegation , which has served as honorary chairman of the taiwan straits exchange foundation , has been sent to beijing for treatment due to acute heart failure and failure due to acute heart infections and muscles , and was sent to taipei in the early morning of 15 february .
sun yun - hsuan was born on 11 november 1913 when he was a worker of shandong penglai and an electrical machinery department of harbin industrial university .
it is the first time that the kmt 's 10 th and 13 th central committee members and 11 th central standing committee members held the fourth central committee 's assessment committee , the presidium of the 14 th central committee of the chinese kuomintang , and the 15 th central committee 's evaluation committee members were elected .
he was once head of the taiwan authorities ' transportation department , and minister of economy qi jianguo and administrative detainees .
heilongjiang to promote ecological construction of songhua river water pollution
harbin , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a special task force to carry out the work of the songhua river in the dry period and the ice layers of the songhua river in order to do a good job in the follow - up monitoring and prevention of pollution in the river period .
this reporter learned from the heilongjiang environmental protection bureau that the " environmental protection bureau " , which was led by the state environmental protection administration , organized the work of the ecological environment impact evaluation and countermeasures to deal with the major pollution incident in the songhua river , has decided 15 special topics , which are divided into three categories : emergency environment evaluation and response evaluation of the ecological impact assessment and treatment of the snakeheads and pollution control project .
at present , there are 10 scientific research institutes in heilongjiang province , with more than 60 people taking up 14 technical research tasks .
it is reported that the environmental protection departments and relevant scientific research institutions will conduct a series of studies on the five special topics of the incident , namely , the evaluation and countermeasures research , and strive to solve environmental problems that the masses are eagerly concerned about .
among these , the main control over the concentration of pollutants from the surface is the impact of the pollution caused by the pollution of the total discharge volume of pollutants on the songhua river .
heilongjiang 's environmental protection departments will also intensify the construction of the environment along the songhua river and severely deal with illegal pollution discharge and illegal construction that cause serious pollution .
heilongjiang will send environmental law enforcement personnel to supervise and guide the localities to carry out comprehensive environmental protection work in small basins , improve the management system for the three gorges project , including the arashi river , the jiaohe river , and the yangtze river .
beijing university 's tomb to express condolences on wang xuan
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a new type of missile base in beijing after several days of intense preparation , and the beijing university has been building a great wall of steel in the great hall of the people on the morning of the 15 th . as of noon that day , hundreds of people had come to offer condolences .
at about 08:00 , the opening hours of the hearty hall were not yet arrived , and dozens of people were in front of the gate .
the reporter saw at the commemoration lecture to mark the centennial of beijing university that the wall of the hall was hanging on the wall of the hall , with black horizontal paintings , and mourning the death of wang xuan 's fellow .
the next horizontal wall is a dozen square meters of wreath of wang selected from wang . he wore a glass and smiled in the face , and he was elegant and elegant .
the two sides of the remains were placed on the side of the wreath , dozens of flower passes were separated from the other side .
one of the wrestle - making writers : the silk which started at qinsheng in tang shaohua 's brilliant foundation , and the first - hand meeting of the emeap with the lead of the modern age , the blueprint of the times .
the mourning at the mourning hall was low , and the atmosphere was filled with heavy sounds .
the crowd of people who mourned the memorial included leaders and teachers and students of beijing university , and friends of wang xigong , who was elected academician . many other friends who were not so close to him also rushed to the scene .
some of them lavished flowers in their hands , some carried flowers in their hands , and each of them took a small white bloom in front of their chest and slowly walked to the front of the legacy of wang 's elected academician , bowing their bows and bowing their sows .
many people could not help but shed tears .
he was the former director of the state cultural heritage bureau , zhang wenbin was an old alumni of beijing university . he told the reporter that more than ten years ago , he was still working in henan province , and he asked professor wang xuan to give a report on scientific and technological innovation to the provincial party committee cadres .
professor qi huanren was elected as an academic from among the people .
the beijing university law school 's professor jin ruilin , and professor wang xuan , who has been an old friend for more than 40 years , are old neighbors .
a few days ago , he was discharged and he insisted on talking to his old friend today .
mr jin said in his message to the media that he could not contain his own grief and wounds and repeatedly put on paper to scramble for the flames of the red .
he told the reporter that professor wang 's life was frugal , and tong fu garden was a place where he had already lived .
later he moved to the zizao , where he was in the 70 - 80 square meter room , and was also in more than ten years .
beijing university gave him a large amount of money and materials from the academician building of the blue chikhoi camp . he did not want it , and the high - level housing provided by fangjiu building did not want to go .
mr. jin recalled with deep feeling that wang ch'en was the first chinese foreign minister to receive a high - level treatment during his visit abroad , but he was determined to thank him .
in the beginning , he insisted on not applying for an academician , and was a teacher who had been mobilized many times before he could fill out the form after he had mobilized .
mr tony kam said that he was deeply touched by the attitude of wang ch'en to nurture young people . he repeatedly stressed that i still have any achievements and not just see what i am doing , but should rely on cultivating young people .
mr jin said that the 50 - year - old wang chose to pay attention to cultivating young people , and he has always stressed that it is necessary to pave the way , to be willing to be a ladder for the young people , and to give way to the young people .
this is a very successful case for scientists .
this reporter learned from the beijing university information center that from the morning of 15 february to the noon of 19 february , the daily traffic of the beijing university was from 9:00 to 1600 hours . the candlelight of wang xuan was open to the public to offer condolences to people of all walks of life .
the chinese people , who are praised as a national cppcc committee vice chairman , jianyu cangcaoyuan , academician of the chinese academy of engineering , and professor wang xuan , professor of the third world university of science , were hospitalized at 11:33 on 13 february after he died of illness . they died of illness in beijing at 11:33 in the age of 70 .
chinese , us presidents hold talks on bilateral ties beijing , march 26
wu bangguo attended the signing ceremony and signed the agreement .
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese people 's congress ( npc ) standing committee ( npc ) delegation arrived here on the afternoon of the 15 th to attend the fourth session of the china - chile parliament on the establishment of political dialogue relations , and to sign the agreement on the establishment of a political dialogue relationship between the two parliaments , which was signed here today .
the chinese npc and the chilean parliament have officially established their exchange mechanism .
it is reported that president of the chilean parliament roamo and house speaker arseno arseno arseno have already met with president jiang zemin in the chilean capital of santiago .
according to the agreement , the two sides will , in accordance with the principles set in the sino - chilean joint communique on the establishment of diplomatic relations , establish political dialogue between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament , set up a dialogue committee , and rotate to hold regular meetings between the two countries to jointly promote the comprehensive development of bilateral relations .
chilean ambassador to china kraf attended the signing ceremony .
china will promulgate rules for protection of information network
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a number of websites to provide a large number of reprinted newspapers and magazines to increase their number of clashes , but many of them have not been authorized and have not paid any expenses .
wang said : according to the existing law , the newspapers and periodicals have already published works , so long as the authors do not use them , they can use a statement , and newspapers and periodicals can not use their works without the consent of the author . at the same time , the state copyright bureau has specially formulated regulations on the payment of newspapers and periodicals for repayment .
however , according to the current law , the newspaper is entitled to this legal license .
in accordance with the relevant judicial explanations made by the supreme people 's court , the method of using newspapers and periodicals to turn over statutory permits can apply to the internet , namely , short articles published on the internet , and the author does not have a small statement of permission to use them , and the internet can not pass through the internet , and at the same time pay for remuneration .
however , the judicial interpretation is not in line with the standard of remuneration , so in reality , the use of these works by the internet does not have a pay for the benefits .
article 2 of these regulations have been published on the internet .
wang said : whether or not it is included in the law has been incorporated into the scope of law , and whether it is to be introduced this year , the regulations on protection of the right to disseminate information networks will be affirmed .
russia 's military says georgia 's parliament resolution will not affect russian peacekeeping
moscow , february 15 ( xinhua ) the russian federation has decided to set up a joint military exercise in the russian federation in the next few years , the official said here today
the russian state duma ( lower house of parliament ) chairman korunko said on the same day that the russian parliament 's resolution on the russian peacekeeping force was " very clear " , which would undermine the stability and stability of the region and would be of great significance to russian - georgian relations .
he stressed that the georgian parliament resolution has made the relations between russia and georgia move toward the direction of deterioration .
he said that georgia is very concerned about the accusations made by russia .
the georgian parliament passed a resolution on the same day , demanding that the russian peacekeeping force stop its peacekeeping operations in the southern ossetia , but it has not confirmed the specific deadline for the withdrawal of russian peacekeeping forces .
the georgian parliament accuses the russian peacekeeping personnel of not fulfilling the stipulated obligations and has taken the russian action in the conflict area as an attempt to swallow and georgia 's territory .
the georgian parliament urged the government to take active action to consider the possibility of stationing peacekeeping forces in the south ossetia clash area to replace the current peacekeeping operations in the region by russia .
the georgian parliament also instructed the government to revise and determine the number of russian peacekeeping personnel stationed in the conflict zone .
the southern ossetia is a autonomous state in georgia , and is linked to the republic of the northern ossetia of russia .
after the disintegration of the former soviet union , it declared independence on its own and was in a state of confrontation with the georgian central government for a long time .
at present , russia has deployed more than 500 troops in the region .
this unit was formed in accordance with the 1992 russian - georgia rita - northern ossetia , which was signed by four parties in the southern osaka ladder .
the fire broke out in the hospital of liaoyuan hospital , and four persons responsible for the fire will be prosecuted for the crime of being suspected of causing a major accident .
changchun , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a special medical team to deal with the fire , which was set up in the hospital , according to the sources
15 december 2005 , the liaoyuan city 's largest hospital , the jiesheng hospital , was hit by fire , and the death of 39 people was eventually caused .
in this fire , the fire broke out at 5,000 square meters .
it is understood that this is the first time that the national medical and health system has undergone a major fire since the founding of new china .
according to investigations , at 1630 hours on the day of the incident , a hospital in liaoyuan city suddenly stopped its power . according to the circuit design of the hospital , if the power - suspended or the electric cart - changing cart would automatically jump to the vice - entrance , it would continue to maintain normal power supply in the hospital , but the electrical gate had not automatically quit . zhang dianqun , head of the electrical work squad , had forced
the smoke - free underground cables at that time , more than 10 cables were unavoidable and unsettled .
therefore , the 57 - year - old liaoyuan textile company 's electrical installation team leader zhao yongchun was installed in liaoyuan electric company . he was retired ( senior engineer ) of the bureau of electrical engineering . sun fenglin , retired worker of the liaoyuan city center hospital , and three of his staff , were also arrested for suspected involvement in a major accident .
china 's first tour of guizhou
guiyang , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a special fund to build a water conservancy project in tianlong village , tianlong village , tianlong village , ping dam county , guizhou province , on the morning of the 16 th , and the children were filled with joy and joy .
at 10:30 , the 55gu praying activity ended , with the young and colorful shirts , the 80 - year - old zheng peimin , who was wearing a long - sleeves , sounded the first game of chinese tour in guizhou .
the tin lung tuen mun village is one of the typical examples of the development of tourism in guizhou 's rural areas and the national rural tourist demonstration point .
as a great country in the ming dynasty , the chinese people of the descendants of the tuen mun army , and the turbulence of the people have been present in the history of more than 600 years .
here , there is a red - colored string of blue sandy , which is wearing a big bow of blue sown , ancient han culture and dressing clothes are preserved in tuen mun village .
it is understood that the village , relying on this cultural tradition advantage , has started to develop rural villages since 2002 . in 2002 , it has only earned a total of 380,000 yuan of ticket income . the village has 47,000 yuan of income from the farmers through the catering and drinking , and selling of tourist products by peasant households through the " catering and drinking " tourism . the per capita income of farmers has increased from 1,300 yuan in 2002 to 2640 yuan in 2005 .
the guizhou provincial tourism administration has decided to set up a national tourism administration to provide a new tourist destination for the local tourist industry , the state tourism administration said .
so far , more than 130 villages in guizhou have launched various rural tourist activities .
in january , 70 urban housing prices rose 5.5 percent , and the housing prices continued to fall .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will continue to implement the strategy of developing the western regions to promote the development of the urban economy , said a senior official here tuesday
shanghai 's housing price continued to fall .
the state development and reform commission announced on 16 june that the statistics bureau of the state development and reform commission showed that in 70 large and medium - sized cities , the prices of housing sold in most of the cities were up by a small margin in january , with the rise in hohhot and haota surpassing 10 percent this year . the prices of shanghai housing sales continued to drop by a small margin , which was 0.4 percent lower than the same period last year .
same as the same as the same statistics , shanghai 's housing sales prices also rose by 2.9 percent in the first quarter of last year , and the prices of housing in shanghai have also risen by 19.1 percent .
in january this year , more than 60 new housing sold in 70 large and medium - sized cities increased 6.93 percent over the same period of last year , and the increase rate was lower than last month .
the housing prices of newly built commodities increased by a relatively high rate of 18.99 percent , huawei , and haoji 14.77 percent , respectively , respectively , 10.09 percent , jiao jianyu , jiuquan , jiemuquan , jiaoyang , jiaotong , jiaoyang , and jiaoyang , respectively , respectively , and 99.4 percent , respectively , respectively , and 94.7 percent , respectively .
the central organization department called for further intensifying the supervision and inspection of the selection and appointment of leading cadres and cadres .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the central organization department recently printed and distributed opinions on strengthening the supervision of cadres .
the opinions urged organization departments at all levels to proceed from the high - quality management and care for and love cadres , and to permeate the work of training cadres with education throughout the process of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres , and establish and improve a mechanism for strengthening supervision and supervision in preventing and correcting such phenomena as ruthless and stagnant work , and conscientiously strengthen supervision over the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing leading cadres and cadres .
the opinions pointed out : the main task of organizational departments ' supervision is to supervise the leading bodies and leading cadres , and the focus is on strengthening supervision over the principal responsible persons of the leading bodies , and the second is on the selection and appointment of leading cadres in party and government organizations . the focus is on the implementation of the " regulations on the selection and appointment of party and government leading cadres . "
while conducting a thorough investigation of the supervision of the leading bodies and leading cadres , the opinions have put forward the need to unswervingly grasp the education on ideals and convictions and the education on fighting corruption and promoting clean government , and to run the education throughout the training , selection , and supervision of cadres , we should guide and supervise leading cadres to strengthen their cultivation of party spirit , persist in building the party that serves the people , and firmly establish the ideological and moral defense line of resisting corruption and degeneration .
the new cadres should be promoted in a position - oriented talk , and they should set clear demands on being honest and self - disciplined .
we should supervise leading bodies at all levels to uphold democratic centralism , establish and improve rules and procedures for making decisions on matters , and conscientiously implement the system of combining collective leadership with individual responsibility for the work .
we should highlight the need to supervise and supervise the principal responsible persons of the leading bodies , and organize ( personnel ) departments to frequently exchange views with the principal responsible persons of the leading bodies at the lower level , and to understand the situation in terms of ideological work and work style .
we should establish and improve the system of supervision over the daily management of leading cadres , conduct regular investigations and studies on the ideological and working conditions of the leading cadres , and put forward opinions and measures for solving problems .
the practice of leading cadres ' admonitory talks and inquiry system should be implemented to discover problems that are likely to cause a tendency to cause a mistake and to conduct admonitory talks or letters of inquiries in a timely manner .
the leading cadres who are reported by the masses should seriously investigate and understand the problems and make sure that they are not properly handled by the masses , and should be given the criticism and education or the handling of the cases in different circumstances , thus constituting a crime of violating discipline and law and breaking the law .
at the same time , we should combine strengthening supervision with encouraging cadres to boldly explore new ways and innovate , and pay attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the opinions demanded that organizations ( personnel ) at all levels should conscientiously strengthen leadership over party and government leading cadres in selecting and appointing cadres .
further improve the system of selecting and promoting party members and cadres to supervise the work of selecting and appointing cadres , and make decisions on matters of supervision , strictly and satisfactorily carry out the work of selecting and appointing cadres , so as to make the work of being politically close to the work of cadres , which is a work style that is popular among the masses , which has won the trust of the people at all levels , and provide powerful support for the selection and promotion of leading cadres .
we should strengthen supervision and inspection over the enforcement of the regulations on appointing cadres , and severely investigate and deal with violations of the regulations on appointing cadres , resolutely check unhealthy trends and corrupt phenomena in the use of cadres .
the practice of setting up a supervision system for investigating the problem of serious violations of the regulations and intensifying supervision and investigation .
we should establish and improve a system for investigating and affixing responsibility for the work of selecting and appointing cadres , and scientifically define the responsibilities of every link in the work of selecting and appointing cadres in accordance with the principle of integrating power with responsibility , and clearly define the method of holding accountable the principal bodies in the work of selecting and appointing cadres , and make greater efforts to investigate and affix the responsibility for the case .
we should give full play to the role of mass supervision , establish and improve a mechanism for reporting cases that involve careless efforts and that is safe and efficient .
we should give full play to the role of supervision by public opinion , and report to the media on the relevant situation in the work of selecting and appointing cadres in a timely manner and accept supervision by public opinion .
the opinions put forward the need to further improve the work mechanism for coordination and cooperation in the work of supervising cadres .
the organization ( personnel ) department should strengthen its cooperation with the discipline inspection organs , establish a mechanism that is in keeping with the discipline inspection organs ' work of improving the party 's work style and building a clean and honest administration among the cadres , and strengthen its supervisory and joint force .
in coordination with the discipline inspection organs , they have conscientiously carried out inspection work , improved inspection methods , improved the inspection system , and improved the quality of inspection work .
in conjunction with the auditing organs , the auditing system for leading cadres ' economic responsibility was conscientiously implemented .
we should improve the system of internal supervision over the work of selecting and appointing cadres of organizational departments .
hk : taiwan authorities ' use of illegal investment to set up ' taiwan independence ' beijing , july 8
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a special economic zone to deal with taiwan 's chiezi chang - hsiang [ shuang shuang ] electronics company limited ( called " du - lou " ) in the first round of the six - year plan , which is a case of illegal assistance to the embroiders and the technology companies that have built on the mainland by providing them with aid to them in violation of regulations .
taiwan 's " china times " reported that this was the first time chen shui - bian has thrown out of his passively management the cross - strait economic and trade policy that has been carried out by the taiwan authorities since he was elected to be the first case in which taiwan businessmen have invested in the mainland .
it is reported that the taiwan economy investment company will be listed as a venue for the trial .
in the future , the court will also examine the case in the future . the former chairman of the board of directors of the united microelectronics company , cao xingcheng , and others will be punished according to the circumstances .
the case of lianhe electric power started in february 2005 . at that time , the taiwan prosecutors department used over 100 people to carry out investigation and study on the case of the residential and office of the united microelectronics company , which was suspected of having made investments in the mainland and the illegal supply of funds for science and technology on ships and ships .
at that time , cho xingcheng , chairman of the board of directors of the united microelectronics company , openly said that unicom did not violate any regulations of the taiwan authorities , and that the united microelectronics company provided assistance to the technology of the company for the long term interests of the united microelectronics industry . if the united microelectronics company does not enter the mainland market as soon as possible , it will lose business opportunities .
later , the taiwan authorities started to investigate the case of a bank in which the financial supervision and management committee of the taiwan authorities violated the regulations governing the disclosure of business information .
january 9 , 2006 , the board of directors of the united microelectronics industry accepted cao xingcheng 's resignation . cao xingcheng said that he was suspected of violating regulations and regulations on investment in the mainland in a few hours .
the united microelectronics and taiwan 's tgc ( called taihang ritual ) circuit , and also claimed that taiwan 's kongfeng and huanglang are high - tech leading enterprises on the island .
the taiwan authorities have been acting in a series of investigations and handling actions against the united microelectronics industry over the past year , and have been paid close attention to the various circles on the island .
hk : second round of hk - taiwan exchanges in my heart macao , 23 feb ( xinhua ) -- the second round of the china - taiwan cultural exchange contest opened in beijing on the morning of 8 september .
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the second meeting of the china council for the promotion of macao , which opened here today , will be held in beijing
this big string of chinese and foreign languages was jointly organized by the macao foundation and the hundred flowers and literature publishing house . the chinese writers association vice chairman chen jiangong and other officials were elected directors of the evaluation committee .
in 2004 , the five th anniversary of macao 's return to the motherland was the first time that macao 's silk language contest was held in my heart , and chinese and foreign literature enthusiasts responded actively , and the organizing committee received more than 8,000 entries , more than 10 award - winning people at home and abroad were invited to receive the macao sar award .
macao 's executive yuan member wu zhiliang said at a news conference on the 17th that last year , the hangzhou city of macao was listed as the world heritage list , which not only means that the macao people 's long - term lifestyle and community management model have been affirmed by the world , but also means that the chinese nation is like a turtle and a symbol of friendship and fraternal traditional culture in the macao sar .
wu zhiliang said : it is precisely under such a good cultural atmosphere that the macao foundation and the hundred flowers and art publishing house have jointly published " foreign languages of the chinese language " and decided to hold the second macao elephant in my heart , macao 's rostrum , hoping that the participants will display their patriotic and macao sentiments through their works and show their unique cultural and art features .
it is reported that the competition was held on 1 september this year , and the " chinese foreign edition of the circulation of the paper 's foreign languages " will open up special columns to select and present entries .
the result of the selection will be announced in july 2007 .
shandong has successfully implemented a baby - driven cardiovascular transplant operation
jinan , february 17 ( xinhua ) the national bureau of statistics of the pla general political department of the people 's liberation army ( pla ) recently successfully implemented a test of a baby - made heart transplant operation in the jinan military region .
on the 17th , reporters saw in the center of gravity that , after the operation , 51 days of infants were full of red faces , and all monitoring and inspection indexes were normal , and they smoothly passed the critical period of the operation and were playing with great interest the medical personnel who had bought the toys they had bought .
according to the medical staff who took the medical treatment on the same day , the patient from tai'an village in shandong was taken to the hospital by his parents and was taken to the hospital . after checking and diagnosing , he was suffering from cyanostic heart disease , and had to undergo heart transplant .
the heart transplant operation is a difficult and difficult one in heart surgery , the most complicated operation in risk .
in particular , the infant infections of infants under one year old are currently still under the condition of blank in china .
the blood - and - disease research institute of the jinan military region organized experts to repeatedly verify the situation and carefully designed the operation and post - operation protective plan , which was conducted on a self - made basis and made independent innovations and conducted experiments on animals .
december 28 , 2005 at 8:00 am , the surgery officially began .
the heart of the body was a man who was killed by the incarnation of genocide caused a breathing heart - dive .
the operation should be in line with six blood pipes , which are sewed with over 510 needles , and each needle is not exceeding three millimeters .
after 295 minutes , the operation was a complete success .
the state administration of supervision and administration of state administration of state security has made the most important task of this year 's work to curb the occurrence of major and exceptionally serious accidents such as coal mine accidents .
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a special medical team to deal with four accidents of mining accidents that happened more than 100 people in the past year , according to the ministry of coal mine safety
the reporter learned from the state administration of production safety on 17 july that to truly contain coal mines and other major accidents ,
this year , the state administration of coal mine safety will do the following three things well :
huanqiu continued to fight well the warehouse battle .
waci will raise the price of the sown in order to attract more tourists .
if the high gas mine does not have a system of first - class extraction , then it will be ordered to immediately stop production in accordance with the law .
huanqiu continues to fight a successful battle of rectifying and closing down enterprises .
we should make the people who have already made public their views to the public , and in addition , the 700 - plus public coal mine pits that have been reported recently by various localities .
we should take the closure of enterprises as a regular task , and continuously close down those enterprises that are damaged in natural resources , which are not in a safe condition .
prc : qiushi urges strengthening management of coal mine safety
we should immediately rectify the phenomenon of illegally cutting off and damaging a small number of large state - owned mines and guide the management of small mines with chaotic management .
in particular , we should pay close attention to key state - owned coal mines , and never allow overly - high - quality coal mines to excess their ability .
this year , the production safety control index demands that the number of deaths of all types of accidents in the country drop by 33.0 percent over last year , with coal mines falling by 3.5 percent .
ten people died in one major accident , and the number of accidents has dropped by 55.1 percent , of which 77.8 percent has dropped .
these control targets have been assigned to the people 's governments at the provincial level , and various localities are being separately opened to the grass - roots level and enterprises .
statistics show that by 2005 , the number of accidents in the country 's coal mine accident was 5986 , a decrease of 0.79 percent compared with the same period last year .
however , the accident occurred at a time when more than 10 people were killed or more , and the number of people killed was up 66.6 percent compared with the same period last year .
bahrain calls for more cooperation in future kosovo
xinhua news agency , belgrade , february 17 , by wire ( reporter yi he ) - pritchard said that eu president barroso met with president of the european union ( eu ) on the 17 th in the capital of kosovo , and hoped that the parties concerned would make a compromise in the future talks in kosovo , so as to lay a foundation for the eventual establishment of a democratic and multi - ethnic integration .
barroso met with president of the interim authority of the republic of cote d'ivoire in kosovo on the same day , and expressed his appreciation to the media that the parties concerned in kosovo should take a tolerant attitude and establish a democratic and multi - ethnic kosovo system that respects the government 's political power and protects the rights and interests of ethnic minorities only .
he also stressed that the european commission will do its best to help kosovo develop .
barroso also expressed his satisfaction with the current progress made by kosovo in implementing the eight standards for the development of democracy in kosovo .
he said that the implementation of these standards is a major factor affecting the integration of kosovo and europe .
he also urged all countries in kosovo to join the international community to join the organization , and to work for the realization of democracy and the integration of various nationalities in kosovo .
barroso arrived in kosovo 's capital city of pristina on the same day for a one - day visit .
earlier , barroso visited croatia and cyprus , and he will also visit macedonia , where he will visit macedonia and bosnia .
( winter olympics , doping ) news analysis
xinhua news agency , dublin , february 17 , by reporter jiao li : the dispatch of a child may not be a forgotten one .
xinhua news agency reporter gao peng ding
although italy has repeatedly issued an order that the winter olympic games in the city of turin are uncovered , the athletes who used stimulants may face a torture in the city of jakarta , but judging from various situations , this situation is not likely to occur in this winter olympics .
the city of turin 's winter has been in the first place since its opening on 16 june , o'leova has been found to have used bans of banned drugs , and it is not a much .
the international olympic committee announced the following day that the dispatch of leoves has been outlined in the winter olympics . she has won the winter olympic games in this winter . the two women 's 15 - km personal medals have also been deprived .
the second quarter international winter season league held a meeting on the same day to express its appreciation for the ban on the children 's republic of china for two years .
the international olympic committee has all along stipulated that athletes are being discovered in the olympic games and that they will be canceled .
however , according to the law of italy , athletes carrying and using stimulants are part of criminal acts , and the judiciary has the right to directly arrest and investigate the use of stimulants to death and to try to defy the law .
in december last year , the international olympic committee and the italian government , after a year of bargaining , started to reach a agreement after repeated price reversals . both sides agreed to hold a meeting in accordance with the law of italy during the winter olympics .
through the unremitting efforts of the international olympic committee , the italian side has made a positive response four days before the opening of the winter olympic games , pledging that the police will not enter the olympic village to search for athletes ' places during the winter olympics . however , the athletes who are making the testimony of the chinese medications will still accept investigation by the italian procuratorial authorities .
some reports say that the italian government oversees the performance of officials of the winter olympics in the city of bishkek has already sent the stimulant incident to the city of dublin .
however , the ioc and the perez himself have not confirmed the incident .
russia 's winter quarter - quarter team medical team andrew dorf arrived at the airport on 17 august to begin a two - day visit to china .
he was a member of the world anti - doping agency who has worked for years in the field of sports , and said that once he sent a leowoves to china , this matter could eventually be settled by a slight margin .
shi said that the ioc and the italian government have made great efforts to promote the development of anti - doping in winter olympics .
according to the previous practice of italy using stimulant events for its athletes , the number of illegal immigrants is more than one - third of the total .
therefore , the senior officials of the italian lufthansa news agency , petery , said that the possibility of sending leowoves into prisons was surprising , and at most it was fine .
pele also said that although the italian court could hold a hearing on the case , the italian police could not possibly go abroad to send leavers to the prison for their repatriation .
if leovers were sent to refuse to accept the verdict , the italian side would also have no way to take her .
xinhua : new sars continues to emerge at new sars sites
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a special group to monitor the spread of bird flu in africa , the chinese ministry of health said here today .
the world health organization confirmed on the 17th that three areas in egypt have found bird flu deaths due to bird flu virus .
in europe , france also discovered for the first time five bird flu viruses , including the bird flu virus , in europe , which has high vigilance and intensified the prevention of the disease .
the who 's east mediterranean consultant , hajack , said on 17 january that the current situation in the middle of egypt 's cairo , tiema , and the three southern regions of mingya has discovered the human infection of the liver bird flu virus , which is infected with the h5n1 bird flu virus .
experts pointed out that egypt is the first country to the middle east and north africa to migrate birds to other places , and the bird flu virus can be brought into the country by migratory birds .
egypt has announced that it has banned imports of live poultry from other countries and has strengthened quarantine work at border ports .
the cameroon capital java 's bamboo farm has been tested in the past week with more than 800 chickens dissipating .
cameroon has decided to suspend the import of poultry from nigeria , which has been hit by the bird flu epidemic and to suspend all poultry and pork imports from all markets in the border between the two countries .
the cameroon government also built a new international economic and trade center covering the entire border within a short time , and the country 's basde center and state veterinary laboratory have also been in an emergency state of emergency awaiting orders to facilitate the launching of a survey on the " kaloka " virus at any time .
in europe , denmark and sweden initially ruled out the epidemic on 17 july .
the swedish veterinary institute issued a report on the death of the dead swan found on wednesday , indicating that the laboratory of the antibird flu virus in sweden has not been infected with the bird flu virus .
danish national veterinary authority 's preliminary laboratory also showed that the danish bird flu virus has been found in 30 dead swans in denmark .
however , the agriculture department said that denmark still cannot take it lightly .
romania has been hit by nine cases of bird flu this year in eastern europe , and the world health organization experts held a meeting in bucharest on the 17th , saying that almost all areas in the danube delta region have bird flu , and that romania may have to take seriously this situation , and romania may possibly continue to receive the threat of bird flu in the next three or five years .
bangladeshi has been taking all necessary measures to ensure the prevention of avian flu .
the government livestock services bureau has provided relevant officials with information on the prevention of avian influenza , and also organized poultry farm rearing personnel to train them .
( selected newspaper collections ) china 's first online sharing blood information management system built in zhejiang
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the central blood bank of zhejiang province has reported that china 's first joint venture to share blood information data management and control network has been officially completed and put into use in the center recently .
the responsible person of the zhejiang provincial blood center said that this means that in the future , any citizen will be able to make a living in any county ( city ) area in zhejiang province to participate in the donations without compensation . there will be a unique coding record , and when he again donates blood , he will be able to get the relevant codes and personal information to enter the blood charred blood records of the last bloody death toll of the family .
the responsible person further explained that if the import of relevant codes is made , the system will show that there is no mercy to the insolvent blood donor , it will be made to indicate that it is not in line with the conditions for blood donations .
this will not only protect the blood donors ' own health , but also effectively protect the blood - driven health and safety of the blood - users .
in addition , when blood supply is strained , the blood donors and their relatives have the right to use blood first , and as long as you input the blood donor 's valid documents , you can immediately show your blood donors ' information and make it convenient for them to do so .
according to hangzhou 's " morning post " today , the information system has been established in all 36 enterprises in the province to provide blood supply .
to prevent the recurrence of landslide again , 11 villages in the philippines urgently withdrew from the area .
manila , february 18 ( xinhua ) philippine officials said on the 18th that 11 villages in eastern philippines had been trying to prevent the recurrence of similar landslides .
the official of the southern leittte state , leslie , said on the same day that these villages had a difference between the landslide on the 17th , and that village was located in the same area .
the 11 villages that were evacuated will be resettled in seven evacuated centers .
lisaas said : the government yesterday ordered residents to withdraw from the city , and today they sent people to check the villages , because some people do not want to leave their homes .
the 17th landslide incident occurred in the southern city of saint bell in the town of holy sodium in southern california , where the soil was found in the television images , the soil and rocks were buried in the entire village , and could only see several roofs .
since the soil is very thick and the humidity is very heavy , the people buried under the cliff can survive very slim .
at present , 109 people have died , and 57 others have been rescued .
it is estimated that the cause of the accident may be as high as 1,800 people .
china 's overseas chinese affairs minister says fujian 's overseas chinese affairs in first month
fuzhou , february 19 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to increase the export of commodities and services to the country by the end of january this year , according to the state statistics bureau .
according to statistics from the customs , in january , quanzhou exported 330 - million us dollars , creating the best record in history , an increase of 35.2 percent over the same period of last year , which was higher than the average growth level of the province .
according to a analysis by the quanzhou city foreign economic and trade bureau , the reason for the rapid growth in foreign trade in january was mainly due to the fact that several foreign trade support service measures in quanzhou were playing a role , enterprises ' enthusiasm in exports was running high , the economic operation in quanzhou was brisk , the confidence of enterprises was strengthened , and the highly efficient environment for foreign trade development was unimpeded .
