the number of deaths of princess diana 's two mobile computers , which were stolen
london , june 6 , 2007
the daily newspaper in london pointed out that two records of princess diana 's death in paris in 1997 were found to be in the hands of the victims .
the report said that the theft caused people to speculate that the computer might have hidden a stolen goods from the former cafeteria chief , sir steve steve steve , who is the former chief policeman of the cnc .
however , a cosmopolitan police spokeswoman said that there was no sensitive inside the computer .
the chief executive of the university of northward sony is the director of the noonian police office in britain . his office is located in the area of taeht .
the report said that the noonian police agency had been working for a 10 - day search of two stolen cases in the past 10 days .
a explosion occurred in the weekend holiday between january 28 and 29 , including both computers and cash .
the norzambia police also said there is no evidence that these two theft cases and the two cases of sir steve steve .
he has been tracking down the prince of wales 's death and not the direct cause of death because of the car accident .
the royal post - mortem post - mortem officer , bragis , ordered in 2004 to continue to track the evidence .
princess diana , on august 31 , 1997 , died of a car crash in a paris tunnel , and she then died together with her .
after two years of investigation , the french police thought that the driver was killed because of drink driving and drug taking , resulting in a loss of control in the car .
sri lankan warring parties agree to hold talks in geneva in late november
lun , march 7 , 2007
the process of mediation and peace in the country has been agreed by sri lanka 's fighting group to start negotiations in geneva , switzerland , on the 22 nd of this month to resolve the racial dispute over which the parties have been seeking for decades to end .
norwegian peace envoy solheim said in a meeting with tadilan 's liberation tiger barzer in london that he was accorded a breakthrough .
the norwegian embassy in beijing said in a statement that the clashes in sri lanka are all caused by the conflict between the sri lankan government and the tamil tiger organization , which called on the norwegian government to help the two - day talks in geneva on february 22 .
the two - day talks will focus on how to strengthen the cooperation between the two sides in the cease - fire agreement that took effect on 23 february 2002 , and this agreement has never been fully observed by both sides .
the norwegian embassy said that the two sides will discuss how to improve the implementation of the cease - fire agreement , which is also the first time the two sides have held face - to - face talks at such a high level .
solim said he will lead the norwegian team to participate in the talks , and the kremlin 's four - member team will be led by balayer khan , while the sri lankan government will be led by health minister .
he said : this is the most important thing to do with the road to peace but it is important that the process of negotiations will be difficult .
the first time to resolve the ethnic conflict in sri lanka was to hold a face - to - face talks in japan in march 2003 , but the talks on the elimination of the original target of the 2003 april 2003 terrorist attacks in thailand were cancelled .
the north and south korean delegation , which opened the winter olympics in tonne , has joined hands in the games .
afp , daley , may 10 , 2007
the 20 th winter olympics was held in tonin dublin today , and the cold war era was a day when south and north korea were each enemies . the representatives of the two sides joined hands in the ceremony .
south korean women 's race in the speed skating , li baola , and north korean men 's flower skating , han kuan - jen , are respectively the heads of the two countries ' delegations , led the south korean team to enter the winter sports ground .
this is the olympic representative team from south korea and north korea , and it has for the first time joined hands in the winter olympics .
to reflect the efforts of both sides to build a well - off and united spirit of reconciliation in recent years , the olympic games in sydney in 2000 and the 2004 athens summer olympics will be held in athens .
north korea did not participate in the international conference on the korean peninsula 's salvage city .
the korean peninsula was split into a capitalist south korean and communist north korean peninsula in 1948 , and both sides signed a joint statement between 1950 and 1953 during the korean war .
south korean leader met in 2000 with kim jong - il , chairman of the south korean national assembly , after a peace summit .
the greek team is the first country to enter the world cup finals , with the team of the first team of the world 's 22 nd medal .
the landlord , the national flag , is the last country with a big profit of 300,000 .
hefman had a problem of drug delicious delicacies and promptly broke up .
new york , june 16 , 2007
the most popular and most popular candidate is the national team of the oracle , movie collar , and poem , which is the most popular film in this year .
in an interview with cbs news magazine , hefman expressed his wish to visit the country and the chinese people 's liberation army ( pla ) had been really unscrupulous in the past .
he was only 20 years old and had just been seen off from the drama department of new york university , and entered a colorful society , and he was able to quickly turn his daily life around , finally turning to his head and lose his face .
he was in a poor health condition when he was 22 years old .
the upcoming olympic games will be held next month in osca , and the honourable howard will explain the words of american writer prowess prowess : cold blood bleaching , the poem of the emperor , and the most hopeful thing is to be the best male masters award .
before this , he had already won affirmation of his superb skill and had already won many awards , including a gold ball award best male award .
the 38 - year - old actor said during the interview that if he did not painfully resolve the problem before his name was established , he might have been unable to gain the right to nominate the president .
he said he envious those young people who were 19 years old and suddenly became famous ones .
four dead birds in europe
brussels , march 16 , 2007
the virus has been found in europe , causing panic .
eu executive committee approves setting up a new control area to control the virus countries ' regions in the management of the hacker zones , and prohibits all birds from transporting biological trade .
african countries have been trying to stop the spread of the virus after discovering the eighth day of the virus in africa and nigeria .
egyptian officials are investigating a farm in the southern part of the country where a chicken killed a group of chickens , and are worried that the virus might continue to spread .
the european chicken market has been affected by the virus , and the wide decline has been emphasized by the european commission , which has not been any reason to panic .
the executive committee is responsible for the health and food safety of the executive committee , mr peter paulo said , adding that the public is concerned about this matter , but it does not need to be overly reacted .
following the discovery of the three - kilometer protection zones and 10 - kilometer warning zones of the virus , the eu executive committee again laid out new regulations to incorporate the discovery of the virus into the entire european region as a concentrated monsoon - to - be - controlled area .
a person from the european union who declined to be named pointed out that everyone was nervous and they had been working hard every day and night to deal with the transmitted from various european countries , and they suspected the news that the epidemic had already broken out .
so far , there are a total of 300,000 people in austria , including the german imperial republic , the european union 's largest state - owned aroma , and russia 's territory in europe .
romania found 31 cases on the 16 th , and the czech republic was found to have been confirmed by the milosevic and the german island .
the southern italian government is to take action to stop the bird flu virus on two ducks .
the eu officials are most worried about the possible return of migratory birds from africa .
the government of nigeria and sierra leone are strengthening their work to prevent the spread of virus to humans on the african continent .
the government of nigeria announced that all poultry farms near the infected farm would be affected by the outbreak of bird flu , and no birds were found to be infected .
the neighboring country 's government of niger announced that the country had entered a warning state and had allocated $ 4 million to provide emergency planning , monitoring and monitoring of the borders of niger and sierra leone .
the newly established national emergency committee said that they received notification that the two countries had not yet received any reports on the border of malacca , which is a close to 400 birds .
the new regulations on business management of china 's electronic banking industry will be implemented on 1 march .
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to raise the renminbi ( rmb ) to a new level by a new level of the renminbi exchange rate , a report released by the china banking regulatory commission ( cbrc ) said here thursday .
a spokesperson for the cbrc said that according to the management regulations , the approval methods of foreign - funded financial institutions have basically not changed , that is , foreign banks have been allowed to set up internet banking businesses . if new types of internet banking business are required , the branch should be authorized to submit a unified report to the bank of china .
to standardize the business operation of banks by using the internet , the people 's bank of china formulated and promulgated the " interim regulations on banking business on the internet " in june 2001 .
a spokesperson for the cbrc said that with the continuous development of the electronic banking business of commercial banks , the interim procedures can no longer meet the requirements of risk supervision and management of electronic banking , and the cbrc has formulated two new regulations for this purpose .
according to a spokesperson of the cbrc , the cbrc has a clear understanding of the quality of safety assessment institutions , and the nature of administrative license systems that are different from those of trade entry or enterprise entry is not an essential requirement for assessing the safety of electronic banking businesses . it is only a reference for the financial institutions to choose an assessment body .
as long as the safety assessment organization meets the relevant conditions and requirements , even if it does not have the qualification of the cbrc , financial institutions can also employ the company to carry out the safety assessment of the electronic banking industry , but they should be managed according to relevant regulations .
the " procedures for managing business affairs of electronic banks " have nine chapters and 99 articles , which are divided into four categories : the application of directives and the change of risk management , the transfer of management of foreign affairs , the cross - border business operations management , the legal liabilities and supplementary articles .
the " guidelines on safety assessment of electronic banks " contains five chapters and 57 articles , which include : general rules , procedures for assessing safety of institutions ' implementation of safety assessment activities , and supplementary articles for implementation .
" mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , and deng xiaoping on the issue of investigation and study " published
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the book " mao zedong , zhou enlai liu shaoqi , and deng xiaoping " compiled by the party literature research center of the cpc central committee recently was jointly published by the central party literature publishing house .
conduct investigation and study in a down - to - earth manner , persist in combining theory with reality , and draw up and implement the correct line , principles , and policies is a major basic experience and a basic work method of the cpc 's leadership over the construction of revolutionary party systems .
mao zedong 's lure , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , and other older revolutionaries of the older generation have made a great deal of important speeches on the issues of investigation and study , and they have often penetrated the grass roots to conduct social surveys and wrote many articles on the investigation .
the practice and results of their investigation and study have played an important role in guiding the cause of the party and the people to develop along the correct road .
" mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , and deng xiaoping 's theory and research " are divided into three parts : the first part is mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation who have written down the arguments about investigation and study , the second part is mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation who have carried forward investigation and study , and the third part is mao zedong 's three - part is the " great master of the mao zedong faction "
most of these reports were published for the first time .
in addition , there are two articles on the ' three major issues ' of the central leaders ' investigation and study in the 1950s and 1960 s .
russia reiterates adherence to one - china policy
moscow , february 6 ( xinhua ) russian deputy foreign minister alekseyev said on tuesday that russia will continue to develop its relations with china in the spirit of the one - china policy .
alekseyev said that russia has noticed that chen shui - bian 's recent statements on taiwan independence have made a clean break .
the russian government has always adhered to the one - china principle and firmly supported china 's efforts to realize the great cause of national reunification .
last year , the chinese npc adopted the " anti - secession law , " and russia took the lead in publicly expressing support .
alekseyev said that the russian foreign ministry will issue a statement as soon as possible , reiterate the one - china stand , and oppose taiwan independence .
chinese , us presidents hold talks on bilateral ties
johannesburg , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to open a new chapter in the history of the chinese people 's liberation army ( pla ) in the early morning of the 5th local time in south africa , which was shot by local militants in the bar of their operations , and rescued and killed at the burundi hospital , the capital of south africa , after rescue .
according to feng yang , president of the chinese association of free states , the incident occurred in the northwest of burundi , more than 130 kilometers northwest of hubert city .
at that time , the owner of the shop , lin yixing , picked up the goods inside the bar and prepared to end the day 's business .
three customers in the shop at that time , one of the customers took away the gun and rushed to the bar to carry out robbery .
lin yixing , 40 , was fighting with the gang . the gang members fired a bullet at lin yixing , and the culprits fled .
the local people who were upon hearing the news sent lin yixing to the hospital for treatment . because lin yixing 's body had been completely null and dark hull , the blood stream of the blood was exposed to the virus , and the blood was not stopped . at around 3 : 30 a. m . on 6 february , the body was killed .
on 6 february , the chinese consulate general in jakob wu , the consulate general of the chinese consulate general in jakob castle , and lin changming , vice chairman of the association of fellow villagers of the chinese fujian association in south africa , arrived in burundi and helped the family members of the deceased to deal with the aftermath .
lin yixing became a victim of the kidnappings within 36 hours . he also was a member of the chinese people 's political consultative conference who had been killed in south africa since the beginning of this year .
shanghai : both part - time staff and graduates of higher learning to become role model workers
beijing , february 7 ( xinhua ) the labor and social security bureau of shanghai issued the latest annual wage guidance price for the new hours of 2006 , with a total of 120 posts , an increase of 11 percentage points over the previous time , and a total of 350 original positions have been added .
according to a relevant expert of the labor and social security bureau of shanghai , shanghai 's hours of work have exceeded 1 million people .
according to a report by zhongguo qingnian bao , college graduates and part - time staff are the main components of the hours work force .
through the investigation of nearly 8,000 hours of work , over half of the people are part - time staff , and their ratio is 51.110 percent .
the cultural level of part - time workers is generally higher , mainly engaged in technical work , such as translator , part - time staff , and more than 81.79 percent , and fitness of the workforce reaches 61.6 percent .
high income is the common point of many people engaging in hours and work concurrently .
it is understood that the monthly income of individual posts can reach tens of thousands of yuan , and it will be difficult to pursue , just like the translation of the words , and the monthly income of the hours of work may reach more than 2,000 yuan , such as the class financial martial arts ceramic , etc.
and to meet the needs of individual interest and expand their knowledge , and also to get a good job in the work hours .
for example , when a certain enterprise takes up the post of human resource department manager , mr. gu , will take a few hours a week to handle the financial accounts of a foreign representative office .
mr koo considered the largest part - time income to keep his knowledge more updated and more competitive .
as some hours of employment have low employment threshold , flexible and free working forms have also gradually been affected by the fact that many graduates are now seeking jobs , 148 percent of them are working in hours , and nearly three years of college and university graduates .
i did n't want to work as an hour at the beginning but i did not want to work for a few months . i felt that i had to work at work on the ninth and five nights in the dprk .
after graduating from school , the job he found was not satisfactory , and finally she was hanging at a guesthouse , and she used piano to play the background .
i am very satisfied with my work , and i am 100 yuan per hour , and my environment is good . i am going to do more to find a few hours of work .
it is understood that an hour job has become a problem that some graduates who are seeking jobs have accumulated their work experience , and skills have improved their skills to communicate with and improve their skills to improve their skills in increasing the social life .
the graduates are working hours mainly on knowledge and technical skills , and they are mainly engaged in the work of providing them with better professional skills .
hours work and part of the job skills required are not high , such as the sales personnel , the board of directors , and so on , and the unemployed personnel can be appointed by a simple training .
data show that the number of hours of work employees who were originally unemployed reached 399.6 percent , of which the number of unemployed in the retail category was 68.4 percent , and the number of catering and drinking was 58.7 percent , while the hours of work became unemployed .
wu bangguo inspects anhui province
beijing , february 8 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will continue to implement the policy of " one country , two systems " and " one country , two systems " in the next five years , wu bangguo , chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) , stressed during his recent inspection work in anhui .
on 6 and 8 february , wu bangguo visited the wuhu lake , ma on shan , wuhu , and other places to go deep into enterprises ' rural traditional science research institutes and institutes of higher learning to inspect the work .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui has the advantage of having the power of linking the east with the south , which is an important agricultural area of china , and its natural resources are abundant , its industrial foundation is relatively good , and its scientific and technological and tourist resources are exceptionally strong . it has enormous potential for development .
anhui should firmly grasp the major opportunity of promoting the rise of central china , always persist in economic construction as the central task , and conscientiously implement the central authorities ' principles and policies in close connection with anhui 's actual conditions , carry out work in a creative manner , implement the scientific development concept in concrete measures , and implement it in practical work .
we should promptly sum up practical experience , fully rely on the masses of the people , vigorously support reform and innovation , and constantly open up a new situation in anhui 's work .
we should actively promote the building of a harmonious society , persist in properly maintaining the good image of the overwhelming majority of the people as the fundamental interests of all our work , and actively create conditions for our work , and gradually resolve the practical problems of the masses in difficulty , gradually adjust the distribution relationships , gradually change the dual structure of urban and rural areas , gradually narrow the gap between urban and rural areas , and safeguard and realize social justice and enable all people to share the fruits of reform and development .
wu bangguo stressed : china has reached the stage where we must rely more on ourselves to improve our ability to innovate and improve the quality of laborers to promote economic and social development . only by vigorously promoting scientific and technological progress and innovation can we bring about a leap in the quality of productive forces and bring about economic and social development onto the track of scientific development .
we should establish and improve as soon as possible a system and mechanism that are conducive to innovation , increase input in science and technology , encourage patent inventions , develop famous brands , speed up the conversion of scientific and technological achievements into actual productive forces , strengthen the main position of enterprises in independent innovation , and constantly raise the contribution rate of scientific and technological progress to economic growth .
we should support and encourage technical elements to participate in distribution , establish and improve statistics indicators system that reflects independent innovation ability , study and formulate financial and taxation systems , and government procurement policies to support independent innovation , and form a mechanism that encourages independent innovation .
we should cultivate a sense of innovation in the whole society , vigorously advocate the spirit of being bold in innovation and competition , and strive to create a good atmosphere in which talented people come out of life .
wu bangguo pointed out : the people 's congress has played an important role in the process of administering the country according to law and in building a socialist country ruled by law .
doing a good job of the people 's congress work in the new situation should first of all adhere to the correct political orientation , unswervingly follow the road of socialist political development with chinese characteristics , and firmly integrate the adherence to the party 's leadership with the practice of being the masters of the country and the rule of law .
second , we should closely center our work around the overall situation of the party and the state , closely focus on major issues in reform , development , and stability , and carry out work in close connection with hot and difficult issues that the people are generally concerned with , and constantly enhance the practical results of the npc work .
third , we should give play to the characteristics and advantages of the npc 's work , uphold democratic centralism , act according to procedures , and decide issues by the collective .
we must persist in following the mass line , taking people as the foundation , exercising power for the people , being concerned with the people , and seeking benefits for the people .
china puts forward major scientific research plans for the next 15 years
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to raise the international competitiveness of china and promote sustainable development , with a focus on developing the economy , said li peng , vice - minister of the state 's medium and long - term scientific and technological development program ( 2006-2020 ) , which was published by the state council on the 9th .
the four major scientific plans are the basic requirements of the protein research and regulation and research of nanorice research and development and breeding .
the program pointed out that protein science is the most important scientific method for life that developed countries are fighting with keen competition .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on studying the feasibility of changing groups of important biological systems , studying the gene of the genetic structure of the linda group , studying the organic compounds of white - quality biological functions and the interside - relationship cereal - cereal - related computing system , protein , protein research methods , and related application foundation .
the outline also holds that quantum control and control research has a clear perspective and may be carried out in 20-30 years .
china should focus on studying the carrier and principle of regulation and control , quantitative calculation , and limited capacity of the system of small quantitative information , and quantitative regulation and control of the indicators and measurement of the quantum system .
in addition , the outline pointed out that nano technology has become a strategic choice for many countries to raise their core competitiveness , and is also one of the areas that china is expected to achieve leaping - and - development .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on research in this field , including the capacity control of nano materials , the production of self - assembling and functional , the insertion of the arsenal 's manure and nanomedical , nanometer , nanometer , and measurements , and the research of nanometer materials and nanometer technology in the energy environment , and other areas of application of information technology .
china 's population growth is large , and birth defects are too flaws , and there is a serious shortage of transplant organs . the peak of aging is approaching . therefore , it is urgently necessary to make breakthroughs in the theory of reproductive and development science and to make technological innovations .
according to the outline , china will focus its research on the research of the increasing pluralistic and regulating of stem cells , the matured and refined , and the establishment of human body reproductive functions , and the retreat of the pathogenic and retreat of human bodies , so as to provide support for the safety and ethics of the breeding and stem technology .
shanghai 's housing price growth dropped by nearly 7 percentage points last year
xinhua news agency , shanghai , february 9 ( reporter huang tingjun ) - in 2005 , the state 's macroeconomic regulation and control policy on real estate industry has been noticeable in shanghai .
according to the latest data released , the total investment in the real estate industry in shanghai dropped significantly last year or slowed down .
the price increase of commercial residential housing dropped 6.6 percent over the previous year , while the value of real estate industry decreased by 4.1 percent over the previous year .
pan jian , director of the shanghai municipal statistical bureau , said at a news briefing a few days ago that in 2005 , the average sales price of shanghai 's commodity residential housing was 698 yuan per square meter , an increase of 313 yuan over 2004 .
the price level of the annual sales of residential properties increased 9.2 percent over the previous year , and the rate of increase dropped 6.6 percentage points compared with the previous year .
the annual real estate industry added value to 670.23 billion yuan , down by 4.1 percent over the previous year .
the loans of financial institutions totaled 74.4 billion yuan ( 34.6 billion us dollars ) , up from the same period of 1998 .
pan jianxin said that since the sales price of shanghai real estate for the whole year , the prices of commercial housing have dropped steadily .
the report also showed that according to the latest data calculation , in 2005 , the real estate price increase in shanghai had somewhat fallen , and the average sales price of residential commercial houses was 698 yuan / square meters , an increase of 313 yuan per square meter over 2004 .
the price level of housing sales in 2005 increased by 9.7 percent over the previous year , and the rate of increase fell by 6.2 percentage points compared with the previous year .
he said : last year , the shanghai municipality completed a total investment of 124.66 - billion yuan in real estate development , increasing by 6.1 percent over the previous year .
the sales area was 3158.87,000 square meters , down by 9.55 percent .
the annual sales volume of commercial properties was 21.63 - trillion yuan , down by 4.5percent over the previous year .
two light aircraft crashed in new zealand
wellington , february 9 ( xinhua ) two new zealand light aircraft crashed into a sea area around 100 kilometers north of wellington , capital of the capital , on the 9th , killing two pilots of the flight academy .
according to a relevant responsible person of the local civil aviation department , the two aircraft drivers were all the pilots of the flight institute of maxi university . they were still undergoing training and had not yet obtained their flying license .
at the time of the incident , two planes were in non - air control areas . according to regulations , the pilot should be able to cope with the aircraft 's navigation and security situation during flight in such an area .
a man who was on the scene of the incident told the new zealand media that he had heard the news that the explosion had been heard and that he saw the plane crashing into the ground .
another eyewitness also confirmed that the plane had heard a huge explosion before the crash .
the cause of the collision is still unclear . local civil aviation departments will conduct investigation on this .
argentina 's overseas chinese , chinese condemn chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence
xinhua news agency , buenos aires , february 8 ( reporter cao yu ) a delegation from overseas chinese and ethnic chinese living in argentina , led by overseas chinese living in argentina , issued a solemn statement on the 8th , strongly denouncing chen shui - bian 's recent statements on taiwan independence and opposing any attempt to separate taiwan from china .
the statement said : chen shui - bian 's speech delivered on 29 january declared that he would abolish the nuc and the state 's guidelines , which are the most basic principles for taiwan independence , and that he would make another step forward .
compatriots on both sides of the strait are expecting peace and taiwan compatriots ' desire for peace and stability are bound to face a grim challenge .
the statement pointed out that resolutely opposing and containing the separatist activities of taiwan independence forces , and safeguarding peace and stability in the taiwan strait region still remain the common wish of compatriots on both sides of the strait and the chinese community of the whole world at present .
the statement stressed that the argentine association for promoting china 's peaceful reunification is willing to hold talks with all overseas chinese and ethnic chinese living in argentina who uphold the one - china principle , and resolutely oppose any form of taiwan independence , and actively promote china 's peaceful reunification .
chinese expert : us preaching military threat is groundless accusation
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has always attached great importance to the us defense department 's recent report on the " four - year defense review report " to congress , which is the first time that china is the most likely country to pose military challenges to the united states .
experts believe that this is a test of china 's normal national defense construction , a revelation of the military threat of china , and a interference in china 's internal affairs .
the " four - year defense review report " is a new defense guidance document of the pentagon .
the 9- page report uses three sections to explain the issue of china 's military strength and the countermeasures that the united states should take . it has carried out 15 direct mention of china 's internal affairs or its domestic market .
professor zhang xueping , a research fellow at the world military studies department of the chinese academy of military sciences , said that although senior us officials have expressed similar views on many occasions , this is the first time that the united states has put forward in the guise of the strategic report on national defense that china is most capable of posing a challenge to the united states .
this report has for the first time clearly defined russia 's brand new indian - china strategic rival , especially the so - called china military threat theory , to the extent that the so - called china military threat theory has attracted more attention .
peng guangqian , research fellow of the chinese academy of military sciences , said :
it is noteworthy that in the " report on defense review for the past four years " formally submitted on the same day , us president bush also submitted a report to congress on the budget for the fiscal year 2007 , of which the defense budget was $ 43.93 - billion .
if the pocket is added to the military action in iraq and afghanistan , the us fiscal year 2007 will be a year of breakthrough .
peng guangqian said : the us creations of the sophisticated methods of other countries reflect the consistent style of the pentagon and the like - built enemy , and its true purpose is to strive for more defense spending and to provide a huge us arms industrial group with more profits .
experts said that compared with the huge military spending of the united states , china 's defense spending is quite limited .
he had attended several times the military expert deng hongzhou , who had participated in the chinese national defense white paper , said : since the 1990 s , with economic development , china 's defense spending has increased somewhat . however , the proportion of national fiscal expenditure has declined in the same period .
official data show that the proportion of china 's national defense expenditure in the same period in 2004 is about to drop by nearly 10 percentage points compared with 1979 .
in 2005 , china 's defense spending will reach 24.466 - billion yuan , only about one - fourths of the united states ' per capita military spending is equivalent to about one - 60 percent of the us military expenditure , and the per capita military spending of the military is approximately one - thirds of the us military 's military spending .
the area of land of the united states and china 's territory are generally equal , and the difference in military spending is so huge . what exactly is the military strength of the united states going beyond the proper defense needs ? this is self - evident .
peng guangqian said :
the chinese side is willing to work with the us side to promote the healthy development of sino - us military relations , so as to promote the healthy development of sino - us relations , said teng jianqun , director of the china arms control and disarmament association .
the " 2004 chinese national defense " white paper says that china firmly follows the road of peaceful development and adopts a defensive national defense policy .
china did not have any good influence in the past and in the future .
so far , china has not established military bases in any other country , nor has it sent military bases to other countries .
professor zhu feng of the international relations college of beijing university said : china and the united states should increase communication and exchanges through the established channels , enhance understanding and trust , and comprehensively promote the healthy and stable development of sino - us constructive and cooperative relations in the new century .
( winter olympics ) turin winter olympics opening ceremony to boost the passion
duin , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to implement the olympic games in the next few days , the opening ceremony of the 20 th winter olympics in dutch capital , the capital of dutch capital , at 8 o'clock local time .
on 9 july , the organizing committee of the turin winter olympic games disclosed to reporters the brilliant arrangements of the opening ceremony .
regarding the opening ceremony , kastani , chairman of the organizing committee , was confident that he would be able to make a total of 10 million euros , a concentration of the capital of all italian top talent in all fields .
he said that the night of the 10th will make people unforgettable . the 350,000 spectators and around the world will be watching the night of the 10 th . the audience will see the full - hearted opening ceremony of the great hall of the people .
the passive flame and the warm red heart of the five ring serial pigeons , the white pigeons and the white snow and cattle of the albritish mountains will appear at the opening ceremony , and the director explained that the passion and vitality of the italian style of brush will become the main theme of the opening ceremony and the biggest feature of history will be the greatest winter olympics .
italian designer aramani specially designed the opening ceremony , and italian famous fashion designer mamos of italian fashion brand mognokovic will provide a platform for the players to enter the ceremony .
however , the italian national team , named pavarotti , will be singing a song at the opening ceremony , and the organizing committee will keep this suspense to the end .
eight men who were able to spray the flame and globe will use three - meter - long flame flame to show the flames , and they will use a 70 - kilometer speed to carry out several shuttle - down in the arena .
the official said that the exhibition was the most successful one in their opening - up performance .
on how to ignite the main torch , the organizing committee did not disclose early the details , but the torch tower , which is 57 meters , will light the main direction of the zte and the residents of the nearby alps mountain .
white house announces bush 's visit to pakistan and india in march
washington , february 9 ( xinhua ) the united states has been trying to " stop " the missile tests , a white house spokesman said here thursday .
mcclellan said that bush is looking forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he also said that he is making arrangements for this visit .
mcclellan made the remarks when he was holding various demonstrations in some areas of pakistan to protest the blasphemy of islamic first known mohammed .
in january this year , bush met with pakistani prime minister aziz at the white house , and both sides expressed the wish to strengthen friendly cooperation to jointly crack down on terrorism that endanger the security of the two countries .
bush also said that at the invitation of the pakistani and indian governments , he will pay a state visit to pakistan and india in march .
hamas to form cabinet to break through
xinhua news agency , ramallah , february 9 ( international observation ) hamas has been trying to break through its cabinet
xinhua news agency , wang hao , huang min
the palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) has been defeated after the election of the legislative council . how to draw a new government blueprint has become the focus of attention on the current international situation .
what kind of new policy hamas will pursue will directly affect the peace process , and the relevant parties will follow in the next step of their policies .
at the same time , the boycott of the united states and israel has added variables to the prospects of the hamas government .
at present , all sides in palestine are stepping up consultations to discuss issues concerning the future development of the situation and the sensitive points in the formation of the cabinet .
the prime minister 's post has spent the time on which family
hamas has been the only country in the world since it won the cabinet , and people are worried that the current prime minister might have differences with the current supreme leader abbas .
moreover , hamas leader , mahmoud ahmadinejad , who is visiting egypt , emphasized that the new palestinian government led by hamas will not recognize israel , and this tough signal has also aggravated international concerns .
the united states and israel clearly indicated that they would not accept a hamas government that has the power to hold , and threatened to suspend economic aid to palestine and to transfer tax to palestine .
however , this does not obstruct hamas from making flexible strategic adjustments , selecting independent people , and choosing an independent government .
it is reported that in order to maximize international recognition , the hamas ' international and domestic leaders recently gathered in egypt decided to choose an independent person at home and abroad , jaya islamic university 's board chairman , al-jayah al-hedhahruda , to become the new prime minister .
this move has not yet received any response from the parties concerned .
palestinian analyst hassan hussein said that no matter who is the prime minister 's post , the most important thing is that the prime minister should try to lessen the hard - line color of hamas as much as possible . only in this way can it guarantee the success of the cabinet .
how to distribute power ( subhead )
in terms of internal affairs , the greatest challenge facing hamas in forming a cabinet is that it lacks enough governing experience .
the article in the " daily " of palestine says that hamas has gathered in the people 's minds through social welfare projects , but in the aspect of governance it lacks experience and has the ability to unite with the palestinian national liberation movement ( fatah ) , which has the ruling experience .
hamas proposed a new security concept with fatah after the election , and jointly formed a national coalition government , but fatah 's current political situation has not been positive .
within fatah , there are no different opinions on whether to join the cabinet . one faction advocates participation in the new government , thus making some accomplishments , while the other faction refuses to accept hamas 's invitation and wants to do a positive opposition party in the legislative yuan .
according to the source , under abbas ' advice , fatah gradually became a new government .
even so , hamas and fatah will also hold consultations on the distribution of their cabinet posts .
another way is to establish a framework for the legislative committee , which is not a party - affiliated cabinet .
it is reported that hamas has also designed a clear - cut expert - type government , but the specific list is unknown .
in view of the attitudes of the united states and israel , the technology - based government has no choice but to form a cabinet to reduce external pressure .
according to the stipulations of the basic law of palestine , the new legislative council will nominate the prime minister and form a cabinet after the inauguration of the new legislative council on 16 march .
where is the armed forces going ?
hamas 's weapons in hand are another major thorny issue facing the formation of a new government .
the us and israel have taken a very tough stance and resolutely demanded that hamas abandon violence and refuse to join the government with guns .
hamas leader mahmoud al-assad emphasized on 9 july that armed resistance is a strategic option of the organization .
armed issues actually include the legality of weapons and the two levels of the belonging of the armed forces .
hamas has been elected as a legislative council 's first party through democratic and free means , and has been recognized by the international community , enabling its subordinate armed forces to keep the legalization of the manchuria is to unify their security organs of the government .
hamas has proposed to unify all factions into palestinian national authority , the people 's army , but it has not received a wide response , and it has also been opposed by the islamic jihad ( hamas ) .
palestine now has 60,000 security personnel , and the overwhelming majority of them come from the fatah camp .
moreover , fatah also has some loose organization relations with its subordinate armed forces , such as the al-aqsa martyrs brigades , the arachi [ a hawk ] , and so on .
hamas , who is responsible for forming a cabinet , must hold talks with abbas on how to manage these armed forces that are in power and rationally distribute security management powers .
according to local media reports , abbas intends to take charge of security and intelligence troops , police and civil defense and other organizations , and the new government 's ministry of interior will be under control .
however , all parties are still holding consultations on this sensitive issue , and so far no further details have been reached .
china issues report on polar situation
beijing , february 10 ( xinhua ) the chinese state oceanography administration recently issued the " 2005 annual report on china 's polar survey " , which is the first time china has launched a 20 - plus - year scientific research drive in the country
the " report " comprehensively reflects the scientific research results of china 's polar science in 2005 , the extreme - purpose scientific research of logistical support , the main progress and results of scientific research .
according to the record of the " report , " at 2:15 on 9 january 2005 ( beijing time ) , the chinese antarctic investigation into the inland icy - covered hinterland successfully climbed to the antarctic inland icycle lake area where the highest altitude was covered by ice and successfully completed its first - aid mission at 3:15 on 18 january ( beijing time ) .
the market is playing a more and more intense international and extreme observation stage . the chinese people are strong will and dauntless spirit , have the courage to open up new fields , and have first launched a thorough investigation of the nanfang icao mountain , and have one - time successfully launched a campaign to achieve the goal of mankind 's success in the antarctic .
sun zhighui , director of the state oceanography bureau , said :
the " report " shows that on 24 march 2005 , the 21st china antarctic expedition team successfully completed its mission and returned to shanghai . the inspection lasted 151 days and 26,500 sea miles .
on 18 november of the same year , china 's 22 nd antarctic expedition team left shanghai and went to the antarctic zhongshan station to conduct scientific research activities , and will leave for the zhongshan station by the end of february 2006 .
since it was the first ultra - magic investigation report published by china , the " 2005 china polar survey report " also made a comprehensive assessment of the situation in china 's polar survey undertaking that started in the early 1980 s .
according to the " report , " in 1983 , china formally joined the " antarctic treaty " and became a member of the treaty organization , and successively became a member of the antarctic treaty consultative committee for nanji scientific research , the council of directors of nanji bureaus council of directors , and other most influential member countries of the international antarctic affairs organization .
in 1997 , china became a member of the committee of arctic science , and won the right to speak and make decisions on international extreme affairs .
the " report " points out that in the past 20 - odd years , china 's extreme observation has never been done , and has constantly developed . in the first place , the size of the archive has been formed into three stations , one ship of the nanfang ji expedition system , namely , the antarctic long city station established in february 1985 , and the antarctic zhongshan station established in february 1989 , and the northern pole station established in july 2004 , 2004 , and
according to the " report , " by the end of 2005 , china had organized 22 research projects in the antarctic science , with the name of the soyuetou river as the northern part of the platform for the arctic scientific research , which was built on the platform , for two consecutive visits to the huang he station . up to now , more than 3,000 personnel of the national inspection team have visited the south pole to conduct on - site inspections .
we are now working on the establishment of the third antarctic station , and is also china 's first inland station in the antarctica .
sun said .
after more than 20 years of effort , china 's polar survey cause has been extremely monotonous in the world 's polar observation , but compared with other major extreme surveying countries , china still has a relatively large gap .
he said .
sun zhighui revealed that china will publish an annual report on its inspection .
castro meets chinese president beijing , feb. 24
havana , february 10 ( xinhua ) cuba 's state council president castro met with visiting chinese vice premier li lanqing here thursday .
president castro warmly welcomed president chen to visit cuba .
he said : cuban - chinese relations are very friendly , and high - level exchanges have been frequent , which have effectively promoted and strengthened the friendship and mutual understanding between the two sides , and he hopes that the two countries will continue to deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in all fields , including education and science and technology .
chen said : cuba is a developing country in latin america and the caribbean region .
the friendly exchanges between the chinese and cuban peoples date back to ancient times .
cuba is the first country to establish diplomatic relations with new china .
after entering the new century , with the concern and promotion of the leaders of the two countries , the mutual political trust between the two countries has deepened day by day , the scope of cooperation has continuously expanded , and mutual support and cooperation have been strengthened in international affairs . the friendly relations between china and cuba have entered a new period of comprehensive development .
she expressed the belief that with the joint efforts of both sides , sino - cuban friendly cooperation will certainly yield more fruitful results .
chen zhili also pointed out that the chinese government has always attached importance to exchanges and cooperation with cuba in the field of education .
in recent years , the two countries have increasingly enhanced their exchanges and contacts between their personnel .
china actively supports the international conference held by cuba and has sent delegations to attend the world higher education conference and the 2005 anti - illiteracy conference .
cuba 's basic education level is very high , and it hopes to further strengthen the relevant experience exchange in the future .
chen said that china and cuba have common interests in scientific research and development . china and cuba can develop cooperation in various fields .
the chinese side has provided aid to cuba in some scientific research facilities and hopes to play a positive role in cuba 's scientific research and production .
she also briefed castro on china 's strategy of invigorating the country through science and education and the national science and technology conference .
chen arrived here on a two - day official visit to cuba at the invitation of the cuban government .
during this period , chen zhili met with cuban minister of higher education villain , and inspected the work of harvana university of information science , the university of information science , and the university of maria .
the explosion occurred on the beijing - kazakhstan highway , and some road sections were closed
harbin , february 11 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will continue to implement the strategy of building a well - off society in a traffic accident in a traffic accident in a 58 - kilometer section of the beijing - ha highway at about 2300 hours on february 10 , causing the closure of some sections .
according to the police officers of the traffic police brigade of the shuangcheng city public security bureau , at about 2300 on the 10th , three car collided in a 58 - kilometer section of the beijing - kazakhstan highway . a car with a oil tank truck collided with one another , and a oil tank truck leaked out of the cracks . the oil tanker in the inner loose was flowing on the road .
it is understood that the fuel tank loaded with coke and the waste oil that it had produced after the coke .
the reason why the waste oil is very fragile and the vehicle is so feared that there was a danger of fire in the past vehicles , and the relevant departments have already closed the road to the incident .
harbin to shuangcheng road to be closed , and many vehicles will be bypassed .
at present , relevant departments are clearing up the scene , and the cause of the accident is being investigated .
hk , hk to hold talks on hk 's nuclear program
hong kong , february 11 ( xinhua ) the hutchison whampoa ( hutchison ) company announced on tuesday that it will implement a plan to list the listed companies under the banner of the huangpu company limited .
and huo jianning , general manager of the huanggroup , said that although the three italian regulations have been approved by all relevant supervisory and supervisory organs on the market , the listing procedures must be completed within the next few weeks and time is really too hasty .
at the same time , the current situation in europe 's telecommunications market is weak , and the market may not necessarily give italy a 3 - fold list of suitable listed value at this moment .
in view of the fact that shareholders have the greatest interest , they decided to delay the listing .
as to when the stock market will be listed , fok said that it will be necessary to adjust the business situation of the european telecommunications market in the future .
he believes that from now on to the time of further recruiting shares , there is a need for italian enterprises to conduct extensive investment education activities to enable the global telecommunications investment market to have a clearer understanding of the current strong performance and favorable prospects of italy .
according to another report by the media , one of the italian coordinators , the investment bank gao sheng , agreeing to use 420 - million euros to sell the bonds in the form of private sales , holding 10- percent shares of italian - made stocks at the end of march this year .
china , myanmar to further economic ties
xinhua news agency , yangon , february 12 ( reporter zhang yunfei ) - chinese ambassador to myanmar woodwood and counselor for economic and commercial affairs , tang hai , on the eve of myanmar prime minister wen 's visit to china on the 14th , said that the economic and trade relations between china and burma are now exhibiting a good trend of simultaneously developing contents and multiplied forms of pluralism .
ambassador to the chinese embassy in the united states , kahiko said that the friendly relations between china and myanmar have been consolidated and developed on the basis of the five principles of peaceful coexistence in recent years , and exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been expanding and deepening .
counselor tang hai said : the high - level visits between the two countries have effectively promoted the development of economic and trade cooperation between the two countries .
the two countries have maintained close cooperation in the fields of economy and trade during the high - level exchange visits in 2004 , and most of them are being implemented and implemented .
he said : 2004 was $ 11.4 - billion , and in 2005 it reached $ 12.09 - billion , of which china 's exports were $ 935 - billion , and import was $ 274.4 - billion .
last year , in bilateral trade , trade between china and myanmar ( including border trade ) totaled 6.33 - billion us dollars , increasing by 14.66 percent over the previous year .
tang said myanmar has become a major country in the country 's enterprises ' contractual engineering business , and china 's major projects in myanmar include power stations , bridges , and factories ( such as cantonese plants ) , which have been built by the sugar factory , and so on .
chinese enterprises have started engineering business in myanmar , which has led to the growth of export of various kinds of mechanical and electrical products in china , and myanmar has become an important market for china 's export of complete sets of equipment and mechanical and electrical products .
according to statistics released by the chinese customs , in the past five years , the export volume of mechanical and electrical products has accounted for about 455.6 percent of china 's total exports to myanmar .
counselor tang also said that myanmar has abundant resources and chinese companies have started investing in the nickel ore and other resources in burma . the cooperation between china and burma in economic and trade cooperation has great potential .
he hoped that chinese enterprises will have long - term vision , learn to avoid risks , and make prudent decisions , and establish a good image of enterprises and ensure quality of projects .
ambassador to the state , and counselor tang hai all believe that the upcoming visit to china by prime minister wolfowitz is a major event in bilateral relations this year and is of great significance to enhancing political mutual trust , promoting bilateral cooperation , and promoting the further development of good - neighborly and friendly relations between china and burma .
during the visit , the two sides will sign several documents on economic and trade cooperation .
world bank to reduce poorest countries
moscow , february 11 ( xinhua ) world bank president wolfowitz said in moscow on the 11th that the world bank will completely remove the poorest countries ' debts before the middle of this year .
wolfowitz met with chinese foreign minister li zhaoxing , who is here to attend the g - 8 finance ministers ' meeting in moscow on the same day .
in a statement issued after the meeting , he said that the world bank will implement the debt reduction plan before july 1 this year , and that the world bank is now completing all technical work .
last year , the world bank donated countries to completely relieve the debt owed by 28 countries and pledged to provide assistance to the relevant trust funds .
the imf 's creditor 's rights are relatively small , and the imf has started to reduce or waive its debts since the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz 's decision to dismiss russia from debt - relief for 16 african countries .
gao qing 's digital television is gradually becoming the mainstream in the united states .
xinhua news agency , new york , february 12 ( reporter fan xiaolin ) with the rapid development of the digital television sets ( the piano ) prices , and the continuous expansion of the market , the american television network has also stepped up its efforts to launch the corresponding high - qing television program .
the just - closed american supermarket has a little - colored rope has become a model for american broadcasting industry to greet the era of high qing .
according to a recent report by the financial times , the us congress recently passed a bill requiring us broadcasting operators to submit a bill to the congress for approval by the us broadcasting industry on 17 february 2009 , and only by broadcasting figures .
this means that the comprehensive digitization of the broadcast of american television programs has already had a definite timetable .
high resolution digital television 's popularization depends on consumers ' purchase of television sets , on the one hand , on the other hand , on the other hand , on the production agencies provide high - resolution digital programs .
although the number of digital television stations has been repeatedly mentioned in the past few years , they have never become reality .
this problem has taken a turn for the better this year .
according to the us consumer electronics association 's forecast , the number of digital television sets will exceed the traditional television sets for the first time this year , while the number of digital television sets will reach 850 percent , which is high resolution products .
japanese researchers develop new highly efficient man - made kidney
tokyo , february 13 ( xinhua ) japan 's east china sea university researchers developed a new biological human resource model , which is a new type of human kidney kidney kidney - class kidney - class kidney , and also has the ability to retain the material components .
according to a report by the nihon industrial news , the newly developed biological man - made kidney class is mainly composed of two parts , and part is filed from blood and water substances .
the spine - shaped and the tug - shaped tubes are all transmitted from the chinese - made air lines to the people 's urine tubes .
this type of hollywood cells can make many blood transfusion causes a disease that is closely related to the blood transmitter molecules , and the causes of the irrigation of material are transmitted into amino acid and return to blood , and at the same time can also make the most of the wine 's pork and redome matter needed to enter the blood .
in the past , the man - made kidney was used to infiltrate the different treatment waste , and could not completely remove it . moreover , it was not qualified to have the capacity to reproduce the genome of amino aci and other elements .
researchers used the hillsides to carry out biological man - made kidney transplant experiments , and the chinese air cafe that uses human beings on the rooftop riverbanks .
two weeks later , researchers confirmed that the man - made kidney had been able to function .
they are developing and using human kidney cells , and they will be able to make a breakthrough in verifying their safety .
china 's power production safety is still facing a grim challenge
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the state power regulatory commission ( sdrc ) said on the 13th that although electricity safety remained stable in 2005 , the power safety situation remained stable , and the power production safety was still facing a grim challenge .
wang zhongyu , vice chairman of the state electrical regulatory commission , said at a national power safety production commission 's fifth meeting ( enlarged ) that the 2005 power safety production safety work in china will be stable on the whole , and the task of greeting the summer peak has been successfully completed , and the power supply and demand for electricity will be realized , while the emergency disaster will be actively dealt with , and the power system will operate safely and steadily .
however , he pointed out that with the changes in the situation of power supply and demand and the large number of new power generating units being put into operation , power production safety will face new challenges .
these challenges include : regional timing , electricity supply , and electricity supply , and the power supply of some regions will still be tight ; as electricity supply is still on the rise , the good mechanism for electricity and coal prices has not yet been formed , the problem of coal supply still has a fairly big problem . at the same time , the problem of coal quality decline has not been effectively controlled , and this will have a serious impact on the stable operation of power generation generating units , and some of the
shi yubo said : with the deepening of reform of the power system , many deep - seated contradictions will continue to be exposed . how to maintain stability of the staff and workers and ensure normal production order will become a new problem facing us .
in view of the work of production safety in 2006 , shi yubo said that it is necessary to further strengthen the basic work of power production safety management , speed up the establishment and improvement of emergency management mechanisms for power safety , enhance the ability to deal with emergency incidents , strengthen coordination and cooperation in power plants ' networks , and jointly safeguard the security of the power system , and continue to do a good job in the work of supervising the safety of the water power stations and building information systems , so as
it is reported that in connection with the new situation in power safety management , the china electrical supervision and management commission will conduct a thorough investigation of the " interim regulations on investigation of power production accidents " that have been promulgated this year . at the same time , the work of supporting documents on safety protection of the power stations ' safety and power - second systems will be carried out one after another this year .
in 2005 , the electricity consumption of the whole society in china reached 24689,100 kilowatts , up 13.455 percent over the same period of last year .
in the face of the situation of power supply and demand still being tight , the contradictions between coal , electricity , and oil and transportation have been conspicuous , various power enterprises have taken effective measures to strengthen equipment management , and there has been no extraordinarily serious power production accidents throughout the country last year .
the number of power grids has been reduced by 127 , and 427 equipment accidents have occurred , a decrease of 132 compared with the same period last year .
south african envoy to china said south africa does not have a binding force that is targeted at chinese citizens ' criminal acts .
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to open the door to the south african embassy in china from january 1 to february 13 , said chinese foreign minister li zhaoxing here thursday .
he said that the south african government will do its best to crack down on all forms of criminal activities .
fu konen said that the south african government hopes to reduce the crime rate to zero and hopes that every person working in south africa will be able to get a safe life and property .
since 2006 , four of the chinese citizens have been killed in south africa , and the chinese world has expressed its deep concern over this .
the chinese foreign ministry has made representations with south africa in this regard and reminded chinese citizens in south africa to further enhance their awareness of security and to strengthen their unity and friendship and cooperation with the police in cracking down on criminal activities .
i would like to express my sincere sympathy and condolences to the family members of the victims .
fu konen said : we feel sorry about this and also invite the chinese people to believe that the south african government is seriously investigating every case involving china .
according to the chinese embassy in south africa , south african police have successfully cracked a case of chinese fujian woman chen jianqing killed in south africa on 5 february , and a suspect has been arrested .
police are hunting for another suspect .
according to the south african embassy in china , the suspect of shooting in hong kong was arrested by south african police in january this year , and the victim 's property has been recovered .
on the possibility of killing chinese citizens , the chinese government has decided to give a full play to the role of the chinese government in the fight against the japanese government 's invasion of china .
according to the tourism commissioner of the south african embassy , the embassy has held a public hearing on the incident in the first 15 days of this year , in which more than 2,000 chinese people were issued .
according to chinese official statistics , south africa will continue to maintain its status as the largest trade partner of china in africa in 2005 .
the volume of bilateral trade reached $ 7270 - million , an increase of 23.7 percent over the same period of last year .
however , the tourism industry believes that the series of incidents of chinese citizens killed in 2004 have caused serious harm to the number of chinese tourists to south africa .
according to south african tourism bureau statistics , the number of chinese tourists to south africa in the first half of 2005 was 2031 , a decrease of 14.99 percent over the same period of last year .
the chinese living in south africa now have about 200,000 people , and the urban and rural areas in south africa are all covered .
analysts here believe that the gap between the rich and the poor in south africa , the high unemployment rate , the rampant gun , and the lack of a deterrence against the death toll , has remained high .
because many chinese do not understand english , there is money in their possession and home , and it is more prone to become the targets of criminal elements who make money .
hk to promote english language learning and training
hong kong , february 13 ( xinhua ) the hong kong special administrative region government launched a new english campaign on the 13th to enable more serving people to enhance their english standards .
this is a good english - language , a rich life - oriented project , including a series of promotional activities to promote the development of workplace learning and training , and to encourage employers to better understand how to help employees enhance their english standard .
the scheme has so far provided nearly 25,000 people with funding support for the workplace english training programme , which has reached the standard of the hong kong workplace english benchmarks .
the operation of the local workplace english campaign is a major initiative launched by the sar government in 2000 .
the campaign is an important project for providing workplace english training to the public .
the scheme aims to help people who need to use english in their work and to participate in the training and participation of designated international english standards in the workplace to meet their requirements .
hebei aids testing and testing is free of charge
xinhua news agency , shijiazhuang , february 14 ( reporter dong zhimong ) hebei province 's health department recently formulated and distributed the " hebei provincial aids consultation and inspection plan " ( trial implementation plan ) , which clearly stipulate that free - of - charge cering must be provided for in the hiv testing program , and it is hoped that hiv carriers and patients will be discovered to further implement measures for prevention and interference and the four - point protective measures .
the " plan " clearly defines the work of providing voluntary consultation and testing of aids in hebei province : the test and consultation of aids antibody resistance , the implementation of free medical examination and consultation , the voluntary and consultation of aids antibody testing and consultation , the test and consultation of aids antibody , and the disinfection of consultation and confidentiality of aids patients , and the legal rights and interests of hiv carriers and aids patients are protected , thus providing relevant follow - up services for them
the " plan " requires that aids consultation and testing points should be set up in places that are convenient for consulting , so as to protect the selfish interests of the consular , there should be a single room , and one - to - one consultation can be conducted .
the choice of the consular should be taken into full consideration the personal quality and responsibility , the knowledge and the ability to exchange .
to protect the selfish interests of the consular , a sample test can be used to make a registration .
the " plan " also requires that health administrative departments at and above the county level should publicize the results of the local major media on the medical and health institutions responsible for free aids inspection and treatment services and make the masses understand the relevant information .
the ministry of public security still focused its work on extorting confessions by torture .
beijing , february 14 ( xinhua ) the police are investigating a case in which a man was killed in a burglary in the country 's capital , said zheng baigang , deputy director of the police bureau , at a press conference held by the ministry of public security on february 14
the focus of the work of the inspectors is to prevent the occurrence of these problems .
he also pointed out that some international organizations have not yet understood the law enforcement situation in china , and have not completely understood it .
the latest information provided by the ministry of public security on 14 april shows that the ministry of public security has issued the " interim regulations on the execution of leave - in - charge measures by public security organs " in 2002 , " stipulating that the public security organs should apply continuing interrogations , " thus ensuring that the grassroots public security organs have better guaranteed the application of interrogations in accordance with the law .
since 1997 , the three regulations have been implemented in a thorough - going way ( namely , the measures for harnessing confused guns and the use of force to control the abuse of force ) . the police inspectors of the public security organs across the country have insisted on going deep into the prison police station , the sergeant sergeant detachment , and other frontline law enforcement offices , and have been conducting supervision and management on the spot , thus effectively checking the safety of citizens .
to prevent law enforcement at its source , the police inspectors have further extended the scope of enforcement inspectors ' antennae , increased the supervision of the relevant measures , and stepped up the supervision of the police 's supervision over the cases of cases involving property cases involving the case of harcourt order , penalties on public security personnel , and information on theft of motor vehicles .
senior chinese official calls for more effective treatment of sars in taipei
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the united states has been the first to hold a meeting of the asia - pacific economic cooperation ( apec ) to discuss the issue of the taiwan strait exchange foundation ( sef ) , according to a report from taipei on february 15
sun yun - hsuan was born on november 11 , 1913 , and was born in penglai , shandong , and the department of electrical machinery of harbin industrial university .
it is the 10 th and 13 th cpc central committee member of the kmt , the 11th central standing committee member of the 14th central committee , and the presidium of the central committee appraisal committee , and the central advisory committee 's appraisal committee .
he was once a director of the taiwan authorities ' communications department , and he was a member of the executive yuan .
heilongjiang spends water pollution assessment in songhua river
harbin , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has made great efforts to do a good job in the dried water period and ice - melting process of the songhua river and to prevent and control pollution in the river period , and heilongjiang province will actively promote the work of assessing the impact of the songhua river 's water pollution environment and the implementation of countermeasures .
the reporter learned from the heilongjiang provincial environmental protection bureau that the state environmental protection administration 's leading group organized the yuanhua river 's major pollution environmental impact assessment and countermeasures , together with the project of drawing up 15 special topics , which is divided into two topics : evaluation of the emergency environment of incidents and the assessment of the ecological effects of ecological effects , and comprehensive evaluation of the human health pollution control project , which are divided into five areas , and the specific time schedule for the work is three stages .
at present , heilongjiang has a total of more than 60 scientific research institutes and colleges and universities , totaling more than 60 people , have undertaken technical research work on 14 subjects .
it is reported that environmental protection departments and related scientific research institutes will conduct research on five special topics , namely , evaluation of the emergency environment and countermeasures , in an effort to solve environmental problems that the masses are urgently concerned about .
the main features of the pollutants are to control the concentration of pollutants and the total number of outbound pollutants , and the impact on the safety of the songhua river 's aquatic products on the consumption of water from both sides of the river and the safety of water supply from the ground , and the impact of the environmental impact assessment of the municipal security control and assessment of the emergency cleaning technology for water supply and water control .
the heilongjiang provincial environmental protection department will also increase the environmental monitoring efforts along the songhua river , and strictly investigate and deal with serious pollution caused by illegal pollution discharge and illegal construction .
heilongjiang will send environmental law enforcement personnel to supervise and guide various localities in carrying out comprehensive improvement of the environment in the small valley , improve the system of harnessing river and other supporting rivers in the shizi river , and so on .
beijing university sets off for wang selection of academician
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has been working hard to improve the quality of its students and to promote the development of the country 's economy , said academician wang xuebin , who is currently on a visit to china at the centenary of the century
at 0800 hours , the opening hours of the hall have not yet arrived , and there are dozens of people outside the gate .
the reporters have learned from the beijing university 's commemorative hall that the hall 's wall was hanging on the wall of the hall : the pain of the martyrs ' day was filled with black banners .
the horizontal deck was a mere ten - odd - square - meter statue of wang xun . he was wearing a glasses , laughing , and a smiling and smiling face .
the two sides of the statue were placed on several dragons and dozens of flowers in the gardens .
one of the reversals wrote : the brain was made in qin sheng 's ancient chinese coincidence .
the mourning hall was low and the atmosphere was filled with a heavy mood .
among the group members who were memorial , the leaders and teachers of the beijing university , and friends of the friends of the friends of the university , as well as many people who have been indifferent to him , were specially invited to come .
some of them held flowers in their hands , some carried flowers , and each of them had their chest wearing small white flowers , slowly and slowly walked to the front of academician wang xuan , bowing to their profound condolences .
many people can not help but shed tears .
he was once director of the state administration of cultural relics , and was a senior alumnus of beijing university . he told the reporter that more than 10 years ago , he was still working in henan province . he asked professor wang to give a report to the provincial party committee cadres on scientific and technological innovations .
academician wang chieh - ch'eng is a good example of our study . he has made outstanding contributions to the country and society . the people will never forget his contributions . the people will never forget him . the people will never forget him .
jin ruilin , professor of the beijing university law school , and wang xuan are old friends of the past 40 - plus years .
he was just discharged a few days ago . he insisted on having a good talk with old friends today .
in his book , mr. kim said that he would not stop his own pessimism and would take paper pole on several occasions .
he told the reporter that professor wang ch'un 's life was very frugal , and he was already a professor at the office , and he had already had a very high achievement . however , he still was very small .
later he moved to the zetan garden and found a large number of people living in a place of 780 square meters .
beijing university gave him a bachelor 's building at the blue flag building , a large house of more than 140 square meters , he did not want , high - level housing provided by fangcheng building , he did not want to go to the streets .
mr. jin recalled with deep feeling that wang ch'un had a " very good " foreign treatment during his overseas visit .
he insisted not to be an academician at the beginning of his career , and after mr. zhou peishan had been mobilized many times , he had to fill the manure .
let mr. jin feel deeply that there is still a great deal of work in the attitude of wang xuan to cultivate young people . he emphasized on many occasions that now i see what i have , i do n't look at myself , instead of depending on my own , and we should rely on the cultivation of young people .
mr. jin said : when he was 50 years old , wang ch'un began to pay attention to cultivating young people . he always stressed that he wanted to pave the way and to be willing to be a human beings and to give young people a way .
this is a very successful scientist . it is very hard .
this reporter learned from the beijing university news center that , from 09:00 to 12:00 on 15 february , the daily number of people working in the university was from 9:00 to 1600 . from this time , academician wang ch'un 's memorial hall was open to the public to express condolences .
the " red army " was praised as a model of contemporary beam , and the chinese academy of sciences academician of the chinese academy of engineering , professor wang xuan of the third world academy of sciences , who was naive because of illness , died of illness on 13 february at beijing 's coordinator and hospital at the age of 70 .
npc chairman meets chilean parliament president
wu bangguo attended the signing ceremony and signed the agreement
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) , wu bangguo , chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) , attended a signing ceremony at the great hall of the people on the afternoon of the 15 th to sign a political dialogue agreement between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament .
the chinese npc and the chilean parliament have officially established a mechanism for exchanges .
it is reported that chilean senate president romanian senate president rodrigo and house speaker arsenio aiso have signed a memorandum of understanding on the agreement in santiago , the capital of chile .
according to the agreement , the two sides will conduct bilateral consultations on the basis of the principles set in the communiqu on the establishment of diplomatic relations between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament , and the two sides will set up a dialogue committee to hold regular meetings between the two countries to jointly promote the comprehensive development of bilateral relations .
chilean ambassador to china karimov attended the signing ceremony .
china to issue regulations on protection of information network
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the number of people living in the country is rising by a large margin , according to reports from the state press and magazine
wang ziqiang said : according to the existing laws and regulations , the works published in newspapers and periodicals can not be used as a litter of verbal verbal statement , and newspapers and periodicals can not be used by the author , and at the same time , they should pay the salaries . in accordance with the law , the state copyright bureau specially set the standards for transferring the press and publications to the state copyright administration .
however , according to the existing laws , the newspaper enjoys such legal licensing rights , and the internet is not entitled to such statutory licensing rights .
according to the judicial interpretation made by the supreme people 's court , the use method for newspaper and periodical reprints can apply to the internet , namely , the short - term articles published on the internet , and the author does not make any irrelevant statement that can not be used by the internet , and at the same time , pay for remuneration .
however , as the judicial interpretation does not have a provision on remuneration , the use of these works on the internet has not paid any salary .
the state has a clear idea of the use of these short - term works published on the internet , whether they are applicable to the legal level , and also need to be defined from the legal level .
wang ziqiang said : whether or not it has been incorporated into the scope set by law , and whether or not the right to protect the right to disseminate information networks is confirmed by the regulations for protection of the right to protect the information network this year .
russian military says georgian parliament resolution not to affect russian peace - keeping operations
moscow , february 15 ( xinhua ) russia 's defense ministry news officer sergei sheff told the media on february 15 that the georgian parliament has reached a consensus on the russian peacekeeping forces ' decision in the near future , and that the russian military will not be affected .
russian state duma ( lower house of parliament ) cis chairman kokov made a statement on the same day on the georgian parliament 's resolution on russian peacekeeping forces , pointing out that georgia 's resolution would undermine the stability of the situation in the region and would produce an adverse impact on russian - georgian relations .
he stressed : the georgian parliament resolution has further pushed russian - georgian relations to a deteriorating direction .
he said that georgia 's accusation against russia is absurd .
the georgian parliament passed a resolution on the same day , asking russia 's peacekeeping troops to stop their peacekeeping activities in the south ossetia , but they did not set the specific time limit for the withdrawal of russian peacekeeping troops .
georgia 's parliament denounced russian peacekeeping personnel for failing to fulfill their obligations and taking the actions taken by russia in the conflict as a way to swallow and this territory of georgia .
the georgian parliament has asked the government to take active action to consider entering the international peacekeeping force in the south ossetia conflict to replace russian peacekeeping operations in the region .
the georgian parliament also instructed the government to revise the regulations governing the entry of russian peacekeeping personnel into the conflict area .
the southern ossetia is a state of georgia 's autonomous state , and it borders the republic of georgia 's northern ossetia .
after the disintegration of the former soviet union , it declared independence on its own and protested against the georgian central government for a long time .
at present , russia has a station in the region with a capacity of 500 people .
this unit is based on the 1992 russian standard of the georgian pinyin river , the southern lake , and the agreement signed by the four sides .
four people in charge of the large fire at liaoyuan hospital will be prosecuted for major responsibility
xinhua news agency , changchun , february 16 ( reporter zhou liquan ) a senior official of the jiaoyuan city hospital in jilin province confirmed the death of 11 people responsible for the accident , including the squad leader of the hospital electric work squad , zhang diankun , and four others who were charged with major responsibility for the accident .
on 15 december 2005 , the biggest hospital in liaoyuan city , a fire broke out at the yuyuan hospital , which eventually led to the death of 39 people .
in this fire , the area of excavation has reached more than 5,000 square meters .
it is understood that this is the first time the national medical and health system has undergone a major fire since the founding of new china .
according to investigation , at about 1630 on the day of the incident , the power station suddenly stopped at the central hospital of liaoyuan city . according to the electric circuit design of the hospital , if the power station 's electric gate gate would automatically jump to the deputy gate and continue to maintain normal power supply , the electric gate at that time did not automatically turn the gate , and the head of the electric work squad , zhang diankun , was forced to make a report
the underground cable that was smoke at that time , more than 10 electric cables were wrapped up in unsealed fashion , and the power grids like this should be very tied up to the ground and be equipped with fire prevention .
therefore , the 57 - year - old company of liaoyuan city 's electric gas installation team leader zhao yongchun , retired cadre of the liaoyuan electric bureau ( senior engineer ) sun fenglin , retired staff and workers of the yuyuan city center hospital , and returned to the posts , and kim chengtai , a staff member of the bureau , were also prosecuted for major responsibility for the accident .
the first - ever travel period in guizhou in china 's rural areas
guiyang , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will implement a plan to build a water conservancy project in tianlong township , ping wu county , guizhou province , on the morning of the 16 th , and the children on the high face of the festive joyful joy .
at 10 : 30 in the morning , after the five - year event ended , the young - shirt , 80 - year - old zheng peqin - qin , sounded the alarm for the first - round tour of guizhou in china 's rural areas .
tin lung tuen mun village is an example of the development of tourism in guizhou 's rural areas and a national demonstration point for rural tourism .
as a member of the tuen mun military in the ming dynasty , the lungbao people have been locked up for more than 600 years .
here , we can see how many people wear a wide - scattered blue and long - sleet , and ancient han culture and dress are in tuen mun village .
it is understood that tien lung village has relied on this cultural and traditional advantage to develop rural cultural tourism since 2002 , and in 2005 alone , the income of admission tickets has reached 38.8 - million yuan , and the entire village has 40,000 - plus peasant households selling 7,000 food and clothing and raw materials to take part in tourism . the average income of peasants has increased from over 130 - million yuan in 2002 to 2640 yuan in 2005 .
yang shengming , director of the guizhou provincial tourism bureau , said that after the first - ever travel season in tianlung , the provincial tourism administration focused on new rural tourism , new experience of new stories , new stories , and new tourist attractions . this year , various rural tourism activities in guizhou will reach 35 items .
so far , more than 130 villages have been launched in guizhou .
in january , housing prices in 70 cities across the country increased by 5.55 percent , while the prices of houses continued to decline .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the number of people living in the 70 large and medium - sized cities increased by 5.4 percent in january , the highest since the beginning of the year , according to the report .
the housing prices in shanghai continued to decline .
the national development and reform commission announced on 16 june that the national statistics bureau had released data that the majority of the 70 large and medium - sized cities had a small increase in housing sales in january of this year , and that the hulaichi haoshichi city 's haoshichi city 's haochu city 's prices continued to decline , dropping , and down by 0.4 percent as compared with the same period last year .
statistics from the same quarter show that in the first quarter of last year , the price of shanghai housing sold was 19.110 percent higher than the corresponding period of last year . after that , there was a slight decline in the second half of last year .
in january this year , the number of newly - built commercial housing prices in 70 large and medium - sized cities increased 6.9 percent over the same period of last year , and the rate of increase was 0.2 percentage points lower than that of last month .
the increase in new commodity housing prices in cities , including dalian 18.9993 percent , haochun 14.777.7 percent of the 10.07 percent of the population of chengdu , 9.114 percent of the population of beijing , while shanghai dropped 3.1 percent compared with the same period of last year .
the central organization department called for further strengthening supervision over the selection and appointment of leading cadres and cadres .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the central organization department recently issued a circular on strengthening the work of supervising cadres .
the opinions urged organization departments at all levels to proceed from strict management and care for cadres , and to carry out cadre supervision throughout the entire process of cadre training and education examination , and to select and use every link of routine management , and establish and perfect a system of supervision work to be carried out in a timely manner , and earnestly strengthen supervision over leading cadres and the work of selecting and appointing cadres .
the opinions pointed out : the main tasks of organizational departments in supervising cadres are : first , supervision of leading bodies and leading cadres should be strengthened . the focus should be on supervision of principal responsible persons of leading bodies . second , supervision over the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres of party and government organizations should be focused on the implementation of the " regulations on selecting and appointing leading cadres of party and government organizations . "
in the supervision of leading bodies and leading cadres , the opinions pointed out that it is necessary to unswervingly and unremittingly do a good job in education on ideals and convictions and education on combating corruption and promoting clean government , and guide and supervise leading cadres in strengthening their party spirit and cultivating , and persist in building a party that governs for the public , and build a strong ideological and moral defense line for resisting corruption and degeneration .
we should make a report on the work of promoting new cadres in the area of honesty and self - discipline .
we must urge leading bodies at all levels to uphold democratic centralism , establish and improve rules and procedures for making decisions in a matter of affairs , conscientiously implement the system of combining collective leadership with individual division of work .
we should give prominence to supervision over the principal responsible persons of leading bodies , organize ( personnel ) departments to frequently hold regular meetings with principal responsible persons of the leading bodies at the lower level , understand their ideological work style , and so on .
we should establish and improve the system of day - to - day management and supervision of leading cadres , and regularly understand and analyze the ideological and work style of leading cadres , and propose opinions and measures for solving problems .
the practice of leading cadres ' making speeches and writing letters has been implemented , and problems of unhealthy trends have been discovered , and timely holding talks or written letters have been made .
we should pay close attention to the outstanding problems that the masses have reported , and earnestly investigate and understand the problems , and give criticism and education or corresponding organizational punishment to those who have problems , thus forming a situation in which discipline and law - enforcement organs are involved in violation of discipline and law . we should adopt appropriate methods to clarify the problems they have found in the investigation .
at the same time , we should combine strengthening supervision with encouraging cadres to boldly explore new areas and to commend outstanding cadres .
the opinions demanded that organization ( personnel ) departments at all levels effectively strengthen supervision over the work of selecting and appointing leading party and government cadres .
further improve the system of recommending and recommending cadres , and make decisions on the basis of discussion , and strictly ensure that cadres are selected and appointed , so as to make a good start in selecting and appointing cadres and make a good start in the work of handling affairs that are properly handled by the masses of people at all levels , and effectively ensure that cadres at all levels have the confidence of the people .
we should strengthen supervision and inspection of the implementation of the regulations on appointing cadres , and strictly investigate and deal with acts that violate the regulations on appointing cadres , and resolutely check unhealthy trends and corrupt phenomena in employing people .
the practice of seriously violating the regulations in supervising and inspecting personnel issues has been implemented , and the intensity of supervision and handling has been increased .
we should establish and improve a system for investigating and affixing responsibility for the work of selecting and appointing cadres , and scientifically define the responsibilities of the main bodies of all links of the work of selecting and appointing cadres in a scientific way , and clearly define the method of holding accountable those who are involved in the work .
and give full play to the role of the masses in supervision , establish and improve a mechanism that is convenient to the masses , and ensure that the reports are highly effective .
we should give play to the role of supervision by public opinion , and report to the media on the relevant situation in the work of selecting and appointing cadres in a timely manner and accept supervision by public opinion .
the opinions proposed that we should further improve the mechanism for coordination and coordination in cadre supervision .
the organization ( personnel ) departments should strengthen their coordination with discipline inspection organs , establish a mechanism of coordination with discipline inspection organs in the work of improving the party 's work style , building a clean and honest government , and strengthen the joint force of supervision .
in conjunction with discipline inspection organs , they have conscientiously done a good job in inspection , improved inspection methods , improved inspection systems , and improved inspection quality .
in conjunction with auditing organs , they have conscientiously implemented the auditing system on economic responsibilities of leading cadres .
we should improve the internal supervision mechanism of the work of selecting and appointing cadres in organization departments .
taiwan authorities use force against taiwan 's investment in mainland beijing , july 1
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) taiwan authorities have not yet been able to hold a referendum on the 15 th , according to the taiwan authorities ' economic affairs department 's decision on punishing the taiwan authorities ' key officials of the huahua electronics joint - stock company limited ( suixin ) , because the reason is that the regulations provide regulations to assist in the operation of the regulations to play a role in the mainland 's traditional cooperative projects and the shipbuilding technology companies .
taiwan 's chung - kuo shih - pao reports that chen shui - bian [ chen shuibian ] dished out the active management , effective and open - minded cross - strait economic and trade policies , and the taiwan authorities ' first sentence on taiwan businessmen 's investment in the mainland .
according to reports , taiwan 's economic ministry voted for the ruling party , saying that the united telecommunications company was fined because it violated the regulations governing the relations between people on both sides of the strait and the regulations governing investment or technical cooperation in the mainland region .
in the future , the market will be examined according to the situation , and the case will be handled by former chairman cao xingcheng and others .
the problem of the ufj electric power case began in february 2005 . at that time , taiwan prosecutor 's department used more than 100 high - level personnel to cover the residential and office of several high - ranking personnel of the united microelectronics company , saying that the unicom was suspected to provide illegal capital and manpower resources to ship - based technology and ship - based science and technology .
the chairman of the board of directors of the united nations , cao xingcheng , subsequently publicly stated that the united telecommunications corporation did not violate any regulations of the taiwan authorities . the united telecommunications corporation has provided assistance to the shipbuilding technology for the long - term interests of the united telecommunications corporation . if it does not enter the mainland market as soon as possible , the united telecommunications corporation will lose business opportunities .
afterwards , the taiwan authorities ' financial supervision and management committee , in violation of the regulations governing the disclosure of business information , opened a new nt $ 3 - million fine to the united microelectronics corporation .
on january 9 , 2006 , the board of directors of the united nations telegraph agency accepted the resignation of cao xingcheng . cao xingcheng was arrested for suspected involvement in violation of regulations in investing in the mainland .
the alliance electric company and the taiwan chip circuit corporation ( called the chip ) have also claimed that the chijing - twin pop is the leading high - tech enterprises on the island .
the taiwan authorities ' annual reports on the investigation and handling of the alliance electric power station have received great attention from all walks of life on the island .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) macao 's second lotus , the chinese language contest has conferred a chinese language from all over the world
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the second annual conference of the macao special administrative region ( sar ) held here today is a very important event for the development of the macao economy
the grand prize was jointly presented by the macao foundation and the hundred flowers and literary and art publishing house .
in 2004 , the five th anniversary of macao 's return to the motherland was the first time that macao 's silk culture grand matches were held in my heart , and literary lovers at home and abroad responded positively . the organizing committee received more than 800 entries , and more than 10 award - winning people from home and abroad were invited to the macao sar to receive awards .
wu zhiliang , executive member of the macao foundation , told a press conference on the 17th that last year , the historical urban area of macao was listed as a world cultural heritage list , which means that the long - term lifestyle and community management mode of the macao people have been affirmed by the world . this means that the pond and the chinese nation are different , and the tradition of friendly affection has been developed in the macao sar , and the macao sar government has decided
wu zhiliang said : it is precisely under this good cultural atmosphere that the macao foundation and the hundred - flowers literary and art publishing house have decided to once again cooperate to hold the second prowess of macao , which is the second largest of its kind in the hearts of the people in macao , and hope that participants will display their patriotic love for macao and display their unique cultural and cultural characteristics and special features of macao 's stability and the sar 's prosperity .
according to the information given , the draft " distribution of text and sea " and " outline of the competition " will open up a column to select and participate in the competition on 1 september this year .
the results will be announced in 2007 after the announcement of the results of the selection .
shandong successfully implemented a cardiovascular heart transplant operation
xinhua news agency , jinan , february 17 ( zhang yuqing and shen guofang ) - the jinan military region cardiovascular disease research institute recently successfully conducted a cardiac transplant operation in carbon dioxide .
the reporter learned from the monitoring room of the serious illness on 17 august that the baby was full of face for 51 days after the art , and all monitoring and inspection indicators were normal and steadily passed the dangerous period of the operation .
according to the doctors who had received the treatment on the same day , the patient from tai an rural , shandong , was taken to the hospital by his parents . he was all young and purple , and had a breathing difficulties . after examining the diagnosis of the genetic genetic genetic heart disease , he had to undergo heart transplant .
cardiovascular operation is the most difficult and most complicated risk in heart surgery .
in particular , the number of child cardiopathy surgery under one year old is still empty in the country .
the jinan military region 's cardiovascular disease research institute organized experts to repeatedly demonstrate the results and carefully design the operation and after - the - art monitoring plan , and made independent innovations in the method of blood management , and conducted animal experiments .
at 08:00 on december 28 , 2005 , the operation formally began .
the body was given by a man who was found to have been breathing and breathing , because of his pregenetic lung .
the operation should be combined with six blood vessels , and the sewing of more than 510 injections is not more than 3 millimeters per nets .
the operation was successfully completed in 295 minutes .
the state administration of safety supervision [ sssao ] has put in place the key tasks of this year :
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the four major accidents have occurred one after another in a row between the mine disaster and the mine accident in which more than 100 people were killed , the report said
the reporter learned from the state administration of production safety on 17 july that it is necessary to really check the occurrence of major and exceptionally serious accidents , and that coal mines are the most important of the work .
this year , the state administration of coal mine safety and safety supervision will do the following three things well :
the battery continued to fight valiant battles .
this year , the wwii management must first and foremost place the key position .
if the mine is not properly controlled , it will be very difficult to use the water in accordance with the law .
the market will continue to fight a battle to consolidate and close down the enemy .
we should regard the number of 5,243 public notice notices , and the number of cases recently reported in various localities as more than 700 coal pits each year to death .
we should regard closing down enterprises as routine work , and constantly close down those enterprises that damage resources and pollute the environment , which do not have safety conditions .
qiushi to strengthen basic management of coal mine safety
we must immediately correct the practice of stopping the slide in the management of large state - owned mines , and establish a standardized safety management system for small mines that are in chaos in management .
in particular , it is necessary to pay attention to key state - owned coal mines , and absolutely not allow superficial power to produce superficial power .
this year , the production safety control index demands that the number of deaths of all types across the country decreased by 35.5 percent , of which the coal mine drop by 3.555 percent .
the death toll of the extraordinarily serious accident that occurred one after another should drop by 550 percent , of which 77.4 percent will be lost .
these control indices have been issued to all provincial - level people 's governments , and are being implemented at various levels to grassroots and enterprises .
statistics show that the number of coal mine accidents in the whole country in 2005 was 5986 , down by 0.7 percent from the same period last year .
however , the extraordinarily serious accident involving more than 10 people killed in one single incident has increased , with 66.6 percent of the dead .
barroso calls for all parties to hold talks on kosovo 's status
belgrade , february 17 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a new european union ( eu ) , which is a permanent member of the european union ( eu ) , to help the european union ( eu ) to implement its nuclear programs in the future process of kosovo 's status talks , said sergei platini , president of the european commission , on tuesday .
on the same day , barroso met separately with president of the interim authority of cote d'ivoire , and representatives of serbian serbian ethnic albanian serbian ethnic groups , saying that the parties concerned in kosovo should hold a tolerant attitude and establish a democratic and multi - ethnic integration kosovo , and a government that respects the government 's administration and protects the rights and interests of ethnic minorities can be recognized by the international community .
he also stressed that the european commission will do its utmost to help kosovo develop .
barroso also expressed his admiration for kosovo 's current progress in implementing the eight standards for the un - proposed democracy .
he believes that the implementation of these standards is a major factor affecting kosovo 's integration with europe .
he also urged all serbian people in kosovo to join the organization of kosovo independence and make efforts to realize democracy and the integration of the multi - ethnic groups in kosovo .
barroso arrived in the capital of kosovo on the same day to carry out a one - day visit .
earlier , barroso visited croatia and serbia and montenegro and will visit macedonia and bosnia .
( the winter olympics , the stimulant news analysis : sending a group of children to the scene may not end up .
xinhua news agency , duin , february 17 , by reporter liuwa : the incident may end without a final conclusion
xinhua news agency reporter gao ying
although italy has repeatedly warned that turin 's winter olympics was torn out of the way to use stimulants , it is likely that the players will face the fate of being beaten , but at present , judging from all kinds of circumstances , such situations may not occur too soon in this winter olympics .
the turin winter olympics opened on 16 april , the first ever doping scandal since its opening , and the auzilia lev was found to have used banned drugs , not many .
the international olympic committee announced the following day that it has sent levds out of the winter olympic games , and she won the gold medal in the winter olympics .
the two international winter league ( ipu ) made a decision on the same day to impose a two - year penalties on the group .
the international olympic committee has always stipulated that athletes are found to be using the stimulant in the olympic games and will be discarded and deprived of the qualification of participating , but they are not subject to legal sanctions .
however , according to the italian law , the number of athletes carrying and using stimulants is a criminal act , and the judiciary has the right to directly arrest and investigate the use of stimulants , so as to be the case with the law - enforcement personnel in the face of the imprisoned sentence of three months to three years .
in december last year , the international olympic committee and the italian government , through a year of bargaining , finally reached an agreement , and both sides agreed to hold a meeting in accordance with the italian law during the winter olympic games .
with the unremitting efforts of the international olympic committee , italy has made a decision four days before the opening of the winter olympic games and promised that the police will not go to the olympic village to search the athlete 's place , but the medical examination still will still be subject to the supervision of the italian procuratorial organs .
it is reported that the italian government supervises the officials of the turin winter olympic games and has sent leyovic 's stimulant to the country 's capital , the dutch prosecutor .
however , the ioc and peter myself have not confirmed the matter .
russia 's second team medical team , anderto dmitov , revealed on the 17th that russia had sent leyvds to return to the country .
he once worked as a member of the china sports officials ' association , who has been working in the world anti - doping agency for many years , believes that , once a leaf is returned to china , it is likely that the matter will eventually be completely unchecked .
shi kangcheng said : the ioc and the italian government have been playing an increasingly important role in the fight against the rising pesticides in the winter games . even if italian procuratorial organs really get involved in this matter , it is also hard to say .
according to the previous italian use of stimulant to its national athletes ,
therefore , senior italian amateur news reporter leieli said that sending levds into the prison was very likely to be very rare , and that is , the most is the fine .
pierre also said that although the italian court could try the absent , the italian police could not go abroad to send legends to back to the country and take the sentence .
if leyvds refuse to accept the verdict , italy will not have the way to take her .
comprehensive news : the new epidemic site continues to develop the situation of the strict prevention of physiotheres in all countries in the world .
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the bird flu virus has been further spread on the african continent , according to a xinhua news agency report .
the world health organization confirmed on the 17th that three areas in egypt have found bird flu virus dead .
in europe , france also discovered for the first time that five kinds of bird flu virus were discovered , european countries were highly vigilant , and the epidemic was strengthened .
the world health organization ( who ) 's east mediterranean advisor , hassan bush told the press on the 17th that currently in cairo in central egypt and the three southern minacah areas have discovered the confirmed h5n1 virus .
experts pointed out that egypt is a major country in the middle east and north african migratory birds , and migratory birds are carrying the bird flu virus .
egypt has announced the ban on the import of live birds from foreign countries and strengthened quarantine work at border ports .
the kabul - based yaounde farm in the capital of cameroon has been growing in the past week .
cameroon has decided to suspend the import of the country 's poultry products and pork from the country where bird flu epidemic breaks out immediately and suspend all poultry products and meat from the two countries ' border markets .
the khartoum government has also built a national highway covering the entire territory within a short time , and the country 's basin center and the national veterinary medical laboratory have also been in emergency awaiting orders to facilitate the launching of relevant arc - type virus at any time .
in europe , denmark and sweden , the two countries initially ruled out the epidemic on the 17th .
the swedish veterinary research institute published a report on the dead swans found on wednesday , indicating that the swedish geese had not been infected with the virus .
the danish national veterinary authority also found that the danish territory had found 30 dead birds in danish recently .
but the agriculture department said denmark still could not take it lightly .
romania has experienced nine months of bird flu since the beginning of this year , and world health organization experts held a meeting in bucharest on the 17th . they said that almost all areas in the danube delta have had bird flu . romania may be able to reach a new level in three or five years .
in bangladesh , asia , the government has taken all necessary measures to prevent bird flu .
the government 's home and livestock services bureau has provided relevant officials with books on the prevention of avian influenza and has also organized poultry keeping personnel to train .
( newspaper clippings ) china 's first blood information management system to be established in zhejiang
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the first chinese medical team to share blood information management has been set up in zhejiang province , according to the zhejiang provincial blood center , according to the report .
a responsible person of the zhejiang provincial blood center said that this means that any citizen will be allowed to go to any county ( city ) in zhejiang province to take part in the donation of blood , and there will be a single single substitute record . when he is again dedicated to blood , he will be able to get the blood to the people 's court once again .
the responsible person further explained that if the import of the relevant code records , systematically showing the insolvent interval of the insolvent , it would be inappropriate to indicate that the insolvency conditions are not in keeping with the current donation .
this way of doing things will not only protect the health of donors but also effectively protect the health and safety of blood users .
in addition , when blood supply is strained , donors and their families have the right to use blood first , so long as you get into effective documents of donors , you can immediately show the message of donors , and it is quite convenient for them to come to the fore .
according to a report in hangzhou 's " early morning post , " at present , this information system has been put into operation in all 36 blood donors in the whole province . blood resources of various blood - drying agencies in the whole province can also be shown in real time , and data sharing across the province has been realized .
to prevent the recurrence of hillfires , 11 villages in the philippines have been evacuated urgently .
manila , february 18 ( xinhua ) the philippines has been working on the road of a new round of the world 's top three rivers , a local official said on tuesday .
south lesotho royce , an official of the southern province of south africa , said on the same day that the village was in a state of the same region with the village where a mountain slide occurred on the 17th .
the 11 villages that have been evacuated will be resettled in seven evacuation centers .
larias said : the government yesterday ordered the withdrawal of residents and sent people to check the situation of these villages today because some people do not want to leave their homes .
the july 17 landslide incident occurred in the southern hsan sodium town of south lesotho .
since the soil is very thick and very humidity , the soil that is buried behind can survive very much .
at present , 109 people have been killed and 57 others have been rescued .
according to estimates , the death toll may reach as high as 1,800 people .
xinhua : minnan overseas chinese community calls for more overseas chinese beijing , feb. 24
fuzhou , february 19 ( xinhua ) the number of people living in the city remained high in january , the report said .
according to statistics released by the customs , the country 's exports reached 330 - million us dollars in january , the best in history , an increase of 35.2 percent over the same period last year , which was higher than the average growth rate of the whole province .
according to the analysis by the quanzhou foreign economic bureau , the reason why quanzhou 's foreign trade growth in january was mainly attributable to the successive increase in the income of the enterprise 's enthusiasm and the rapid growth of quanzhou 's economy , which was mainly due to the effect of many measures for providing foreign trade support services in quanzhou .
