the woman who was found carrying the name of the princess 's crown was found to have been stolen from two mobile phones .
london , june 6 , 2007
the london daily news said that the two reports contained diana princess diana died in paris in 1997 and the number of deaths in the accident was reported to be increased from the former chief police officer 's office .
the report pointed out that the theft case triggered speculation that the computer might hide a computer that was built by former chief police officer of metropolitan university , sir stephen smith , was a secret survey .
however , a cosmopolitan police spokesman said that the computer did not have any sensitive information , or had contact with the investigation .
sir steve is the chairman of the national police ( nsb ) of norinberra , england , who is in the office of his office in the mountainous of tai enburg .
the report said that norini police 's secretary general had been working for the past 10 days to investigate two theft cases .
a case of a fire occurred on the weekend from january 28 to 29 , including computer and cash , was taken away , and the second case occurred last week when no losses were found .
the nobel police agency also said there was no evidence to show that the two theft cases and the sir michael jones were related to the work of the two stealing cases .
smith has been trying to find princess princess princess princess because of the accident .
the royal family 's corpse resuscitation ordered in 2004 to continue to investigate the relevant evidence .
princess diana was born on august 31 , 1997 in a paris tunnel accident .
after two years of investigation , the french police found that the driver was drunk and took medicine .
sri lankan warsaw and sri lankan parties agree to hold talks in geneva in late june
lun lumpur , july 7 , 2007
the peace process in norway said that the sri lankan war group agreed to hold a meeting in geneva , switzerland on the 22 nd of this month to dispel the efforts made by all parties to seek an end to the ethnic bloody conflict that has lasted for several decades , but has been in a deadlock for three years .
norwegian special envoy for peace sam held talks with tanelian liberation tiger organization in london and the negotiator of the tamil eelam organization , barzhan , won this breakthrough .
the norwegian embassy in beijing said in a statement that the conflict between sri lanka and sri lanka is the result of the talks between the sri lankan government and the tamil eelam liberation tiger , asking the norwegian government to help hold talks in geneva on february 22 .
the two - day talks will focus on how to strengthen the negotiations on the cease - fire agreement to be signed on 23 february 2002 , and this agreement has never been fully observed by both sides .
the norwegian embassy said that the two sides will discuss ways to improve the cease - fire agreement , which is also the first time in three years that the two sides have conducted face - to - face talks at such a high level .
selem said he will lead a norwegian team to participate in the negotiations , and the tamil tiger group will be led by barzer .
he said : this is the only way to peace .
the former government secretary said that the settlement of the conflict was a direct result of the negotiations in japan in march 2003 , but the tamil eelam liberation tiger group cancelled the original plan for the 2003 april 2003 .
the opening of the winter olympics in du lin 's winter olympics south korea team
u. j , april 10 , 2007
the 20th winter olympics opened in dulin today .
south korean women 's skating competitor li baolang and north korean man 's skating competitor han zhengjen respectively served as the two countries ' representative team .
this is the olympic games between south korea and north korea , and the first time they joined hands in the winter olympics .
to reflect the consensus reached by the two sides in recent years on the good practice of reconciliation , the sydney summer olympics and athens olympics in 2004 will be held in the summer olympics .
north korea did not participate in the salt lake city of the united states in the 19th winter games .
the korean peninsula was split into a country that used capitalism and south korea and communism in 1948 . the two sides once held a joint military exercise in the korean war period from 1950 to 1953 .
south korean leader chicago held a peace summit in 2000 , and bilateral relations have improved .
according to the tradition , the greek delegation is the first country to enter the competition , and has won the first place among 80 countries .
the landlord national union grand profit team was the last one to enter the exhibition . when the italian great rival team entered the game , the sports hall immediately sounded a warm cheering and a round of applause .
hoveman has been inders in drugs and has been able to wake up in a timely manner and to look to a new stage of performing arts .
new york , 16 th ( afp )
the most popular and most promising winner of the oscar film this year , the movie star , the baltic emperor , the white man , who was a colony of cold and bloody bars , revealed his own new image of being a rarely - buried man in drug and alcohol .
during an interview with cbs , howard said that the 60 minutes of the visit was a rare opportunity for the two countries to exchange views on the issue of drug and alcohol .
at that time , he was only 20 , and he had just graduated from the new york university drama department , and entered a colorful society , and his daily life roundings were all fast rotating , and finally he was able to turn himself into a head - on brain , and he lost control .
he was in the age of 22 when he entered the tube , and there was a call for draining drinking and drinking drugs , which was his life 's most dinosaur .
the upcoming third oath - taking award ceremony will be held next month .
before that , he had a superb performance skill long ago and had already won many awards .
the 38 - year - old actor said during the interview that if he did not painfully paint to change his bad character , he would not be able to win the battle against oscar .
he said he envy those who were 19 years old and suddenly became famous for the huge amount of gold .
four dead poultry traces in europe
brussels , 16 , 2007
the virus is traced in europe , causing panic .
eu executive committee approves new proposal to establish a buzer zone to extend the regional control of countries that have been found to be infected by virus to all poultry and birds .
the african countries have been trying to find a fatal virus of 521 .
egyptian officials are investigating a chicken farm in southern egypt where a chicken farm suddenly killed .
the european markets were affected by the virus , and the big decline was the result of the eu 's executive committee stressing that there was no reason to panic .
the executive committee is responsible for the health and food safety executive committee , mr jimmy paul , said that the public is concerned about this matter , but it does not need to react too much .
following the previous virus detection point in the three - kilometer area of the surrounding area and the 10 - kilometer warning zone , the eu executive committee has also laid down new regulations to place all the european areas where the discovery of the virus is found as a buffet area .
a former us official who declined to be named pointed out that everyone was nervously embarrassed , and they were all handling the case of a large number of illegal immigrants from various parts of europe from one day to night .
so far , there are austria 's elephant elegon , a german herzege , and roman zoellenia , a montreal of turkey , and russia 's territory in europe .
romania found the 31 st case on the 16 th , slovenia 's montreal and german luquitsu island also found new cases .
the southern part of italy was on two ducks and found bird flu viruses , the first case of wild geese in europe , and 540 wild birds were infected with chlorine - type virus .
eu officials are most worried about the possible flight from africa to africa .
the nigerian government is now stepping up its work to prevent the spread of the virus in the african continent .
the nigerian government announced that all poultry in the vicinity of the infected farm would be affected by the outbreak of bird flu , regardless of whether there is any virus or not .
the government of neighboring countries , niger , announced that the nation had entered a warning and allocated $ 4 million for emergency planning to monitor and monitor the borders with nigeria .
the newly established national emergency committee said that they had received a report that , with the songhua police force in the border of the two countries , nearly 400 poultry farms were found dead .
the new regulations on management of electronic banking business of china will take effect on 1 march .
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) chinese president jiang zemin met here today with visiting chinese vice - premier wu bangguo , who is here to attend the fourth annual meeting of the china banking regulatory commission ( cbrc ) , and the china banking regulatory commission ( cbrc ) .
a spokesperson for the china banking regulatory commission said that according to the regulations of the management procedures , the relevant procedures for examination and approval by foreign financial institutions have basically not changed , that is , foreign banks have to open online banking business . if new types of banking business are required , the branch should be managed by the principal reporting office of the branch within china .
to standardize the practice of commercial banks using the internet to develop banking business , the people 's bank of china formulated and promulgated the " provisional procedures for managing internet banking business . "
a spokesperson for the china banking regulatory commission said that with the continuous development of e - banking business in commercial banks , the provisional procedure cannot meet the requirements of risk supervision by electronic banking . therefore , the cbrc has formulated two new regulations .
according to a spokesperson for the china banking regulatory commission , the cbrc has made a comprehensive assessment of the credits of the safety evaluation institutions , and the administrative licensing of industry access or enterprise qualification is not an important measure for the evaluation of the safety of e - banking institutions . it is only a matter of time for the financial institutions to choose evaluation institutions .
as long as the safety assessment organization meets the relevant requirements and requirements , it will be impossible to make any decision on the assets of the banking regulatory commission without having passed the credentials of the banking regulatory commission , it should be managed according to relevant regulations .
the " procedures for managing electronic banking business " consists of nine chapters and nine chapters , which are applied for and changed the method of exchanging data and transferring management services outside the management of outer space packets .
the " guidelines on evaluating the safety of electronic banking units " are five chapters , which are divided into five chapters , namely , the general assessment organization safety evaluation organization , and the management and appendix of carrying out safety evaluation activities .
" mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , chen yun 's on investigation and study , " published the book ,
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the " mao zedong week and zhou enlai " editor of the central party literature research center of the cpc central committee ,
conduct in - depth investigation and study , persist in combining theory with practice , and draw up and implement the correct line , principles , and policies is the fundamental guiding principle for the cpc in leading the revolution to build a trap for reform .
mao zedong endured the brilliant song of the zhuang dynasty by deng xiaoping .
the practice and achievements of their investigation and study have played an important role in guiding the cause of the party and the people to develop along the correct road .
" mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , chen yun 's on investigation and study " was divided into three parts : the first part was mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation who had commented on investigation and study , and the second part was mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation who wrote an article on the investigation and study , and the third part was mao zedong 's " theory of the 1960 s " and the third part was the third
most of these surveys were published for the first time .
in addition , two articles containing the " report on the implementation of the ' may 1960 s ' and the ' 60 s ' of the central leaders .
russia reiterates one china policy
moscow , february 6 ( xinhua ) russian deputy foreign minister alekseyev said here today that russia is ready to work with china to promote the development of bilateral relations in the new century .
akeyev said that russia has noticed the remarks made by chen shui - bian on recent developments in the island of taiwan independence .
the russian government has always upheld the one - china principle and firmly supported china 's efforts to realize the great cause of national reunification .
last year , the chinese national people 's congress [ npc ] passed the " anti - secession law . " russia took the lead in openly expressing its support .
akeyev said that the russian foreign ministry will issue a statement as soon as possible to reiterate the one - china stance and oppose the republic of korea [ roc ] .
china , japan to hold third round of diplomatic talks in south africa
xinhua news agency , johannesburg , february 6 ( reporter chen ming ) - the overseas chinese of fuqing , fujian province , lin yixing , arrived in south africa on the morning of 5 february local time for robberies by local armed elements inside his bar . on the morning of 6 february , after treatment , burundi hospital in the capital of burundi hospital of south africa was rescued and died alive .
according to the report by feng yang , president of the chinese association of liberia province , the incident occurred in the huierkov city , which more than 130 kilometers northwest of burundi .
at that time , the shop owner lin yixing picked up the items inside the station and prepared to end the one - day business .
at this time , three customers in the shop , one of whom had taken away their hand and guns to drive into the bar , and robbed .
lin yixing , who was more than 40 years old , fought with the ruffians . the culprit fired a shot against lin yixing and fled .
the local people who rushed to the scene brought lin yixing to the hospital for medical treatment . since lin yixing 's body had been filled with a full thick black hole of blood - seepage blood , blood could not be stopped , and on the morning of 6 february , lin yixing died at about 3 : 30 a. m .
on 6 february , the chinese consulate general in jordan xu defu , who was just a member of the south african association for fujian 's fujian fellow lin changming , and others drove to burundi to help the deceased 's family handle the aftermath .
lin yixing became the first person to be captured by the culprit in 36 hours and was also the third to be arrested in south africa since this year .
( newspaper clippings ) shanghai : part - time personnel and college graduates become the main force in work in an hour
beijing , february 7 ( xinhua ) the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau released the latest annual work wage guide for work in 2006 on the 6th , with a total length of 120 jobs , up 11 from the previous year , and the original salary of the original job has increased .
according to the statistics of the shanghai labor and social security bureau , currently , the number of employees working in shanghai has exceeded 1 million .
according to a report by the china youth daily , college graduates and concurrently - level personnel are the main component part of the hour work force .
through the investigation of nearly 8,000 hours of work , the majority of people were concurrent staff .
the cultural level of the part - time workers is generally higher , and the main job is to engage in relatively strong technical work , such as translation and part - time personnel , which is as high as 81.79 percent , and the number of fitness personnel has reached 61.6 percent .
high - income is the result of many people engaging in work and work concurrently .
it is understood that the monthly income of individual positions can reach tens of thousands yuan , and it will be difficult to seek , just as the sound of translator , the monthly income of an hour - long job can reach over 2,000 yuan , such as the combined financial incense and other items .
to satisfy the needs of individual interests and expand their knowledge is also part - time job - seeking .
for example , when a certain enterprise is the manager of the human resources ministry , he will every week draw several hours to handle a foreign representative office .
mr koo considered that the greatest income from his part was to keep his knowledge updated and to have a chance to touch on other fields , of course , every month , $ 2,000 for income is also a certain amount of money .
as some hours of job placement threshold is low , the form of work is flexible and free , and it is gradually being welcomed by many graduates who are now seeking employment , and there are 14,000 employees in the workplace in the hours .
i was not thinking at the beginning of the time when i was working for an hour , but after a few months , i felt it was better than the dprk to go to work at 5 p.m . on the evening of 9 september .
after graduating from junior college student , the job he had found was not as popular as he did . in the end , he hung a name at a guesthouse , using piano piano to play a music background .
the monument is very satisfied with the work now . it is 100 yuan per hour , and the environment is good . what i am now doing is a few hours of work .
it is learned that the work of an hour has become a accumulation of work experience for some graduates who are now seeking job - seekers , and the work skills of enhancing communication skills have enhanced the important way of promoting social records .
graduates work in an hour , mainly in knowledge and technical skills , relatively strong technical skills , such as professional skills , and so on , and so forth , they are the most important ones in the age of performing arts .
job skills in the hours are not high , such as food promotion pop sales brochures , etc. , and the unemployed have undergone simple training , which can be appointed by simple training .
data show that among the employees in the hours , the proportion of those who were originally unemployed was 39,000 , of which the proportion of unemployed people in the retail industry was as high as 68.4 percent , and the proportion of the restaurants and related industries was 58.79 percent . the proportion of those who worked for the unemployed was 58.7 percent .
wu bangguo inspects anhui province
beijing , february 8 ( xinhua ) chinese vice premier zhou limin met here today with a delegation of the national people 's congress ( npc ) standing committee , led by its vice chairman wu bangguo , who is also a member of the standing committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference ( cppcc ) ,
from 6 to 8 february , wu bangguo successively went to maanangshan 's wuhu wuzhuohu and other places to go deep into the villages ' shaoxian scientific research institutes and colleges and universities to conduct inspections .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui is a province with the characteristics of a large number of provinces and municipalities directly linked to the west and the north . it is an important agricultural region in china . it has rich natural resources , a relatively good industrial foundation , a relatively strong scientific and technological force , and a rich cultural and tourism resources . it has great potential for development .
anhui should firmly seize the opportunity of promoting the rise of central china , always adhere to the central task of economic construction , closely integrate the actual situation of anhui with the central authorities ' principles and policies , and work in a creative manner , implement the scientific development concept in the light of anhui 's actual conditions , and implement it in the course of practical work .
we should promptly sum up our practical experience , fully rely on the masses , vigorously support reform and innovation , and constantly open up a new situation in anhui 's work .
we should actively promote the building of a harmonious society , persist in making the realization of good results in maintaining the fundamental interests of the overwhelming majority of the people the starting point and the end result of all our work , actively create conditions , and gradually solve the practical problems of the poor masses , gradually change the pattern of the dual urban - rural structure and gradually narrow the regional gap , and safeguard and realize fair and just social justice so that the entire people can share the achievements in reform and development .
wu bangguo stressed : china has reached the stage of development that we must rely more on our own efforts to innovate and improve the quality of workers to promote economic and social development . only by vigorously promoting scientific and technological progress and innovation can we bring about a leap in the quality of productive forces , and can we push economic and social development onto the track of scientific development .
we should establish and improve as soon as possible a system and mechanism that is conducive to innovation , increase input in science and technology , encourage the use of patents , and develop famous brands , speed up the conversion of scientific and technological achievements into real productive forces , strengthen the dominant position of enterprises in independent innovation , and constantly raise the contribution rate of science and technology progress to economic growth .
we should support and encourage the participation of technical elements in the distribution of resources , establish and perfect a statistical target system that reflects the ability to innovate independently , study and formulate a financial tax system and government procurement policy that supports independent innovation , and create a policy system that encourages independent innovation .
we should cultivate a sense of innovation in the whole society , vigorously advocate the spirit of being bold in innovation and being bold in competition , and strive to create a good atmosphere for all people to come forth in large numbers .
wu bangguo pointed out : in building socialism in accordance with the law , the people 's congress plays an increasingly important role in the process of building a country ruled by law .
to do a good job in the work of people 's congresses under the new situation , first , we should uphold the correct political orientation , unswervingly follow the road of socialist political development with chinese characteristics , and regard upholding the party 's leadership over the people and administering the country according to law .
second , we should closely center our work around the overall situation of the party and the state , closely center our work around the major issues in reform , development , and stability , and carry out our work closely around the hot and difficult issues that the masses are generally concerned about , so as to constantly enhance the effectiveness of the work of the people 's congresses .
third , it is necessary to give play to the characteristics and advantages of the work of the people 's congress , persist in democratic centralism , act according to procedures , and make collective decisions on issues .
we should persist in following the mass line , take the people as the foundation , exercise power for the people , be concerned for the people , and seek benefits for the people .
china proposes major scientific projects in the next 15 years
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to increase its international competitiveness in order to promote china 's international competitiveness , to make a big stride forward in the field of sustainable development , and to implement the " outline for the state 's medium and long - term scientific and technological development ( 2006 - 2020 ) " issued on the 9th by the state council .
these four major scientific projects are the key to research and measurement of protein .
the outline points out that the protein science is the most important science in life science that developed countries are now engaged in fierce contention .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on studying the transfer of the biosecurity system , the biomass group , the zoellick group , the bio - bio structure , the biomass biology function and its mutual effect on zoo - biomass .
the outline also holds that the study of measurement - based regulation and control has a clear perspective , and it is possible to make a comprehensive analysis of the difficulties and problems in the development of human society and economy by 2030 .
china should focus on studying the carrier and regulation and control principles and methods of measuring communications , calculate the measurement of the measurement of the measurement of the size of the limited size system , regulate and control the measurement of the measurement of the measurement of the measurement of the measurement of the measurement of the measurement of the measurement , and so on .
in addition , the outline points out that nanometer technology has become a strategic choice for many countries to enhance their core competitiveness , and is also a field that china can achieve development by leaps and bounds .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on research in this field , including the research of nanometer material , to be able to produce and produce its own guns and equipment , and to test the effect of the monster neo biology and nanometer of nanometer , as well as the application and use of nanometer materials and nanometer technology in the energy environment .
china 's population growth is large , and there is a lot of deficiencies in birth , serious shortage of transplant organs , and the aging peak is approaching . therefore , it is urgent to make breakthroughs in the theory of reproductive and development and make technological innovations .
according to the outline , the china will focus on research on the increase of cells for revitalization and regulation , and the occurrence of mature cells and mature cells in bio - aquatic products , and the depression and retreat of patients .
shanghai 's real estate price increase dropped by nearly 7 percentage points last year
shanghai , february 9 ( xinhua ) the shanghai municipal government announced today that the housing sector will be able to adjust its macro - control policies for real estate industry in 2005 .
according to the latest data , last year , shanghai 's real estate industry index had a fairly obvious decline or growth slowed down .
of this , the price of residential housing dropped 6.6 percentage points from the previous year , while the added value of real estate industry dropped 4.1 percent from the previous year .
pan jianxin , director of the shanghai bureau of statistics , said at a news briefing a few days ago that in 2005 , the average selling price of shanghai 's residential housing was 6698 yuan / square meter , up 313 yuan over 2004 .
the price of residential housing for the whole year rose by 9.2 percent over the previous year , with an increase of 6.6 percentage points lower than that of the same period last year .
the added value of the real estate industry for the whole year was 670.23 billion yuan , down by 41.1 percent from the previous year .
in the balance of loans by financial institutions , the balance of personal housing loans was 264.944 - billion yuan , and the newly added amount was only 0.940 - billion yuan , but the new loan amount in 2004 reached 728.09 - billion yuan .
pan jianxin said that from the annual sales of real estate in shanghai , the sales price of commercial housing is stable and steady .
the statistical communique also shows that according to the latest data , in 2005 , the price of real estate in shanghai dropped somewhat , and the average price of residential housing was 6698 yuan / square meter , up 26.4 percent from 2004 .
the annual price of housing sales in 2005 was 9.79 percent higher than that of the previous year , with the rate of increase falling 6.2 percentage points from the previous year .
he said : last year , shanghai municipality completed a total of 124.68 - billion yuan in real estate development , up 6.1 percent from the previous year .
the total area of 3.15887 square meters was down by 9.55 percent .
the annual sales volume of commercial housing was 21.613 - billion yuan , down by 4.551 percent from the previous year .
two light aircraft crashed in new zealand
wellington , february 9 ( xinhua ) two new zealand light aircraft crashed into the northern part of wellington , the capital of wellington on the 9th and crashed into the sea , killing two pilots at the flight school on board .
according to the responsible persons of the local civil aviation department , the two planes were all the drivers of the two planes .
at the time of the incident , two planes were in non - air control areas . according to regulations , the pilot flew in such a region to deal with the aircraft 's navigation and security .
a woman who was seen on the scene at the scene told the new zealand media that he heard the news of the huge explosions when the plane collided and saw the aircraft crashed into the ground .
another eyewitness confirmed that the plane had been shot to death before the crash .
the cause of the collision is still not clear , and the local civil aviation department will conduct an investigation on this .
china to host world cup in argentina
xinhua news agency , buenos aires , february 8 ( reporter cao yu ) - the chinese women 's federation , founded by overseas chinese and chinese nationals residing in argentina , issued a solemn statement on the 8th , strongly condemning chen shui - bian 's recent pro - taiwan independence remarks and opposing any attempt to split taiwan from china .
the statement said that chen shui - bian issued a statement on 29 january stating that he would abolish the monarchy and the national unification program .
compatriots on both sides of the strait have a high desire for peace , and the taiwan compatriots ' desire for peace and stability and development will face severe challenges .
the statement pointed out that resolutely opposing and containing the sinister and throat separatist activities , safeguarding peace and stability in the taiwan strait remains the common aspiration of compatriots on both sides of the strait and the chinese people in the world at present .
the statement stressed that the argentine china council for promoting peaceful reunification is willing to hold dialogue with all the overseas chinese and ethnic chinese from both sides of the strait who uphold the one - china principle , resolutely oppose any form of taiwan independence and actively promote china 's peaceful reunification .
prc expert : us ' preaching ' military threat ' in china
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) chinese foreign ministry spokesman liu jianchao said here today that the us pentagon has made a formal report to congress on the " four - year defense assessment report " for the first time that china is the most likely country to pose a military challenge to the united states .
experts believe that this is a new test for china 's normal national defense construction , and the exaggeration of the chinese military threat is a challenge to china 's internal affairs .
the " four - year defense assessment report " is the new guiding document of the pentagon .
the 92 - page report used three paragraphs on china 's military strength and the us response .
zhang junjiu , research fellow of the world military research department of the chinese academy of military sciences , said : although senior us officials have expressed similar viewpoints many times before , this is the first time that the united states has proposed in the national defense strategy report , that china is most likely to pose a military challenge to the united states .
the report , for the first time , clearly and specifically regards russia 's sinister strategic opponent , especially its so - called " unrestricted military threat " against china .
peng guangqian , research fellow of the chinese academy of military sciences , said :
it is worth noting that in the " four - year defense assessment report , " the same day formally submitted , us president bush also submitted a bill to congress on the fiscal year 2007 . the budget for national defense has reached $ 439.3 - billion .
if the monster plus the us military deployment in iraq and afghanistan ,
peng guangqian maintained that the united states has been making use of the tricks of the theory of the threat of other countries to reflect the consistent style of the enemy 's making the enemy 's remains . its true purpose is to strive for more national defense funds and to make more profits for the huge us arms industrial group .
experts said that compared with the huge military spending of the united states , china 's national defense expenditures are quite limited .
he has been a member of the military expert deng hongzhou , who has participated in several chinese national defense white papers , said : since the 1990 s , with economic development , china 's national defense spending has increased somewhat , but the proportion of national financial expenditures in the same period has generally shown a decline .
official data show that in 2004 , compared with 1979 , china 's national defense spending accounts for over 20 percent of the state 's expenditures for the same period .
in 2005 , china 's national defense expenditure was 2446.56 - billion yuan , only about 40 percent of the united states , and its per capita military expenditure is only about the us $ 1 - 60 , and the per capita military spending is about $ 2.1 - billion .
the area of the united states ' territory is basically quite different from that of china 's territory , but the difference in military spending is so big . in the final analysis , who 's military strength exceeds the normal defense needs . this is something that is self - evident .
peng guangqian said :
the research department of the china arms control and disarmament association , teng jianqun , said that the us side should objectively evaluate china 's military construction , and that china 's peaceful development does not mean that china and the united states will become military opponents in the future .
the " 2004 china 's national defense " white paper said : china firmly takes the road of peaceful development and practices a defensive national defense policy .
china did not have any future of shock in the past , nor will it pose a threat to any country .
so far , china has not established military bases in any other country , nor has it sent military bases to other countries .
professor zhu feng of the international relations college of beijing university said : china and the united states should , through the established channels , increase communication and exchanges , enhance understanding and trust , and comprehensively advance the sino - us constructive and cooperative relations in the new century , and jointly promote the maintenance of world peace and development .
( winter games ) the duining winter games will be held in excitement
xinhua news agency , dubin , february 9 ( reporter ding ying yan tao ) the opening ceremony of the 20th winter olympics will be held at 8 : 00 p.m . local time on the 10th at the duining olympic games hall .
on 9 may , the organizing committee of the du'an winter games disclosed to reporters the exciting arrangements for the opening ceremony .
the chairman of the organizing committee , carstini , expressed his confidence in the opening ceremony . he said at the press conference that the opening ceremony cost a total of 10 million euros , which collects top - notch personnel from all sides of italy .
he said : the night of 10 april will be unforgettable , and the 35,000 viewers and people around the world will be watching the show with a television audience of about 2 - billion people who have successfully won the opening ceremony .
the excitement of the flames of the flames and the five - rang peace - loving pigeons and the eyas - beam and milk - bogus will appear at the opening ceremony . the director said that the panic is full of vitality and italian style of talents will become the main theme of the opening ceremony and the theme of the opening ceremony .
the famous italian designer , amini , specially designed a costume for the opening ceremony , famous italian fashion brand mogoino , will provide a platform for the sportsmen to attend the ceremony .
however , the famous italian louis pavarotti will be present at the opening ceremony for singing a song , and the organizing committee will keep this suspense in the end .
eight people who could spray their flame - making gloves will use three - meter long flames to show that the burning spirit is a great cause of the burning .
officials of the organizing committee held that this was the most satisfactory result of their creative works in the opening ceremony .
on the question of how to ignite the main torch , the organizing committee did not reveal ahead of time , but the 57 - meter main torch station will take off the roof of of the capital of alps nearby .
white house announces bush 's plan to visit pakistan and india in march
washington , february 9 ( xinhua ) the united states and the united states have agreed to hold a meeting on the issue of the arms sales in the united states , despite the blasphemy of the preemptive muslim muslim cartoon , a white house spokesman said at a press conference here today
mcleren said that bush looked forward to his visit to pakistan and india .
he also said that he is now making arrangements for this visit .
mcleren made the above remarks when he held various demonstrations in some parts of pakistan to protest against the desecration of islam against mohammed mohammed .
in january this year , bush met with pakistani prime minister aziz in the white house , and both sides expressed the need to strengthen friendly cooperation to jointly crack down on terrorism that jeopardize the security of the two countries .
bush also said that at the invitation of the pakistani and indian governments , he will pay a state visit to pakistan and india in march .
hamas to form cabinet to seek breakthroughs in iraq
xinhua news agency , ramallah , february 9 ( international observation ) hamas formed a cabinet to seek a breakthrough
xinhua news agency reporter wang hao
the islamic resistance movement of palestine ( hamas ) won the election of the legislature , how to draw up a blueprint for the new government has become a focus of current international attention .
what new policies will hamas pursue directly affect the relevant parties in the peace process to correspond their policy direction next .
at the same time , the boycott attitude of the united states and israel has added to the hamas government 's future .
at present , all sides of the palestinian side are stepping up consultations to reach a consensus on the difficulties and sensitive points related to future developments in the cabinet .
premier 's position has fallen into a dilemma
hamas has been in power to form a cabinet , and some people in the world are worried that the hamas prime minister 's pro - hamas meeting may have differences with the current top leader abbas .
moreover , visiting hamas president mahmud al-mashel stressed that the hamas - led new government would not recognize the israeli , which is a hard - line signal also aggravated the international pressure on the palestinian authority .
the united states and israel clearly expressed their refusal to accept a hamas government that has the real power and threatened to break off economic aid to palestine and to hand over tax to the palestinian side .
however , this does not hamper hamas from making flexible strategic adjustments , and choosing an independent person is a compromise .
it was reported that in order to obtain international recognition to the maximum , the hamas , both at home and abroad , recently decided to select an independent candidate for the board of directors of the islamic university of zahar , jahar hussein , to become the new prime minister .
this move has not been responded by the relevant parties .
palestinian analysts , hussein , said that no matter how prime minister 's office flower , the most crucial thing is that the prime minister should try his best to lessen hamas 's hardline color . only by so doing will it be possible to ensure the success of the assembly of the cabinet .
power : how should the power be allocated ?
in the internal context , the most important challenge facing hamas 's assembly is the lack of sufficient experience in governance .
the palestine " yizhi " carried an analysis saying that hamas , through social welfare projects , has concentrated people to the surprise of the people , but it lacks experience in the administration and has a close relationship with the palestinian national liberation movement ( fatah ) , which has experience in governance .
hamas proposed a package of agreements with fatah after the election to establish a political partnership with the fatah , but fatah has not yet given any positive support to this .
the fatah side is now discussing whether to join the cabinet , and the one - faction proposal to participate in the new government , thus making some progress , while the other faction refuses hamas 's invitation , and is willing to make positive moves in the legislature .
sources in the well - informed personage pointed out that under abbas 's advice , fatah gradually leaned toward joining the new government .
even so , the relationship between hamas and fatah will also be discussed with the government on the allocation of cabinet positions .
in addition , the other way is to establish a framework for the legislature to separate the cabinet from the party .
it was reported that hamas also designed a clean expert type government , but it has not yet been decided on the specific list .
in view of the fact that the us and israel are in a dilemma , the technological expert - type government has not lost its form of organizing a cabinet to reduce external pressure .
according to the provisions of the basic law of palestine , the new legislative council will be nominated by the prime minister and the cabinet after the new term of the legislative council on 16 may .
armed forces should be the focus of the armed forces ' efforts to fight against terrorism .
hamas 's weapons in hand are the other side of the difficult problem facing the establishment of the new government .
the united states and israel have been very hard - line and firmly demand that hamas give up violence and reject its use of arms to participate in politics .
hamas leader mahmuar stressed on 9 may that armed resistance is the organizational hypothesis of the organization 's strategy .
the armed issue actually includes the legality of weapons and the management of armed forces at two levels .
hamas , through democratic and free means , has been elected the first major party of the legislative council , with international recognition , enabling its subordinate armed factions to hold the same legendary legendary gyangze is to unify it to the government 's security organs .
hamas once proposed to extend the armed unity of all factions to the palestinian national authority . however , it did not receive a wide response , and it was also opposed by the palestinian islamic jihad ( hamas ) .
palestine now has over 60,000 security personnel , and the majority of them are from the fatah camp .
moreover , fatah has some organizational relations that are loose and dispersed , such as the akasa martyr 's brigades , the zohar hawk , etc.
hamas , which is responsible for the assembly of the cabinet , must hold discussions with abbas on how to manage the armed forces that they operate independently and rationally distribute the right to security management .
according to local media reports , abbas intends to take charge of security and intelligence units , police and civil defense organizations , and other organizations , which are managed by the interior ministry of the new government .
however , all parties are still holding consultations on this sensitive issue , and so far there is no such thing .
china issues first - time inspection report
beijing , february 10 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to provide a national marine bureau with a total of 160 million yuan ( about 9,000 us dollars ) for the year 2005 , according to a report by the state oceanic administration ( nsb ) here today .
the " report " has comprehensively reflected the chinese ultra - high level scientific inspection activities during the 2005 annual inspection of ultra - lehem scientific research and the results of its research .
according to the " report , " on 9 january 2005 , at 2:15 ( beijing time ) , the antarctic research center of china 's antarctic successfully conducted an inspection of the inland ice system on the antarctic 's highest hillside level of ice and sea level , and successfully conducted an inspection at 3:15 on 18 january ( beijing time ) . it decided that the chicago paradise was 49093 meters .
in the increasingly fierce international competition , the company has been playing an important role in the great will of the chinese people and the spirit of fearless spirit , daring to open up new areas , and first launched a new round of high - tech warfare against the extremely southern tip and achieved success , thereby realizing the objective of mankind 's great leap in the antarctic .
sun zhihui , director of the state oceanic administration , said :
the " report " shows that on 24 march 2005 , china 's 21st antarctic expedition team successfully completed its mission to shanghai , and this inspection tour lasted 151 days , with a flight range of 26,500 nautical miles .
on 18 november of the same year , the 22 nd antarctic expedition team of china left shanghai for the antarctic zhongshan station to conduct scientific examination and will go to shanghai before the end of february 2006 .
since china 's first ultra - low - cost survey report , the " 2005 china ultra - high inspection report " has also made a detailed analysis of the chinese ultra - low - cost research project in china , which started in the early 1980 s .
according to the " report , " in 1983 , china formally joined the " antarctic treaty " and became a member of the antarctic treaty organization . it has also become a very important organization for the consultations of the antarctic treaty on national sovereignty and extreme science research committee of the southern pole science research committee in 1993 .
in 1997 , china became a member of the arctic science committee , and won the highest honor in international affairs .
the " report " points out that over the past 20 years , china 's ultra - leaf inspection has never been done , has continued to develop , and has initially formed a three - pronged longe - proverb , the southern monster scientific inspection system , namely , the " kangka " [ name as transliterated ] station established in february 1985 , the antarctic mountains station established in february 1989 , and the north pole station established in july 2004 , and the
according to the " report , " by the end of 2005 , china has organized 22 antarctic scientific research projects with a total area of 2.22 hectares , including the zunlong gyrte , which carried the ping platform , to conduct a second inspection of the arctic yellow river station . so far , more than 3,000 people have been investigated and inspected in the southern pole region .
now we are working hard to build the third antarctic observation station , and is also china 's first southern pole inspection station .
sun zhihui said :
after more than 20 years of efforts , china 's ultra - high - tech research project has been able to take a place in the world 's highest - ranking inspection , but compared with other major ultra - polar inspection countries , we must study hard , seize the opportunity , and strive to achieve success .
he said .
sun zhihui disclosed that china will publish an extremely detailed investigation report every year .
china to enhance cooperation with castro : castro
havana , february 10 ( xinhua ) the cuban state council chairman and president castro met with visiting chinese vice president jiang zemin , who is on a visit to cuba , on 10 february . both sides expressed the need to continuously strengthen cooperation in education , science and technology , and other fields .
castro warmly welcomed chen zhili to visit cuba .
he said : cuban - chinese relations are very friendly , and high - level exchanges of visits have been frequent , which have effectively promoted and strengthened bilateral friendship and mutual understanding . i hope that the two countries will constantly deepen the mutually beneficial cooperation in various fields , including education and science and technology .
chen zhili said : cuba is an important country in latin america and the caribbean region .
the friendship between the chinese and cuban peoples goes back to ancient times .
cuba is the first country to establish diplomatic relations with new china .
after entering the new century , with the care and promotion of the leaders of the two countries , the mutual political trust between the two countries has been increasingly deepened , the scope of cooperation has been expanded , and mutual support and coordination in international affairs , and sino - cuban friendship has entered a new period of all - round development .
she believed that with the joint efforts of both sides , sino - cuban friendship and cooperation will certainly yield even more fruitful results .
chen zhili also pointed out that the chinese government has always attached importance to exchanges and cooperation with cuba in the educational field .
in recent years , the exchanges of education between the two countries have become closer and closer , and frequent exchanges of personnel have been maintained .
china actively supports the international conference held by the cuban side and sent a delegation to attend previous world higher education conferences and the 2005 anti - illiteracy conference .
cuba 's basic education level is very high , and i hope to further strengthen relevant experience exchanges in the future .
chen zhili said : china and cuba have cooperated in science and technology research and development . they can promote cooperation in various fields to achieve mutual benefits and win .
the chinese side has helped some cuban scientific research facilities to help them to make contributions to cuba 's scientific research and production .
she also briefed castro on china 's strategy of rejuvenating the country through science and education and the national science and technology conference .
chen zhili arrived in cuba on 19 february for a visit at the invitation of the cuban government . he began his visit to cuba .
during this period , chen zhili met with cuban senior education minister wieseno and inspected the cuban university of khavana .
the accident occurred on the beijing - ha highway , which was closed
xinhua news agency , harbin , february 11 ( reporter liang shubin ) at around 2300 on february 10 , a fire broke out at 58 km of beijing - kazakhstan highway , killing at least one person and injuring another on some roads .
according to the traffic police of the shuangcheng public security bureau , at about 2300 on 10 april , a three - vehicle collision occurred on the 58 km of beijing - ha highway , and a passenger truck collided with a tanker and a oil tanker . the vehicle body of the oil tanker crashed into a cracks of leakage . the displacement of the oil tank was carried out on the road .
it was learned that the oil tanker vehicle carrying a large quantity of waste oil carrying oil from the coke .
the japanese army , which was a country with a strong fighting capacity , was afraid that the flames had been caused by the flames of the past , and the departments concerned had already closed the road of the accident .
harbin 's to shuangcheng section of highways was closed , and many vehicles bypassed .
at present , relevant departments are sorting out the scene and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
hk , july 22 ( xinhua ) the hong kong , macao and taiwan affairs office of the state council announced here today that the three - week period of the huangpu military academy has been postponed .
hong kong , february 11 ( xinhua ) the hong kong - based huangpu whampoa company limited announced on the 11th that it had postponed the implementation of the third - largest satellite telecommunications company ( sampan ) project under the name of zinyi .
and huo jianning , general manager of the huanghe group , said that although all relevant regulatory agencies have been listed on the market , the stock market has to be approved by the relevant supervisory bodies , but it is too late to complete the prospectuses within the next few weeks .
at the same time , the current weakness of the european telecommunications market may not be able to provide food for italy at this moment .
in view of the need to obtain the greatest interests of stockholders , the decision to postpone the listing of stocks .
as for the timing of the reentry of shares , mr fok said that the future european telecommunications market would depend on the future business situation .
he held that from now to now , the stock market will be gradually reduced by 3 percent in zoe .
according to media reports , the three - year - long monster - synchronized chelvane investment bank , which has agreed to use 420 - million euros to sell 10,000 cholera chlorine shares in the form of private distribution , is expected to be completed by the end of march this year .
china , myanmar trade ministers hold talks on bilateral trade
yangon , february 12 ( xinhua ) the yangon islands and yunnan province have been enjoying a high level of economic and business opportunities in myanmar , chinese ambassador to myanmar , and tang shuhai , minister of economic and business affairs , said here today
ambassador tuomu said : in recent years , the two countries have established a new type of good - neighborly and friendly relations based on the five principles of peaceful coexistence , and exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been expanding and deepening with each passing day . economic and trade relations between the two countries have been constantly expanding and strengthening .
tang shubei said : the high - level exchanges between the two countries have maintained a strong momentum of the development of bilateral economic and trade cooperation .
in 2004 , the two countries exchanged views on the establishment of 33 cooperation agreements in economic and trade cooperation , among which most are being implemented and implemented .
he said : in 2004 , $ 11.14 - billion , $ 12.05 - billion , or $ 1.29 - billion , of which $ 9.35 - billion were exported to china , and $ 270 - million were imported .
last year , in bilateral trade , china 's yunnan and myanmar 's trade ( including border trade ) reached 6.30 billion us dollars , up 24.6 percent from the previous year .
tang said that myanmar has become a major partner of china 's enterprises in carrying out the project business , and china 's main contractor project in burma includes the construction of a bridge for the zhuhai lake and a factory for the production of sugar - powered chlorine mill , the hamburma mer , etc.
chinese enterprises conduct engineering business in myanmar , which has brought along the development of china 's export of various kinds of electrical and mechanical products , and has become china 's export of complete sets of equipment and electrical products .
according to statistics from the chinese customs , in the last five or six years , the export volume of electrical and mechanical products has accounted for about 45.5 percent of china 's total export to burma .
tang said that myanmar 's rich resources , and its chinese companies have already started investing in burma 's oil - rich nickel ore and other resource development projects , and the economic and trade cooperation between china and burma has great potential .
he hoped that chinese enterprises would have a long - term vision , learn to avoid risks , and make careful decisions , and establish a good image of enterprises and ensure that projects are carried out on time .
ambassador to the management of mu and tang haizao both held that premier wen jiabao 's upcoming official visit to china is the first step in bilateral relations this year , and is of great significance to enhancing political mutual trust , promoting bilateral cooperation , and promoting the further development of sino - burmese good - neighborly and friendly relations .
it is expected that the two sides will sign several agreements on economic and trade cooperation during the visit .
world bank to reduce debt burden
moscow , february 11 ( xinhua ) world bank president wolfowitz said in moscow on the 11th that the world bank would completely dismiss the poor countries ' debt before the middle of this year .
wolfowitz held talks with chinese leaders who came to attend the g - 8 finance ministers ' meeting in moscow on the same day .
in a statement issued after the meeting , he said that the world bank would implement the debt reduction and exemption plan before 1 july this year , and the world bank is now working on all technical issues .
last year , the world bank donated a total of 28 countries to the debt owed by the bank , and said it would provide assistance to the relevant trust funds .
the imf 's creditor 's rights are relatively small , and the imf has been in the process of reducing or waiving its debts by the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz has made a commitment to russia to exempt debts from 16 african countries .
the high - tech digital television has gradually become the mainstream in the united states .
new york , february 12 ( xinhua ) the united states and the united states have been making efforts to improve their economic and social development , with the high - resolution digital camera ( feibao ) and the increasing market price , the us television and media have also stepped up the introduction of relevant high - tech television programs .
the us super - bowl - type olive soccer tournament has become a hot topic for american broadcasting industry to welcome the heat of the era of the qing dynasty .
according to a recent report by the financial times , the us congress recently passed a bill requiring the us broadcasting industry to submit a bill to the us congress on 17 february 2009 to completely stop the existing simulated television signals , and only to broadcast digital signals .
this means that the comprehensive digitized broadcast of us tv programs has already been a clear timetable .
the high resolution digital television is , on the one hand , to purchase television sets by consumers , on the other hand , it depends on the production organization to provide high - resolution digital programs .
although digital television has been repeatedly mentioned in the past few years , it has never become a reality .
this problem has taken a turn for the better this year .
according to the us consumer electronics association 's forecast , the number of digital television sets will be sold for the first time in the united states this year , while the number of digital television sets will exceed that of traditional tv sets , with 85.6 percent of the digital television sets .
japanese researchers have developed a new - type highly efficient kidney system
tokyo , february 13 ( xinhua ) japan 's east china sea university research institute has developed a biological weapon with a human kidney , which not only has the ability to compare with the human kidney , but also has the ability to retain the needle - based kidney .
according to a report by nihon keizai shimbun the other day , the newly developed biomass cream is composed of two parts , and the part is transmitted from blood to the submerged tube and the water subpotent . the other part is from former lieutenant general li xianyi 's diagram and ammonia , which used reproduction to produce the blood cells .
the people who created kidney and the human remains were full of thickness .
this kind of stem cells can cause multiple blood transfusion and feeble .
the previous human kidney production relies on the difference between seepage and the filter , and cannot be completely disposed of . moreover , it is not in place to make the use of the medicine and other elements to return to the function of blood .
researchers used the mountain sheep to conduct biomass experiments , human kidney transplant , and human kidney transplantation of pig walls to use pig - based stem cells .
two weeks later , researchers confirmed that the kidney for man - made kidney could be used .
at present , they are developing and using biodiesel for human kidney stem cells , and will verify the safety of the kidney .
china 's electric power production safety still faces severe challenges
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the state power supervision and management commission ( nsijing ) said on the 13th that although the power production safety situation in 2005 remained stable , the power production safety still faces severe challenges .
vice chairman of the state power regulatory commission shi yubo said at a national work meeting of the power safety production committee ( expansion ) held here that the number of power production safety accidents in china in 2005 was stable and satisfactory in order to complete the task of meeting the summer peak , thus achieving the goal of ensuring electricity supply , and actively respond to the attack of natural disasters , basically ensuring the safe and stable operation of power production equipment and ordinary power grids , reducing the number of equipment from a
however , he pointed out that as the power supply and demand situation changes and the large number of newly built power generating units have successively been put into operation , the power production safety will face new challenges .
these challenges include : regional cholera sport scarce , there will be a number of problems in power supply and demand in some areas , and the price of electricity is not yet formed , which has led to a benign power supply .
shi yubo said : with the deepening of the reform of the power system , many deep - seated contradictions will continue to be exposed , how to maintain the stability of the working class and ensure normal production order will become new problems .
in view of the problem of power production safety in 2006 , shi yubo said : we should further consolidate the foundation for the management of power production safety , speed up the establishment and improvement of the emergency management mechanism for electric power safety , improve the ability to respond to emergencies , strengthen coordination and cooperation in power grids , and continue to do a good job in supervising and managing the safety of the dam and building of information technology for power plants , so as to ensure the safety of power
it is learned that in light of the new situation in power safety management , the power supervision and control commission will make a comprehensive assessment of the " provisional regulations on investigating the power production accidents " already promulgated this year . at the same time , the relevant regulations on the safety of the dam and the second - stage power system will be promulgated successively .
in 2005 , china 's total electricity consumption reached 246,899 - billion kilowatt , increasing 13.455 percent over the same period last year .
in the face of the situation of power supply and demand being rather tight , the contradiction of coal , electricity , oil , and transportation is conspicuous , all power enterprises have taken effective measures to strengthen equipment management , and last year , the whole country had not had an extraordinarily serious equipment accident .
the number of accidents involving power grids decreased by 127 , with 427 accidents involving equipment , down 132 from the same period last year .
the south african government in china said that south africa does not have any organization to offer assistance to chinese citizens in their criminal acts .
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) chinese vice premier wu yi met here today with a delegation of the south african embassy in china , led by its deputy prime minister hun sen , who is here to attend the opening ceremony of the china - south africa cooperation forum , which is scheduled to be held in beijing on february 13 .
he also said that the south african government would spare no effort in cracking down on all forms of criminal activities .
he said that the south african government hopes to raise the crime rate to zero as the result of its crime , and hopes that every member of the south african nation who works in south africa will have their own life and property and will have their citizens fully protected by local laws and citizens .
since 2006 , four large numbers of chinese citizens have been arrested in south africa . chinese people have been deeply concerned about this .
the chinese foreign ministry has made representations to the south african side in this regard and reminded chinese citizens traveling to south africa to further enhance their awareness of security and guard against the threat of violence , and to strengthen unity and friendship between the compatriots of overseas chinese and to cooperate with the police in cracking down on criminal activities .
we express our greatest sympathy and solicitude to the victims ' families .
he said : the monumental effect of the monumental effect is that the chinese people believe that the south african government is conscientiously investigating every case of china .
according to the chinese embassy in south africa , the south african police have successfully cracked a case of the case of chen jianqing , a chinese woman from fujian , on february 5 in south africa , and a suspect has been arrested .
the police are now hunting down another suspect .
according to the south african embassy in china , the suspect was arrested in january this year for shooting a hong kong businessman . the victim 's property was recovered .
on the incident of chinese citizens ' casualties , he said , the chinese government believes that these incidents have caused great sufferings to the two countries .
the south african tourism commissioner , bakichi ngawang , said the embassy had provided a total of 2,000 chinese tourists to the first 15 days of this year .
according to chinese official statistics , south africa has invested $ 1 billion in china 's largest trade partner in africa in 2005 .
bilateral trade volume reached 727 million us dollars , up 23.0 percent from the same period last year .
however , the tourism sector believes that there are many incidents of chinese citizens killed in successive incidents in 2004 , which have a great impact on the number of chinese tourists travelling to south africa .
according to statistics from the south african tourism bureau , china 's tourists to south africa in the first half of 2005 were 20331 , a decrease of 14.93 percent compared with the same period last year .
the chinese living in south africa now have 200,000 or so , covering about 200,000 people in the town and township of south africa .
analysts here believe that the widening gap between the rich and the poor in south africa , the high unemployment rate , and the widespread use of firearms are not threatening death penalty , and therefore the crime rate is high .
because many chinese do not understand english , they have cash in their own hands and at their homes , and they are more apt to become targets of criminal activities to attack money .
hk to promote employment in english learning and training hong kong , july 22
hong kong , february 13 ( xinhua ) the hong kong special administrative region government launched a new job english campaign on february 13th to enable more serving people to raise their english proficiency .
this " national spirit " of using good english and good mandarin as the theme , including the use of a series of publicity activities to promote learning and training in english , and to further enhance employers ' understanding of how to help their employees upgrade their english proficiency .
up to now , the scheme has provided nearly 25,000 people with the necessary english training courses to help them achieve the required standard of hong kong workplace english .
hong kong 's workplace english campaign is one of the major initiatives launched by the sar government in 2000 .
the english campaign is a major project for the provision of workplace english training .
the scheme aims to help employers use english in their work and to help them to take up employment through participating in training and participating in the designated international english language examinations .
the hebei aids inspection and testing center has implemented free and voluntary health care
shijiazhuang , february 14 ( xinhua ) the hebei provincial health department and the provincial health department recently issued a " circular on the voluntary consultation and testing of aids in hebei province " ( trial ) , which clearly stipulates the procedures for the implementation of free vouchers for hiv tests , and hopes that the aids inspection will be able to detect hiv carriers and patients to the maximum the measures for preventing aids and ensure the smooth implementation of the four policies for preventing aids and ensuring the safety
the " plan " has clearly defined the principle of voluntary consultation and testing for aids in hebei province : the system of testing and consultation on aids antibody and the system of medical consultation , testing , and consultation on aids antibody ; the system of testing and consultation on aids antibody and information security ; the system of assessing the relevant actions of the consular ;
the " plan " demands that the aids consultation and testing center should be located at a convenient place for consultation , and provide assistance for the protection consular 's privacy .
the choice of the advisers should take into full consideration the personal quality of the people 's hearts and the visions of knowledge and the ability to exchange .
to protect the privacy of consulting consulates , the inspection leaflet can be used on a code or a number .
the " plan " also requires that health administration departments at and above the county level publish the results of their work on voluntary free medical tests in their own major local media .
the ministry of public security is still focused on extorting confessions by torture .
beijing , february 14 ( xinhua ) the ministry of public security 's deputy chief of police inspectors bureau , zheng baigang , said at a press conference held by the ministry of public security on 14 february that the so - called " unsuitable method " used by criminal suspects has brought the situation of their criminal suspects to china unacceptable .
the focus of supervision and inspection work is to prevent the occurrence of such problems .
he also pointed out that some international organizations have a very important understanding of the law enforcement situation of chinese police .
the latest information provided by the ministry of public security on 14 february shows that the ministry of public security has issued " a circular on the implementation of measures for putting on record " for public security organs in place in 2001 " on the application of continuing interrogations in public security organs , " which has better guaranteed the measures for the basic level public security organs to apply for repatriation in accordance with the law .
since 1997 , in order to promote the three types of management practices ( namely , extorting confessions by torture ) , the practice of harassment of firearms and ammunition has been carried out . the police force of public security organs throughout the country insisted on going deep among the police troops that had gone out of the country to conduct the police task force , the special police unit , the special police unit , and the public security establishment on the front line to supervise law enforcement of law enforcement
to prevent law enforcement from the source , the police inspectors have further extended the scope of inspection by law enforcement officers , stepped up the inspection of the applicable summons , questioned the special forces of the 110 th police sub - police force , which handled the crimes of the law and order insignia , and the information of theft and robbery of the turtle car information in the law enforcement .
hk , china to promote cooperation in taipei : sun yun - hsuan
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the taipei news agency reported that wang wei , who has been honorary chairman of the taiwan strait exchange foundation , has been jailed for acute heart failure and bloody failure due to acute heart failure and heart failure . he was admitted to taipei early on the morning of 15 february .
sun yun - hsuan was born on 11 november 1913 in penglai , shandong province , and harbin university of electrical engineering .
it was the first time that the 10 th and 13 th central committee members of the kmt and the 11 th central standing committee , the 14 th central committee 's appraisal committee chairman of the central committee 's evaluation committee , and the 15 th central committee 's evaluation committee member .
he was formerly minister of transportation and communications of the taiwan authorities and was a member of the executive yuan .
heilongjiang to promote the construction of the songhua river water pollution ecological environment impact assessment project
xinhua news agency , harbin , february 16 ( reporter : jing tao ) to do a good job in the work of closing the dry season and melting the ice layer on the songhua river , the follow - up monitoring and pollution prevention and control work during the opening of the chang jiang will be actively pushed forward the evaluation and implementation of the project for the impact of the songhua water pollution and the ecological environment .
this reporter learned from the heilongjiang provincial environmental protection bureau that the state environmental protection administration ( sepa ) has organized the serious pollution incident of the songhua river , which has caused a serious pollution incident , and the project of countermeasures . it has defined 15 special features , which are divided into three groups : the emergency environmental assessment and the ecological environment assessment of the special features of the project , which is related to the health of the human health .
currently , there are 10 scientific research institutes in heilongjiang province with a total of over 60 people undertaking 14 technical research tasks .
it was learned that environmental protection departments and relevant scientific research institutes will conduct a series of special training on the basis of five special topics , namely , emergency environmental evaluation and countermeasures for dealing with emergencies , in an effort to first solve environmental problems that the masses are concerned about .
these include the control of the concentration of pollutants and the forecast of pollution in the total discharge volume of the country 's outlet , the impact of the safety of the water products on the two sides of the strait of the songhua river on the decentralized and scattered water on the two sides of the strait and the evaluation of the emergency water supply technology for the cities under the water supply system .
heilongjiang province 's environmental protection department will also increase the environmental monitoring of the songhua river coast , strictly investigate and deal with illegal pollution and illegal construction of the environment that has caused serious pollution .
heilongjiang will send environmental law enforcement personnel to supervise the implementation of the comprehensive environmental management of small river basin areas , improve the ecological environment of the adolanghe and the ziguanghe valanghe .
beijing university 's hall of appeal for condolences on wang chou
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to extend the ban on the sale of chains in beijing to commemorate the 100 th anniversary of the founding of the beijing university on the morning of 15 february
at 08:00 in the morning , the opening hours of the hall were not yet available , and dozens of people were waiting outside the gate .
the reporter interviewed professor li xiujun , director of the beijing university 's commemoration hall , at the memorial hall of the 100 th anniversary of beijing university : the memorial hall of the great hall of the north was filled with a string of red - colored rays .
the horizontal slope is a more than ten square meters of wang chose . he was wearing a glasses and revealing a smile , and was refreshing .
the two sides of the remains were put on the side of the side of the trees , dozens of wooden wings were divided into two sides .
one of the wreaths of the wreath was written : qin sheng was born in tang shao - hua 's foundation , and he was sent to the contemporary petrochopers by the contemporary generation .
the hall was filled with grief and sorrow and the atmosphere was filled with a pain .
among the commemorative crowd were leaders of beijing university and teachers and students of wang ch'en - ho , friends of wang chaihui 's family , and many friends who did not know him well also made special efforts to help him .
some of them held fresh flowers , some carried with the flower basket , and each person was wearing a small white flower , slowly and slowly walking toward wang chiexuan 's remains .
many people could not help but shed tears .
he was once director of the state administration of cultural relics , zhang wenbin , a alumnus of beijing university . he told the reporter that he had been in henan for more than 10 years . he asked professor wang to give a speech to the provincial party committee cadres on scientific and technological innovation .
wang chieh was a member of the cppcc national committee , who was a model of our study . he wrote a brilliant chapter for the country and society , and the people will never forget him .
the jin ruilin , professor of the law school of beijing university , was a student of the old folk who had been old for more than 40 years .
a few days ago , he just discharged , and today he insisted on doing something different to his old friend .
in his speech , mr. kim said : " we cannot stop our own views .
he told reporters that professor wang ch'en 's life was very frugal and he lived in tong 's garden . he was already a professor and had already had a very high level of achievements . however , he was still very small .
later , he moved to chengze garden , and he was moved to a place of 780 square meters for more than 10 years .
beijing university has given him a gift to academician of the blue camp , with a total floor space of more than 140 square meters , and he does not want to , and the high - level housing provided by fangzheng building is not necessary .
mr. kim recalled with deep feeling that wang chose to visit the united states during his overseas visit .
at the beginning , he insisted on not applying for academicians , and was a result of several mobilization by mr. zhou peiyuan , before he went to fill the table .
mr. jimzhong was deeply moved by the fact that wang xuan was a man of the same attitude toward the training of young people . he repeatedly stressed that we should judge him by what achievements i have now , not by my own , but rather by cultivating young people .
mr. jin said that when he was fifty years old , wang ch'en began to pay attention to cultivating young people . he always stressed that to pave the way , it was necessary to be willing to work for the elevator and to give young people a way .
this is a very successful scientist .
this reporter learned from the beijing university press center that from 09:00 on 15 february to 12:00 on 19 february , the daily average of the morning to 1:00 on 19 february , the cuckss of wang chin - chin opened to the public and offered condolences to people of all walks of life .
the chinese people 's democratic progressive party [ cppcc ] , which has been known as the contemporary chinese herzog , has been a member of the third world academy of sciences [ cass ] , a academician of the chinese academy of sciences , and has been ineffective due to medical treatment , died at beijing 's tongxun hospital at 11:30 on 13 february , at the age of 70 .
china 's npc holds talks with chilean parliament beijing , march 22
wu bangguo attended the signing ceremony and signed the agreement .
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the national people 's congress ( npc ) standing committee chairman wu bangguo attended a ceremony for the fifth session of the sino - chilean parliament on the afternoon of 15 february to sign a political dialogue agreement with the chilean parliament .
the chinese npc and the chilean parliament have officially established their exchange mechanism .
it is learned that chilean senate president romo rodro and house of representatives speaker asseno had a meeting in the chilean capital of santiago a few days ago .
according to the agreement , the two sides will , in accordance with the principles laid down in the sino - chilean joint communique on the establishment of diplomatic relations , establish a political dialogue between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament , and set up a dialogue committee to hold regular meetings between the two countries to jointly promote the comprehensive development of bilateral relations .
chilean ambassador to china korla attended the signing ceremony .
china will introduce a system for protecting the rights of information network transmission .
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) chinese president jiang zemin and his party have visited the website at the moment , which is based on a large number of news reports , such as newspapers and magazines , but many websites have not been authorized and have not paid any expenses to the internet . the state copyright bureau has also decided to extend the application of the " copyright law " to the state council information office on the 15th .
wang ziqiang said : according to the existing legal provisions , newspapers and periodicals have published works that can not be carried out without making any statements that can be used in the hero . newspapers and periodicals can not be used by the author . at the same time , they should pay remuneration . the state copyright administration has formulated a set of standards for the circulation of newspapers and periodicals .
however , according to the existing law , the newspaper and periodical publishing house has the right to enjoy such statutory permits . at present , the internet does not enjoy such a statutory right to permit .
according to the relevant judicial explanations made by the supreme people 's court , the way of using the newspaper 's statutory permits in reprinting newspapers and periodicals can apply to the internet , that is , the author does not give any small article to use the choppy statement or the internet without permission . at the same time , the payment should be paid .
however , as the judicial interpretation does not stipulate the remuneration standards , the use of these works by the internet in fact does not have a pay .
the proposal to use these short - term works published on the internet is applicable to statutory permits and needs to be submitted to the legal level .
" the reason why the monster has been included in the scope of legal definition and has yet to be released this year is that the regulations on protecting the right to disseminate information networks are confirmed .
russian military says georgia 's parliament resolution will not affect russian peacekeeping operations
moscow , february 15 ( xinhua ) the russian federation of defense ( ssdi ) has sent a letter to the media on the 15th , a press official from the russian defense ministry said that the georgian parliament 's resolution on russian peacekeeping forces will not affect russian military peacekeeping operations in the near future , and the russian military will continue to carry out peacekeeping missions in the area of the nossetis conflict .
the russian state duma ( lower house ) is the chairman of the cis committee , kovsk , on the same day , issued a statement on the georgian parliament 's relevant resolutions on the peacekeeping forces . he pointed out that this resolution by georgia will undermine the stability of the situation in the region and will have an unfavorable impact on russian - georgian relations .
he stressed that the resolution of the georgian parliament has further worsened relations between russia and georgia .
he held that the georgian side 's accusations against the russian side are absurd .
the georgian parliament passed a resolution on the same day asking russian peacekeeping forces to stop their peacekeeping operations in the southern ossetia , but they did not determine the specific time limit for russian peacekeeping troops to withdraw .
the georgian parliament accused russian peacekeeping personnel of not fulfilling their obligations and also discredited russia 's actions in the conflict region as a trick to throw away the territory of georgia .
the georgian parliament demands that the government take active actions to consider establishing a military base in the area of the conflict in southern ossetia to replace the current peacekeeping operation in the region .
the georgian parliament also instructed the government to amend the regulations on the entry of russian peacekeeping personnel to the conflict area .
the southern ossetia is an autonomous prefecture in georgia , and it has a border with the north ossetia republic of russia .
after the disintegration of the former soviet union , it declared independence on its own and was in a confrontation with the central government of georgia for a long time .
at present , russia is stationed in this region with a 500 - member peacekeeping camp .
this unit was established in 1992 in the north of the oscar park of russia 's chopus island .
the fire broke out in liaoyuan hospital four responsible persons will be sentenced to death for the charge of the major responsibility - related accidents .
xinhua news agency , changchun , february 16 ( reporter zhou liquan ) - the hospital of liaoyuan city center in jilin province has decided to set up 11 responsible persons , including the hospital power squad , the chief of the hospital power squad , and the four people will be sentenced to death for the charge of major accidents .
on 15 december 2005 , the largest fire station in liaoyuan city 's largest shangri hospital , killing 39 people and injuring more than 20 .
in this fire , the fire area has exceeded 5,000 square meters .
it is learned that this is the first time in the history of the medical and health system nationwide since the founding of new china .
according to investigations , at 1630 on the day of the incident , the hospital of liaoyuan city suddenly stopped power . according to the hospital 's circuit design , if the power supply and the switch box gate will automatically jump to the sub - gate , and continue to maintain normal power supply , the electric gates at that time were not automated , and the electric squads chief zhang diankun did not find out the cause of the power outage , causing the fire
the underground electric cables that used smoke at that time , more than ten electric cables were unsealed in a row , and like this , the cable should be very complete .
therefore , the 57 - year - old liaoyuan textile company 's electrical and electrical equipment team leader zhao yongchun , who retired cadre of the liaoyuan electric industry bureau ( senior engineer ) sun fenglin , retired worker of liaoyuan city center hospital , returned to the hospital , and three people were also arrested for committing major responsibility - related crimes .
china 's rural tourism tour guizhou tour of tianlong tuen mun
guiyang , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government and people have been making efforts to build a modern enterprise system in tianlong village , tianlong town , tianlong town , ping county , guizhou province , on the morning of 16 february , with a jubilant smile on their faces .
at 10:30 in the morning , after the five - year pronged year event , the young man , wearing a long - sleeved long shirt , sounded the alarm for china 's village tourism in guizhou .
tuen mun village , tin lung tuen mun is a typical representative of the development of rural tourism in guizhou and a demonstration point for rural tourism in the whole country .
as the year of the flood of the ming dynasty , the red envelope is still fresh in the hearts of the people of the ming dynasty .
here , we can see that the young man wearing a long blue long - sleeved long - sleeved blue long sam , the ancient han nationality culture , and the ornamental image are preserved in tuen mun village .
it was learned that tianlong village relies on this cultural and traditional advantage , and has developed village culture and tourism since 2002 . the income of the tickets alone reached 3.8 - million yuan in 2005 , and the village has 47-7 percent of the peasant households passing through the catering industry and selling them , and so on , and the average per capita income of peasants has increased from over 130 - million yuan in 2002 to 2640 yuan .
the guizhou provincial tourism administration bureau director yang shengming said that following the completion of the first - phase tour of tianlong tuen mun , the special train of thought for new tourist attractions in new rural areas has been the theme of new scenery . this year , various rural tourism activities in various parts of guizhou will reach 35 .
so far , more than 130 villages have launched a variety of rural tourism projects . by 2000 , the number of village tourism projects has increased by over 600,000 , through developing tourism .
in january , the housing price in 70 cities rose 5.5 percent , and the housing price in shanghai continued to decline .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to increase the number of large and medium - sized cities in the country to 55.6 percent in january , up 0.7 percent from the previous month .
shanghai 's real estate prices continued to slip .
the state development and reform commission and the national bureau of statistics issued data on 16 august , which shows that among 70 large and medium - sized cities , most of the housing sales prices rose slightly in january this year , and the hohhot turtle surpassed 10:0 percent , while the shanghai housing sales price continued to decline by a small margin , down by 0.40 percent compared with the same period last year .
the same - style statistics show that in the first quarter of last year , the prices of housing sales in shanghai also increased 19.1 percent over the same period of last year . after that , there was a change , and a slump was seen in the second half of last year .
in january this year , 70 new commodity sales and sales prices in 70 new large and medium - sized cities increased 6.9 percent over the same period last year , and the rate of increase dropped 0.2 percentage points from the previous month .
the increase in newly built houses in cities with higher prices was 18.99 percent of the bathing ovihat and 147.7 percent of the zoellick city of shenzhen . the jiaotong city of chengdu , jiujing city , beijing , 44.0 percent , while shanghai dropped 3.1 percent compared with the same period last year .
the central organization department urged the party organization department to further strengthen supervision over leading cadres and the work of selecting and appointing cadres .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the central organization department recently issued a circular on strengthening the work of supervising cadres .
the opinions urge organization departments at all levels to proceed from the principle of strictly managing and caring for cadres , and to carry out cadre supervision through the practice of cadre training and education examination , and select and appoint cadres for routine management , to establish and perfect a sound supervision mechanism for strengthening supervision work in preventing and eliminating herding herds and heritages in a timely fashion , and to effectively strengthen supervision over the selection and appointment of leading cadres and cadres .
the opinions pointed out : the main tasks of cadre supervision by organizational departments are : first , supervision over leading bodies and leading cadres ; the key point is to strengthen supervision over principal responsible persons of leading bodies ; second , supervision over the selection and appointment of leading cadres of the party and government ; the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres should be focused on the implementation of the " regulations on selecting and appointing leading cadres of the party and government . "
in the course of supervising leading bodies and leading cadres , the opinions have put forward the following : we should unremittingly conduct education in ideals and convictions and in fighting corruption and advocating ethical governance , and carry out education through the training , selection , and supervision of cadres , guide and urge leading cadres to cultivate party spirit , persist in building a party that serves the public and governs for the people , and build a strong ideological and moral defense line for resisting corruption and guarding against degeneracy .
we should make a speech on the new promotion of cadres in terms of honesty and self - discipline .
we should urge leading bodies at all levels to uphold democratic centralism , establish and improve rules and procedures for making decisions on issues of common concern , conscientiously implement systems that integrate leadership with individual responsibility in a division of work .
we should give prominence to supervision , organization , and personnel of principal responsible persons of leading bodies , and should regularly hold meetings with principal responsible persons of the leading bodies at the next level to understand the work style of their ideological work , including the work style of the ideological work .
we should establish and improve the system of routine management and supervision of leading cadres , regularly understand and supervise the ideological and work style of leading cadres , and put forward opinions and measures for resolving problems .
we should practice the system of warning , warning , and letter - making for leading cadres , find out the problem of the symptoms of the symptoms , and conduct timely admonitory talks or send letters to the public .
the leading cadres reflected by the masses should conscientiously study and understand the conspicuous problems reflected by the masses , do solid work , and give criticism and education to the specific situations , thus constituting a transfer of the people 's governments and law enforcement organs that constitute violations of the law and discipline , and adopt appropriate measures to clarify the problems that have been found in the course of investigation .
at the same time , we should combine strengthening supervision with encouraging cadres to make bold explorations and innovations , pay attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the opinions and demands that the organizational ( personnel ) departments at all levels conscientiously strengthen supervision and inspection of the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres of the party and government .
further improve the system of selecting candidates for promotion of cadres ' nominations and decisions on discussions ,
we should strengthen supervision and inspection of the implementation of the regulations on appointing and employing cadres , strictly investigate and handle violations of the regulations on appointing cadres , resolutely check unhealthy trends and corrupt phenomena in the use of cadres .
we should establish a system of supervision and inspection for the use of people in serious violation of the regulations , and step up supervision and investigation .
we should establish and improve the system of investigating and affixing responsibility for the work of selecting and appointing cadres , and , in accordance with the principle of contending with responsibilities , scientifically define the responsibility of the principal responsible persons of all links of the work of selecting and appointing cadres , and clearly define the method of investigating and affixing the responsibility for the work of selecting and appointing cadres .
we should give full play to the role of mass supervision and establish and perfect a mechanism for reporting crimes in a highly efficient manner .
we should give play to the role of supervision by public opinion , and report to the media at the appropriate time the relevant situation of cadre selection and appointment work , so that they can accept supervision by public opinion .
the opinions pointed out : we should further improve the mechanism for coordinating and cooperating with the work of supervising cadres .
organization ( personnel ) departments should strengthen coordination with discipline inspection organs and establish a mechanism of coordination with discipline inspection organs in the areas of party style and ethical governance for cadres .
and together with discipline inspection organs to conscientiously do a good job in inspection work , improve the inspection methods , perfect the inspection system , and improve the quality of inspection tours .
and together with auditing organs to conscientiously implement the system of auditing leading cadres ' economic responsibilities .
we should improve the internal supervision mechanism for the work of selecting and appointing cadres in organizational departments .
hk , taiwan authorities use illegal investment in mainland china as key penalties
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the taiwan affairs office of the taiwan authorities has decided to punish chen jian - chia 's two - stage herbine in taiwan on the 15th , and the taiwan authorities have decided to revoke the nt $ 5 million worth of electronic stocks ( the united christian china electronics joint - stock company ) limited ( the united nations ) .
taiwan 's chung - kuo shih - pao reported that this was chen shui - bian 's effective opening of the cross - strait economic and trade policy , which was thrown into a hot spot , and the taiwan authorities punished taiwan businessmen for investing in the mainland .
it was reported that the taiwan economic ministry 's boycott hearing held that the united microelectronics company 's fine was fined because it violated the regulations on cross - strait relations and the regulations on investment or technical cooperation in the mainland region .
in the future , the panchen review meeting will be held in accordance with the situation . cao xingcheng , former chairman of the united telecommunications company , and others will be fined .
the joint electric power project started in february 2005 . at that time , the taiwan prosecutors department used over 100 people to conduct a large - scale joint operation with several senior generals and offices .
chen shusheng , chairman of the then - chairman of the united telecommunications group , openly stated that the united telecommunications corporation did not violate any regulations of the taiwan authorities , and that the lien - electric company and ship - based science and technology provided assistance for the long - term interests of the alliance . if the company does not enter the mainland market as soon as possible , it will lose business opportunities .
after that , the taiwan authorities ' financial supervision and management committee , in violation of relevant regulations , discloses the procedures for issuing new fines to the united nations , and levies a fine of 3 - million new taiwan dollars on the grounds of disclosing relevant information .
on 9 january 2006 , the board of directors of the china unicom accepted cao xingcheng 's resignation . cao xingcheng said after a few hours of investigation that he was formally charged with investing in the mainland on charges of violating regulations .
the united telecommunications company and taiwan 's mitsubishi company ( known as " huo " ) have been operating in a thick pair of crystal cracks in taiwan . it is a high - tech dragon in taiwan .
the taiwan authorities have made a series of investigations and actions against the united microelectronics over the past year , and this has attracted great attention from all circles on the island .
hk , macao enjoy second term of monster
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the second session of the china national assembly of macao opened here today with a theme of " the chinese culture "
this string of events was jointly organized by the macao foundation and the baihua publishing house , the " pop of the sea , the " foreign edition of the white paper , " and chen jianxun , vice chairman of the chinese writers association , as well as other members of the evaluation committee .
in 2004 , the fifth anniversary of macao 's return to the motherland , the first macao feather in my heart , held a grand event , with the outstanding literary lovers at home and abroad actively responding to the call , and the organizing committee received more than 8,000 entries , and more than 10 awards from the mainland and macao special administrative regions were invited to receive awards .
wu zhiliang , executive member of the macao foundation , gave a briefing on 17 july . he said : last year , the zongshan historical district was listed as the world 's cultural heritage list . this not only means that the macao people 's long way of life and the community management model have been recognized by the world , but also means that the chinese nation is different from the traditional humanities and cultures that are loved by the chinese nation .
wu zhiliang said : it is precisely under such a good cultural atmosphere that the macao foundation and the baihua literary and art publishing house have jointly decided to cooperate with each other again to host the second spring festival in my heart .
it was learned that the competition was held on 1 september this year , with the publication of the " pamphlet on the foreign languages of the sea " opening up columns for the competition .
the results of the selection will be announced in early 2007 .
shandong successfully implemented a new case of transplant of cardiovascular heart transplant
jinan , february 17 ( xinhua ) the jinan city government of jinan city has been conducting a series of research on cardiovascular disease recently , with the help of the local government , the jinan military region 's research institute for cardiovascular disease has successfully carried out a cardiovascular transplant operation .
on 17 july , the reporter saw in the dose that after 51 days of operation , the baby was full of red face . all monitoring and inspection indicators were normal and smoothly passed the dangerous period of the operation . it was in full swing with the health care personnel who bought him .
according to the medical doctor who received the call on the same day , the patient , who was taken to the hospital by his parents from tai an rural area in shandong , was all young and purple , and was unable to breathe after inspection . after the examination , he was diagnosed with the antenacity of a pestioscide propostic disease , and was required to move his heart .
heart transplant operation is a most difficult and most difficult task in heart surgery .
in particular , the infant heart transplant of infants under 1 years old is still empty in china .
the jinan military region 's research institute for cardiovascular disease organized experts to conduct repeated demonstrations and carefully designed a plan for operation and post - art monitoring , and conducted independent innovations in the method of keeping blood - borne diseases .
on the morning of 28 december 2005 , the operation officially began .
the heart of the body was from a patient who was born in a prematurely lung , resulting in a sudden diving of breathing .
the operation should be in line with the six blood pipes , and the cracks are more than 510 needles . each injection is less than 3 millimeters .
after the operation was completed on 29 march , the operation was complete .
the state administration of safety : check coal mines and other major accidents that have been most important in this year 's work
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has issued a circular on monday to the chinese government on the investigation of four accidents involving more than 100 people , according to the ministry of foreign trade and economic cooperation ( moftec )
the reporter learned from the state administration of production safety on 17 july that to truly check the occurrence of serious accidents such as coal mines , the coal mine is the most important thing in the work .
this year , the state administration of coal mine safety and the state administration of safety will do the following three things well :
after the monument was successfully launched , the combat of wolfowitz continued .
the state administration of gas will first take part in the project this year .
if the gas mine does not carry out a single - handedly throwing in the mine , it will order it to immediately stop production .
after successfully completing the task of straightening out and closing down the enterprises ,
we should make a report to the standing committee of the national people 's congress [ npc ] on the draft of the " regulations on the management of coal mines , " which has been published in various localities recently , on the basis of the relevant laws and regulations , to the letter .
it is necessary to regard closing down as routine work , to constantly close down those enterprises that have been polluted by natural resources and have no safety conditions .
prc : qianghae stresses safety management of coal mines
we should immediately redress the malpractices of a small number of state - owned big mines that have been managed by the landslides and to guide and manage the chaotic small mines , and establish a standardized security management system .
in particular , we should grasp key state - owned coal mines and absolutely not allow excessive power supply and excessive production .
this year , the target for production safety control has required that the number of deaths of all types of accidents nationwide dropped by 35.5 percent over last year , of which 35.5 percent were coal mines .
ten people were killed and more than one died in an extraordinarily serious accident . among them , the coal mine dropped by 7,000 percent .
these control targets have been assigned to all provincial people 's governments , and all localities are carrying out the work of separating themselves from enterprises at various levels .
statistics show that in 2005 , 59,886 people were killed in coal mine accidents , a decrease of 0.79 percent compared with the same period last year .
however , more than 10 people were killed in an extraordinarily serious accident , with the number of people killed up 66.6 percent .
balaguer calls for more effective cooperation in kosovo
xinhua news agency , belgrade , february 17 ( reporter he yi ) plystello : the european commission chairman barcelona said in kosovo 's capital plaza on the 17 th that the eu commission hopes that all parties concerned will play a positive role in the process of negotiations on kosovo 's future status , and make contributions to the eventual establishment of a democratic and multi - ethnic kosovo .
barroso met with the head of the cote d'ivoire 's provisional authority , sergio sergio sergio sergio sergio sergio , and other media . he said : the relevant parties in kosovo should adopt a tolerant attitude to establish a democratic and multi - ethnic kosovo that is characterized by unity . a kosovo that respects the government 's administration and protects the rights and interests of ethnic minorities can be recognized by the international community .
he also stressed that the european commission will do its best to help kosovo develop .
barroso also expressed his appreciation for the efforts of kosovo in implementing the eight standards for kosovo 's democratic process put forward by the united nations .
he held that the implementation of these standards is a major factor that affects the integration of kosovo and europe .
he also urged all serbs in kosovo to join the serbs in all institutions in kosovo to make contributions to realizing democracy and the integration of multiple nationalities .
barroso arrived in the capital of kosovo on the same day for a one - day visit to the country .
earlier , barroso visited croatia and serbia , and he will visit macedonia 's zandic and bosnia - herzegovina .
( winter games ) stimulant news analysis :
xinhua news agency , duining , february 17th , by press analysis : there is a possibility that the dispatch of a child may not end .
xinhua news agency reporter gao peng , ding peng ,
although italy has repeatedly issued instructions saying that the dutch winter games were investigated during the dutch winter games , and the athletes who used stimulants may face jail disaster .
the dutch winter games opened on 16 february .
the next day , the international olympic committee announced that the dispatch of leova had been out of the winter olympics . she won the winter season championship at this winter olympics . she was the first to be a member of the world 's 15 km personal card .
the international winter season alliance has been making a decision on the same day on the issue of the dispatch of a child to the tournament for two years .
the ioc has always stipulated that athletes are being investigated for use in the olympic games , and will be cancelled and dismissed .
however , according to italian law , athletes carrying and using stimulants are criminal acts . the judiciary is responsible for the arrest of and investigation of the use of stimulants .
in december last year , the international olympic committee and the italian government , after a year 's heated bargain , finally reached an agreement , and both sides agreed to hold a meeting in italy 's legal form during the winter olympics .
with the unremitting efforts of the international olympic committee , italy has made a successful decision four days before the opening of the winter olympics , promising that the police would not go into the olympic village to search for the place of the athletes , but the drug inspection is still being conducted by italian procuratorial organs .
it has been reported that the italian government oversaw the dutch winter games officials , peskant , who sent the legendary act of the leovich to the dutch prosecutor 's office .
however , the international olympic committee and petersburg himself have not confirmed this .
russia 's winter diaries , 2 nd runner - up desires , disclosed at noon on 17 july that the dispatch of leonova has left the country and has returned to china .
he once served as a member of the china anti - doping agency for many years , and said that once the country sent a leaf to return to china , this matter will eventually be unsettled .
shi kongcheng said : the ioc and the italian government have held a series of meetings on the issue of anti - doping agents in winter games . even though the italian procuratorial organs have really intervened in this matter , it is very hard to say that the results are very hard to say .
according to the previous italian statistics on the use of stimulants by its own athletes , the number of inmates who were banned was also the highest punishment .
therefore , the senior italian journalist leo ereili said that the dispatch of leopova into the prison was unimaginable , and the most of them were fine .
pierre also said that although the italian court could hold a defective trial , italian police did not go to other countries to send the lawyer back to serve the sentence .
if the united states sends a new name to the united states if it refuses to accept the verdict , the italian side will not have any way to do it .
xinhua roundup on new epidemic site , world health organization report
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the xinhua news agency foreign correspondent reported that the spread of bird flu in the continent of africa was further spread .
the world health organization confirmed on the 17th that three areas in egypt had been found dead in bird flu virus .
in europe , france has discovered for the first time that five kinds of bird flu viruses have been discovered , and europe has been highly vigilant against the virus , thus strengthening the prevention measures .
the who 's east mediterranean advisor to the who , hanssen , told the press in egypt on 17 april that currently there are no more than 20 million people in egypt 's central cairo , as well as three areas in mingya , south , including the h5n1 bird flu virus , and the relevant departments of the egyptian government have already started slaughtering poultry that might have been suspected of being infected by avian influenza .
experts pointed out that egypt is an important partner of the migration of migrants from the middle east and north africa , and that migratory birds can bring bird flu viruses into the country .
egypt has announced that it has banned imports of live poultry from abroad and strengthened quarantine at border ports .
the capital of cameroon , yaounde , has been hit by a number of chickens in the past week .
cameroon has decided to suspend the import of live poultry from nigeria , where the bird flu epidemic has occurred , and to suspend all poultry and pork in the markets along the border between the two countries .
the government of the cameroon has also built a comprehensive network of epidemic monitoring network covering all parts of the country , and the basque center and the national veterinary medical laboratory are also in an emergency state to be ready for orders , so that they can launch relevant information about the 5/1 virus in chorus at any time .
in europe , denmark and sweden initially ruled out the epidemic on 17 may .
sweden 's veterinary research institute released a report on the death of the dead geese found on wednesday , indicating that sweden 's geese had no avian flu virus .
the danish national veterinary administration 's preliminary laboratory results also showed that the number of dead chickens found in denmark has not been infected by avian influenza virus .
however , the agricultural department said that denmark still cannot take this lightly .
romania has shown signs of a new outbreak of bird flu in eastern europe , and the world health organization ( who ) experts said in bucharest on the 17th that almost all areas of the danube delta region have had bird flu . romania must take seriously the situation and romania may have to take measures in three or five years to keep under the threat of avian flu .
in bangladesh , the government has taken all necessary measures to prevent avian influenza .
the government livestock service bureau ( cnc ) provides relevant officials with books on avian influenza prevention and also organized poultry farmers to conduct training .
( newspaper clippings ) china 's first joint blood information management system built in zhejiang
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to provide blood information for the first time in the past few days in the center , according to the blood center of zhejiang province
a relevant person at the blood center in zhejiang province said that this means that any citizen should be in a county ( city ) region in zhejiang province to take part in the donation of blood , and there will be a single and unique blood - borne code record . when the person again dedicated his blood to the blood , he would have to pay the blood for the relevant records and personal information to offer blood - and - blood - pit records for the last time of his dedicated blood - and -
the responsible person further explained that if the relevant substandard records are imported , it will be very difficult to systematically show that the undonated blood is still separated from the interval period .
this way , we will not only protect the health of the blood donors themselves , but also effectively protect the health and safety of the bloodshed users .
in addition , when blood supply is strained , the donors and their families have the right to use blood first , so long as you input the effective documents of the donors , you can immediately show the blood donors ' information , which is quite convenient .
according to a report in the " report of today 's morning news , " the current information system has already been installed in all 36 collection and supplying organs across the province , and the blood resources of all collection and supplying organs across the province can also show real time , thus achieving the goal of sharing data in the entire province .
to prevent another landslide , 11 villages in the philippines were urgently withdrawn .
xinhua news agency , manila , february 18 ( reporter : zhao yanjun ) - local officials of the philippines ' local government said on the 18 th that to prevent the recurrence of the emergency withdrawal of the landslide incident in 11 villages in eastern philippines .
south korean officials , russell lesotho , said on the same day that these villages had a very close relationship with the village of the landslide on the same area on the 17th .
the 11 villages that have been evacuated will be rehoused in seven withdrawal centers .
lyas said : the government ordered yesterday to withdraw residents , and today sent people to inspect the buildings and houses of these villages , because some people do not want to leave their homes .
the 17 th landslide incident occurred in the southern part of the southern part of the southern part of the southern part of the southern part of the southern province . from the television picture , the soil and stone blocks have been buried in the entire village , and only a few roofs can be seen .
since the soil is very thick and the wet is very large , the people buried in the lower part can luckily fetch their hopes .
at present , 109 people have been found dead , and 57 others have been rescued .
it is estimated that the death toll caused by this accident may reach as high as 1,800 .
( overseas chinese affairs of overseas chinese ) quanzhou , fujian 's native of quanzhou , fujian , has an export growth of 35.2 percent in the first half of this year .
fuzhou , february 19 ( xinhua ) the first batch of counties ( cities ) in quanzhou city , january this year , continued to maintain a high growth rate .
according to customs statistics , the total export volume of quanzhou in january was $ 330 - million , the best in history , up 35.2 percent over the same period last year , higher than the average growth rate of the entire province .
according to analysis by the quanzhou city foreign economic bureau , the january - january quanzhou foreign trade volume could grow at a high speed , mainly because of the rapid growth of the various foreign trade support services measures in quanzhou , enterprises ' enthusiasm for export was high , quanzhou 's economic operation was active , enterprises ' operational confidence was enhanced , and the highly efficient and smooth environment for foreign trade development .
