the number of dead women who were killed in the investigation was only about $ 12,000 .
london , april 6 , 2007 ( afp )
the daily average price of the two stations was 3.4 times that of the same month last year , the daily report said .
the report pointed out that the theft case has triggered a public speculation , and the computer may hid a computer that is capable of hiding by the former metropolitan police chief , sir stiren , for investigation .
however , a senior official of the metro police bureau said that the police had a lot of information on the computer , and that the computer had not been able to contact the relevant information .
" we are pleased to see that sir steve is a member of the british nobel - bub police bureau , and his office is in the middle of the mount new engel .
the report said that noisia 's police had not received any reports from the police over the past 10 days .
a major incident occurred in the southern district of the city from january 28 to 29 , including computer and cash , and all were taken away . the second theft case occurred last week , and no loss was recorded .
norway police have been investigating the case and the police have not yet received evidence that the two suspects were involved in theft and siez 's work .
" we are always very happy to see that the us government has been trying to find a way to stop the death of prince of wales .
the royal autopsy , the official of the imperial post , ordered in 2004 to continue to investigate the relevant evidence .
daian princess diana was born on august 31 , 1997 in a paris tunnel accident .
french police have arrested two men and a woman , who were suspected to have been in good condition for drink and drink .
sri lankan traffic control authorities agreed to hold a meeting in geneva later this month to discuss the issue of the " anti - terrorism treaty " in late june .
afp , lilo on the 7 th .
the number of mediators in the peace process indicated that sri lanka 's war organization agreed to hold a peace conference in geneva on 22 june to resolve the dispute between the parties in order to seek a final settlement of the racial bloodshed over the past several decades .
norway 's peace envoy solomon said in london that the peace talks between the two sides were very successful .
norway embassy in beijing held a statement saying that the chinese government 's efforts to rebuild the country 's territory are " unacceptable " and " unacceptable " to the sri lankan government .
two days of talks will focus on how to strengthen the talks on the issue of the " agreement on the cease - fire " that will come into effect on 23 february 2002 , and the agreement has not been fully observed by both sides .
the norwegian embassy pointed out that the two sides will discuss how to improve the implementation of the ceasefire agreement , which is the first time that the two sides have conducted a face - to - face negotiations at such a high level in the past three years .
solana said that the united states will lead a delegation to the talks .
he said : this is the road leading to peace .
the settlement of the ethnic conflict in sri lanka was a round - the - clock negotiation on the eve of the march 2003 event in japan , but taninam liberated the tiger .
du lin 's winter olympics opens up a new chapter in the south - south korean team 's cooperation
afp , the capital of kurdish , on the 10 th .
article on the 20th winter olympics , the third session of the 20 th national games opened in dublin today , and the south and north koreas , as enemies , held a grand ceremony in the midst of the cold war .
south korean women 's competition in the skating of the ice , lee po - la , and north korean men 's fossils , han zheng - ren , were the two teams in the first place .
this is the first time that south korea and north korea have held a olympic delegation in the winter olympics .
to reflect the changes in the bilateral relations in recent years , the two sides have decided to set up a joint military exercise in the summer of 2001 in sydney and the summer olympics in 2004 , and the south and north korea have been together to host the event .
north korea has not participated in the joint military exercise in the yim lake city of the united states .
the korean peninsula was founded in 1948 in order to implement capitalism and the democratic people 's republic of korea [ dprk ] , and the north korea [ rok ] , the two sides had conducted a joint military exercise between 1950-1953 .
the nanjiu leader , in 2000 ,
according to the tradition , the greek delegation is the first country to be held in the country , and the first group of the 80 countries participating in the competition is the 22 nd south korean player , the 23 rd .
landlord 's national interests are the largest group of people who are here in the country .
he said that he was very pleased to have been hospitalized for the performing arts .
new york , march 16 , 2007 ( afp )
the two sides have been recognized as one of the most important countries in the world to win the olympic gold medal this year , and the movie , the potson , the potatoes , the white crane , the main player , the white crane , the horse , the horse , the horrible , and the fans , have been unable to stand their own feet and have been unable to stand their own feet .
he said that he was pleased to meet with the chinese government and the chinese government in the past 60 years .
at that time , he was only 20 , and just started to get a drama from the new york university , and entered the new york society , where he was living in a rapid and rapid manner .
he was a member of the cpc central committee political bureau and a member of the cpc central committee secretariat .
the upcoming " shanghai five " summit will be held in the next month .
on this occasion , he was well - known for his performance .
the 38 - year - old actor was also present during the visit , saying that if she did not have a strong determination to resign the bad habit , he might be able to win the support of oscar .
he said that he was very envied to the old , who was 19 years old and suddenly became famous for many gold .
the avian flu virus is now spreading in europe and in asia , and the public is anxious .
brussels , april 16 , 2007 ( afp )
avian influenza virus continues to spread in europe ,
eu executive committee approves new group to help flee region
african and african countries have found a fatal hole of 5113 virus .
egyptian officials are investigating the explosion in a farm in southern egypt , which caused a sudden outbreak of mass slaughter .
the european chicken market has been affected by the virus , and the extent of decline is also very low , and the eu executive committee stressed that there is no reason to panic .
the executive committee is responsible for the work of the health and food safety executive committee , princess prueher , said that the public is concerned about this matter , but it does not need to be overreacted .
in the past , the virus found in the three km of the surrounding area and the 10 km warning zone , the eu 's executive committee again wore the new regulations to raise the number of the european countries that have found the virus to be the most important area of flip .
a man who was unwilling to be named said to be a " good friend " of the eu .
the european region has so far received a total of 104 such cases , including the death toll of idioxin , germany , the czech republic , slovenia , and russia 's first - hand in european territory .
romania announced on 16 april that the first case was reported in slovenia , 31 , and the first case in the country of rurooted in greek and german rurooted island .
italian president luiz kryder , who arrived in south china , was found to have bird flu virus on two ducks , and was the first bird flu virus in the european region .
eu officials are most worried about the imminent withdrawal of the african union from africa .
nigeria and the government are stepping up their work to prevent the spread of the virus on the african continent to humanity .
the nigerian government announced that all the children who have been infected with the farm are in the area of five kilometers near the farm , no matter whether they have been threatened by the virus , they are all destroyed .
neighboring countries ' governments announced that the country has entered a warning state and that they have allocated 4 million us dollars of emergency plans . monitoring and monitoring is closely related to the border between nigeria and jordan .
the newly established national emergency committee said that they would receive a notice that the chinese government and the chinese government would not allow the japanese side to take measures to prevent the recurrence of the disease .
china 's electronic commerce administration has been to be implemented in the first half of this year .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 6 ( reporter han jie and xu bobo ) - the reporter learned from the china banking regulatory commission on the 6th that the " regulations on the operation of electronic banking business " and the " electronic banking security evaluation guidelines " promulgated recently by the bank of china will be implemented on 1 march 2006 .
the cbrc spokesman said that according to the regulations of the management measures , foreign - funded financial institutions ' relevant examination and approval methods have basically remained unchanged , that is , foreign banks ' branches have been allowed to operate online banking business . if new online banking business is added , it should be decided by the branch in the main report of the bank 's reporting within china .
to standardize the operation of commercial banks in the internet , the state council and the state council issued the " interim regulations on the management of internet banking business " in june 2001 .
the cbrc spokesman said that with the rapid development of the electronic banking business of commercial banks , the interim procedures have not been able to meet the needs of the risk - control of electronic banking , and the cbrc has formulated two new regulations .
according to the spokesman of the cbrc , the cbrc 's supervision and management of the safety evaluation agency 's quality is different from the level of trade access or enterprise access .
so long as the safety assessment body meets the relevant conditions and requirements , even if it has not been approved by the cbrc , the financial institutions can also employ its own electronic banking security evaluation commission , but they should , according to relevant regulations , conduct management .
the " electronic banking business management method " has a total of nine chapter 99 provisions , which are divided into two sections , namely , general application , application , and variation of risk management , exchange of data , and transfer of management of foreign - invested projects , through management of cross - border operations , and nine parts of the management of cross - border operations .
the " electronic banking regulatory guidelines " have a total of 557 articles , divided into five sections , namely , the general department of safety evaluation , the implementation of safety evaluation by the agency , and the management and supplementary provisions of the project .
the " selected works of mao zedong and zhou enlai " , deng xiaoping 's " three represents " , and deng xiaoping 's " three represents " published in the publication of the " report on the investigation and study of comrade chen yun . "
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 6 , by reporter zou , eden mao zedong and zhou enzhao of the central literature research center of the cpc central committee ,
and carry out in - depth investigation and study , uphold the principle of integrating theory with reality , and formulate and implement the correct line , principles , and policies .
comrade mao zedong 's works of mao zedong 's works , including liu shaoqi , deng liqun , deng liqun , and other revolutionaries of the older generation , have published many important and thoroughgoing views on the issue of investigation and study , and they have also often gone to the grassroots units to personally conduct social investigation and write many reports .
they conducted investigations and studies and achieved results , and they have played a positive role in guiding the party 's and the people 's cause to advance along the correct road .
the " selected works of mao zedong and zhou enlai " , deng xiaoping 's " three represents " , and deng xiaoping 's " three represents " were divided into three parts : first , mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation have written on the compilation of the theses on investigation and research , and second , mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation have written on the subject of investigation and study , and third , some of them are the three important speeches made by mao
these surveys are mostly conducted in the first place .
in addition , two other articles on the last issue of the century , the central leaders conducted an investigation and study of the situation .
russia reiterates adherence to the one - china principle
xinhua news agency , moscow , february 6 , by wire ( reporter ye ) russian deputy foreign minister alexander alekseyev reiterated on the 6th that russia upholds the one - china stand .
alekseyev said : russia has noticed that president chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on the issue of taiwan independence .
the russian government has consistently upheld the one - china principle and firmly supported china 's efforts to realize the great cause of national reunification .
last year , the npc of china approved the " anti - secession law . " russia has taken the lead in openly expressing support for it .
alekseyev said : the russian foreign ministry will issue a joint statement as soon as possible , reiterating the one - china stand and opposing the independence of taiwan .
china , japan hold talks on bilateral ties beijing , march 22
xinhua news agency , johannesburg , february 6 , by reporter ming chen
according to the statistics of the chinese people 's federation of liberia , the incident occurred in burundi 's 130 - odd kilometers northwest of the burundi city , which was the largest butcher in the country .
at that time , lin yixing , the owner of the shop , picked up the goods inside the house , and prepared to end the business day .
at this time , there were three customers in the shop , one of them was pulled out of the pistol and was carrying out robbery .
more than 40 years old lin yixing and the rubber fought in the battle , and the rubber set off a gun to lin yixing , and later escaped .
after hearing the news , the local people turned lin yixing to the village hospital .
on 6 february , the chinese embassy in the federal republic of congo xu defu had just consulted with him and the chinese embassy in fujian of south africa , lin changming , vice president of the fujian association of chinese and south africa , rushed to burundi to help the family members of the deceased in handling the aftermath .
mr lam was the first to be a member of the police force in 36 hours .
( selected newspaper )
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 7 , shanghai 's labor and social security bureau released on the 6th the latest hour of work and wage instructors for the new period of 2006 , and the number of jobs reached 120 , up 11 times over the previous previous time . the number of former posts of directors of the former company was rising .
according to the statistics from the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau , currently shanghai 's hours of work is still over 30 million .
according to a report by the china youth daily , college graduates and concurrently - time personnel are an hour - long working team .
through the investigation of the nearly 8000 hours of work , the number of people working in the same post was more than 8,000 , accounting for 51.9 percent .
the first phase of the project is to provide a comprehensive and comprehensive training for the workers .
the high income is the main reason why many people are engaged in hours and part - time jobs .
it has been learned that the monthly income of individual posts can reach tens of thousands of yuan , and the amount of money will be hard to ask , just as if the sonar is transmitted , the monthly income of an hour of work will be more than 2,000 yuan , for example , the total amount of married couples of fuming in the financial field .
to meet the needs of individual interests in expanding their knowledge , they are also an important part of their work .
for example , when a enterprise is a manager of the manpower resources department , mr. gu , will be selected every week .
mr. gu thinks that the most part - time post is to enable his own knowledge to continue to be updated , and to have the opportunity to involve in another field , of course , every month , the income of the yuan 2000 is also limited .
as some hours of work and employment thresholds are low , the working pattern is flexible and free , and is gradually being constrained by many graduates who are now seeking jobs . there are 144 jobs in the hours of work .
i
college students , huang he , after graduation , did not work as good as being . in the end , he was hanging a guesthouse with a steel - drum .
they are not only the work of the present .
it has been learned that the hours of work has become a number of job seekers who are seeking jobs , and have accumulated experience in work skills in training , and have increased through communication skills , such as communication skills , and the experience of the social life review .
the graduates have worked for an hour , and they are mainly concentrated in the knowledge - based and skilled jobs , such as specialized and technical jobs .
the hours of work and job skills are not high , such as food promotion , household chorage , etc.
the report showed that the average annual wages of workers were as high as 9,000 .
wu bangguo , member of the standing committee of the political bureau of the cpc central committee and vice premier of the state council , and secretary of the central commission for discipline inspection , attended the meeting .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 8th , by reporter liwen zhou
on 6 february and 8 february , wu bangguo went to the ma on shan tomiiiichi lake to inspect the work of building a well - off society in an all - round way .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui has the advantages of carrying out comprehensive management of public order in the eastern region , which is the central link of china 's important agricultural areas , and has rich natural resources and a fairly good industrial base . it has a strong scientific and technological strength , and has a strong cultural and tourist resources .
anhui should firmly seize the opportunity of promoting the rise of the central region , always uphold the principle of economic construction as the central task , closely integrate the actual situation in anhui with the implementation of the central policies and policies , and creatively carry out work , and implement the scientific development concept to the concrete measures , and carry it out in the practical work .
we should sum up practical experience in a timely manner , fully rely on the masses , vigorously support reform and innovation , and continuously open up a new situation in anhui 's work .
we should actively promote the building of a harmonious society , persist in taking the realization of good accomplishments in safeguarding the fundamental interests of the greatest majority of the people as the starting point and the end - result of all our work , actively create conditions , and gradually resolve practical problems of the masses of difficulties in gradually adjusting the structure of income distribution , gradually changing the dual structure of urban and rural areas , and safeguarding and safeguarding social justice , and enabling all the people to share the fruits of reform and development
wu bangguo stressed : china has reached the stage where it must rely on more efforts to strengthen its ability to innovate independently and improve the quality of laborers to promote economic and social development . only by vigorously promoting scientific and technological progress and innovation can we achieve the qualitative leap in the productive forces and effectively turn economic and social development into the path of scientific development .
we should establish and improve a system of systems conducive to innovation as soon as possible , increase input in science and technology , encourage patent inventions , develop famous brands , and speed up the transformation of scientific and technological achievements into real productive forces , and strengthen the role of enterprises as the mainstay in independent innovation , and continuously raise the rate of contribution to economic growth .
we should support and encourage the participation of technological elements in distribution , establish and improve a system of management and management that embodies the ability to make innovations on our own , study and formulate a system for financial support and government procurement to support innovation on our own , and form a policy system for encouraging innovation .
we should , in the entire society , cultivate a sense of innovation , vigorously advocate the idea of daring to innovate and be bold in competition , and strive to create a good atmosphere of talent coming out in large numbers .
wu bangguo pointed out : the npc has done a lot of work in building a socialist country ruled by law in accordance with the law .
to do a good job of the work of people 's congresses in the new situation , first , we must uphold the correct political direction and unswervingly follow the road of developing socialist politics with chinese characteristics , and we must turn the upholding of the party 's leadership over the country as the masters of the country and the rule of law into a unified one .
second , we should focus on the overall situation of the work of the party and the state , closely center on major issues in reform , development , and stability , and closely focus on hot and difficult issues that are of common concern to the masses , and constantly enhance the effectiveness of the work of the people 's congress .
third , we should give full play to the characteristics and advantages of the work of the people 's congress , uphold democratic centralism , act according to the procedures , and make collective decisions on issues .
we should persistently follow the mass line , take people as the foundation , and exercise power for the people , and give people the impression of being the people , and seek benefits for the people .
china 's proposal for the next 15 years of scientific research project
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 9 , by reporter xing li
these four major scientific research plans are the first of its kind to study proteins ' regulation and control and control , study of carving rice , and develop and produce reproductive research .
the outline pointed out that protein science is the most important and most important resource for life science that developed countries are fierce in rivalry .
the next 15 years will be a key period for china to study the transformation of important biological systems , and the study of the bogus plain section of the baidu group will be completed by the geoguiology institute .
the outline also maintains that the quantitative control and control research has a clear perspective and may have a certain impact on the overall situation of the development of human society and economy by 2030 .
china should focus on studying how to respond to the carrier and regulation and control principles and methods of quanzi 's telecommunications , calculating within the limits , and the new quantum effect of the small - scale quantum system , and setting up the standards for measuring and controlling the targets and the new technological foundation for measuring the targets .
in addition , the outline pointed out that nanometric technology has become the key factor for the strategic choice of many countries to raise their core competitiveness and is also one of the areas that china can expect to achieve leapfrog development .
the next 15 years will be a very important period in china 's research in this field , including the development of the capacity of the nanometric materials , and the design and design of the self - assembled and function , the study of the nanometric biomass biomass , the nasium , and the atroyalty and measurement of the nasm , as well as the use of nimi material and the application of the nanometer technology environment
china 's population growth is large , and the number of births is too large , and the problem of transplanted organs is serious shortage , and the peak of aging is about to come . therefore , it urgently needs to make breakthroughs in the theory of breeding and breeding science and technological innovation .
according to the outline , the 2006 - 2020 china will focus on studying the use of stem cells to increase the income of reproductive and control , and the growth of bio - plastics and reproductive functions of the human body will be different from the existing mechanism of reproductive and reproductive cells , and the safety and legality of the technology of reproductive and stem cells .
last year , shanghai 's housing prices fell nearly 7 percentage points ,
xinhua news agency , shanghai , february 9 , by reporter ting huang ,
according to the latest data released , last year shanghai 's real estate industry saw a decline in all its targets .
among them , the prices of residential housing rose by 3.4 percent from the previous year , while the real estate industry 's added value declined 4.1 percent from the previous year .
shanghai 's statistics bureau director pan jian recently said in a press conference that
the total retail sales volume of commodities for the whole year was 9.2 percent higher than the previous year , and the increase was 6.6 percentage points lower than the previous year .
the total annual real estate industry was 670.223 - billion yuan , up 24.4 percent from the previous year .
in the financial institutions , the loans of individual housing units increased by 6.4 percent to 24.4944.4 billion yuan , which was only 5.4 billion yuan in the year , and the loans for 2004 increased by 23.4 percent .
phan chih - chien said : judging from the sales prices of shanghai 's real estate in the whole year , the prices of commercial housing were stable and down .
the statistics also showed that according to the latest data , the number of people who are in real estate is increasing somewhat in 2005 , and the average housing prices are increasing at 66.98 yuan or 68.3 percent , compared with the average price of every square meter in 2004 .
in 2005 , the housing market price level was lower than that of the previous year , and the rate was down 6.2 percent from the previous year .
according to his briefing , last year , shanghai municipality completed the construction of 124.6 - million yuan in real estate development , up 6.1 percent over the previous year .
the sales area was 315.8770,000 square meters , a drop of 9.5 percent .
the total sales volume of commercial buildings was 21.13 - trillion yuan , down 4.55 percent from the previous year .
two light planes were flying at the airport in new zealand
xinhua news agency , wellington , february 9 , two new zealand light planes crashed into the sea off the northern part of wellington , capital of the capital of wellington , and killed the plane .
according to the statistics of the local civil aviation department , two planes were flying at the airport .
at the time of the incident , two planes were in the non - air control area , and the pilot was flying in such a region as the regulations .
a man was found dead at the scene of the incident and was told to the new zealand media that the plane was carrying out a huge explosion .
another witness said that the us military had not yet been able to respond to the us military 's attacks before the crash and that the us military had seen the crash of the plane .
the current plane collision incident has yet to be clarified , and the local civil aviation department will launch an investigation into this incident .
china , japan hold talks on bilateral ties
xinhua news agency , buenos aires , february 8 , by reporter youjun cao
the statement said that chen shui - bian 's visit to the united states on 29 january declared that he would abolish the treaty of unification of the country and the national unification guidelines , which was written by the united nations , which was once again a step forward toward the opening of the island .
the compatriots on both sides of the strait are expecting peace and the taiwan compatriots ' desire for peace and stability .
the statement pointed out : resolutely oppose and contain the practice of splitting taiwan independence , and safeguard peace in the taiwan strait region ; and it is still the common aspiration of compatriots on both sides of the strait and the chinese people in the world at present .
the statement stressed that the argentine council for promoting china 's peaceful reunification is willing to hold talks with all political parties , organizations , and people from both sides of the strait who uphold the one - china principle , and resolutely oppose any form of taiwan independence , and actively promote china 's peaceful reunification .
chinese experts : the united states advocates that china 's military threat is unjustified .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 9 , by reporter xuanliang li
experts believe that this is a challenge to china 's normal national defense construction .
the " four - year defense evaluation report " is the new defense instructor of the pentagon .
the long - term plan of the report , which is in the 92 pages , expounds three sections on the issue of china 's military strength and the us should take , and the report has been directly put on 15 occasions to the china - made - up or the words of " the two , " namely , the words of the two , the words " the reith , " which are the major and newly emerging big powers , and china has the greatest potential to engage in military competition with
the chinese academy of military sciences , a researcher with the world military research department of the chinese academy of military sciences , said : although senior us officials have expressed similar views on many occasions , this is the first time that the united states has proposed that china should be the most likely to pose a military challenge to the united states .
the reason why this report was unequivocally described as a " chinese " for the first time as a newly emerging strategic opponent , especially the " military threat " of the so - called china , was given more attention .
the chinese academy of military sciences , a researcher at the chinese academy of military sciences , said :
it is noteworthy that in the " four - year defense evaluation report , " the united states has officially submitted the report on the defense work for the same day . us president bush also submitted a budget for the 2007 fiscal year of the united states , of which the defense budget has reached $ 43.3 - billion .
if you add to the " security " in iraq and afghanistan ,
peng guangqian said : the us speculation that other countries have been suffering from the threat of other countries reflects the fact that the pentagon has always tried to create an enemy 's style of making an enemy of the enemy , and its real purpose is to strive for more national defense funds , so as to gain more profits for the large us arms industry .
experts say that compared with the huge us military spending , china 's national defense spending is quite limited .
he has participated in many times the work of the military experts , including deng hongzhou , who has participated in the national defense white paper , said : in the 1990 s , with economic development , china 's national defense spending has increased somewhat , but the proportion of the national financial expenditures in the same period has shown a downward trend .
official statistics show that in 2004 , the volume of trade between china 's national defense expenditures accounted for 23.4 percent of the total national expenditures for the same period .
in 2005 , china 's national defense budget was $ 24.656 - billion , and only a considerable portion of the us $ 1 - 14 , while the per - capita military spending was only equivalent to about one - sixth of the united states , and the per - capita military spending of the military is about 1 - 30 of the us military .
they are the largest source of the us territory and the land area of china , and the gap between military spending and the gap is that who is doing so ?
peng guangqian said :
the china arms control and disarmament association director teng wensheng said that the united states should objectively assess china 's military construction and should not allow china to develop and develop its military force .
the " 2004 china international convention on national defense " said that china firmly follows the path of peaceful development and pursues a defensive national defense policy .
china has been in the past and now has not yet started to impose sanctions on any country in the future .
so far , china has not made any progress in establishing military bases in any other country , nor has it sent troops to other countries .
professor zhang xuezhong of the institute of international relations at beijing university said : china and the united states should , through the established channels , increase communication and exchanges , and increase understanding and mutual trust , and comprehensively promote the constructive and cooperative relationship between china and the united states in the new century and jointly promote world peace and development .
( winter olympics )
xinhua news agency , dubai , february 9 , by reporter ying ying
on 9 july , the winter olympics in duham was held in advance to reporters that the opening ceremony was a brilliant arrangement .
the opening ceremony was of great significance to the establishment of the organization committee , kadena , who was full of confidence , said at a press conference that the opening ceremony was a grand event of the opening ceremony with a total cost of over 10 million euros , which was a gathering of top - level talents in italy .
he said : the 10th night night will be held in the evening of 10 july . at that time , the 350,000 viewers and the approximately 20,000 people in the world will be watching the television broadcast show full of intense emotions .
the fierce gunfire flowed with warm flames .
the famous italian design master , amari , was specially designed for the opening ceremony , and the famous italian fashion brand , morkina , will provide a variety of service for the athletes ' ceremony .
however , the famous italian men 's nobel - pavilion will be in high spirits at the opening ceremony , and the organizing committee will consider this suspense as the final .
eight of them can spray flame and fun the ball , the athletes will use three meters of long to shoot the flames to show the flames of the flames , and they will be able to use the 70 km speed to shoot the ball .
the organization committee official said that this was the first time they had been performing the opening ceremony .
and on how to ignite the torch , organize the committee to give the torch ahead of schedule , but the length of the torch of the 57 - meter main torch will be bright and the nearby algiers .
us rates on 30 - year mortgages averaged 5.9 percent in march
xinhua news agency , washington , february 9 , by reporter xuejun zhao
mcclellan said that bush is looking forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he also said that he is now making preparations for this visit .
mcclellan arrived in pakistan on the morning of 19 november for a four - day visit to pakistan , to protest against the assassination of islamic preaching to know king mohammed .
on january this year , bush met with pakistani prime minister aziz at the white house , and both sides expressed the need to strengthen friendly cooperation to jointly crack down on terrorism that endanger the security of the two countries .
bush also said that he would visit pakistan at the invitation of the indian government and would meet with indian president mahmud kohl in march .
us rates on 30 - year mortgages averaged in new york
xinhua news agency , ramallah , february 9 , by reporter zaimian ( international ) - hamas 's cabinet has found a breakthrough in its cabinet .
xinhua news agency reporter wang hao and huang ju
the palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) has obtained the right to vote after the election of the legislative council .
hamas will be pursuing what new policy will directly affect peace process .
at the same time , the boycott attitude of the united states and israel has added variables to the prospects of the hamas government .
at present , all parties in palestine are stepping up consultations to reach a consensus on the issue of forming a cabinet , which involves the difficulties and sensitive points of future development .
the " three represents " are the main theme of the " three represents " and the " three represents " are the " three represents " of the party and government .
hamas won the cabinet .
moreover , the chinese government , which is currently visiting egypt , has stressed that the palestinian government has been formed by the new palestinian government , and that israel , this is a hard - line signal , which has also aggravated the international worries .
the united states and israel clearly indicated that they would not accept the hamas , which has a real power , and threatened to dismantle its economic aid to palestine and to transfer its tax to the palestinians .
however , this does not obstruct hamas 's decision to make flexible strategies .
it was reported that in order to win the international recognition to the maximum , the meeting of hamas in egypt recently decided to reelect an independent candidate of all the members of the islamic university , jakarta , chairman of the board of directors of the school of education , at home and abroad .
this move has not been approved by the relevant parties .
palestinian analysts , saddam hussein , said that no matter how much the prime minister 's position is , the most important thing is that the prime minister 's candidate should try his best to weaken the hard - line flavor of hamas . only in this way can he ensure the success of the cabinet .
the " three stresses " education has been conducted in a timely manner .
from an internal point of view , hamas is facing the biggest challenge .
the " daily news " of palestine analyzed that the united states ' " unilateralist " policy of seeking peace through social welfare projects has not been effectively implemented in the aspect of governing . it is also in line with the palestinian national liberation movement , which has the governing experience , is a top choice .
hamas has been calling for a struggle against fatah after the election .
fatah 's internal affairs are still under investigation .
the news briefly pointed out that under the leadership of abbas , fatah 's efforts have gradually been inclined to join the new government .
even so , hamas 's relations with fatah have also been going on with the government .
in addition , another way is to form a legislative committee framework to separate itself from the party 's nature .
it was reported that hamas also designed a clear - cut plan to help the government to get rid of the threat of violence .
in view of the fact that the united states and israel have different attitudes and technical experts have failed to provide a good organizational form for easing external pressure .
according to the " basic law " of palestine , on 16 june , the new legislative council , after assuming office , nominated prime minister and cabinet , will be formed in three weeks to five weeks .
the " three - dimensional " armed force is not only a matter of course , but also a " road of war . "
the hamas 's weapons are the first to form a new government .
the united states and israel have been very tough and resolutely demanded that hamas give up violence and reject its military action .
hamas leader mahmud al-assad stressed on 9 july that armed resistance was the strategic choice of the organization .
armed issues actually include the legality of weapons and the legality of the armed forces ' belonging to the management of the two levels .
hamas 's political and economic activities in the form of democracy and freedom have been approved by the international community , and its subordinate armed forces have been kicked off by gunmen , and the way of legalizing it is to unify it to the government 's security organs .
hamas once proposed to include all factions in the constitution of palestine , which is a common task of the people 's armed forces of the palestinian national authority . however , it has not received wide responses and has also been strongly opposed by the palestinian islamic holy organization ( jr ) .
palestine now has 60,000 troops of security organizations .
moreover , fatah 's other members also have some organizational relations .
the chinese government , which is responsible for forming the cabinet , must hold talks with abbas on how to manage the armed forces of these countries ' own affairs and rationally distribute the power to manage security .
according to local media reports , abbas intends to control security and intelligence troops , police and civil defense agencies , and other organizations , and the new government 's interior ministry is under control .
however , all parties are still holding consultations on this sensitive issue , and so far no progress has been made .
china 's first release of ultra - polar observation report
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 10 th , by reporter jianmin li
the " report " comprehensively reflects the new situation and new tasks in china 's polar scientific research activities in 2005 .
according to the " report , " the " report " on 29 january 2005 " was published by the chinese government and people 's liberation army [ pla ] on the nantan polytechnic survey team on the nantan river .
the reason why the competition is increasingly fierce international is that the chinese government has been making efforts to develop the economy and to improve the people 's livelihood .
the state oceanographic bureau director sun zhighui said :
the " report " shows that in march 24 , 2005 , china 's first national economic and social development project was successfully completed .
in november of the same year , china 's 22 nd south pole inspection team left shanghai and left for the south pole mountain station for science and technology examination . it also will be completed in 2006 .
since it was the first time that china issued the first extreme investigation report , the " 2005 annual report on the polar development of china " also made a comprehensive analysis of the situation in which china was beginning to be an extreme in the early 1980 s .
according to the " report , " in 1983 , china formally joined the " treaty of the antarctic treaty " and became a member of the organization of the antarctic treaty , and became the first to discuss the antarctic treaty after consultation with the south pole science research committee .
in 1997 , china became the first to be a member of the north pole science committee , and won the right to speak and make decisions in the extreme international affairs .
the " report " points out : over the past 20 years , china 's ultra - low - level inspection has never ceased to be done , and has developed continuously . it has been initially built with the three - stop - - - - - - - - - the - beidan - - - the - beidan - - - the - yangtze - shing station built in february 1985 , the nanshan polystation built in february 1989 , and the north pol@@
the " report " statistics show that by the end of 2005 , china had organized 22 research projects for the antarctic science , with the theme of " swaying the earth with ice , " which is carried on the north polytechnic survey of the north polypolarity of the north polytechnic station , and so far more than 3,000 people have been inspected by the national team members to go to the north pole for inspection .
now , we are making efforts to build the third antarctic observation station , and also the first national scientific research center in the south pole .
sun zhighui said :
after 20 years of hard work ,
he said .
sun zhighui revealed that china will continue to publish an annual survey of the extreme importance of the matter .
china , japan hold talks on bilateral ties
xinhua news agency , harare , february 10 ( reporter zhou qianlong ) - cuban state council president castro met with visiting chinese vice president jiang zemin , who is currently on a visit in cuba on the 10th . both sides expressed the need to continuously strengthen cooperation in the fields of education , science and technology , and other fields .
castro warmly welcomed president chen zhili and state councilor tang jiaxuan 's visit to cuba .
he said that cuba and china have been very friendly and high - level visits have been frequent , and this has effectively promoted and strengthened the friendship and mutual understanding between the two sides , and hopes that the two countries will continue to deepen the mutually beneficial cooperation in various fields , including education and science and technology .
chen zhili said : cuba is the first latin american and caribbean region with important influence .
china and cuba have enjoyed good relations of friendship and contacts .
cuba is the first country to establish diplomatic relations with new china .
in the new century , under the joint efforts of leaders of the two countries , the two countries ' political mutual trust has been deepened day by day , and the spheres of cooperation have been constantly expanded , and mutual support and cooperation in international affairs have been deepened , and friendly sino - cuban relations have entered a new era of comprehensive development .
she believed that with the joint efforts of both sides , the friendly and cooperative relations between china and cuba will certainly be further consolidated .
chen zhili also pointed out : the chinese government has always attached importance to developing friendly and cooperative relations with cuba in the field of education .
in recent years , the two countries have witnessed increasingly close exchanges in education and personnel exchanges .
china actively supports the efforts made by the cuban side in holding international meetings and sent delegations to attend the previous world higher education conference and the 2005 2005 conference on eliminating illiteracy .
cuba 's basic education level is very high , and hopes that in the future it will further strengthen the exchange of relevant experience .
chen zhili said : china and cuba have made great progress in scientific and technological research and development . they can also promote the development of bilateral relations through cooperation in various fields .
the chinese side 's aid to cuba 's some scientific research equipment was hoped to provide a good service for cuba 's scientific research and production .
she also briefed castro on china 's strategy of invigorating the country through science and education and the national science and technology conference .
chen zhili arrived in cuba on a five - day official visit at the invitation of the cuban government . he started his official visit to cuba on 9 february local time .
on this occasion , chen zhili met with the cuban delegation of the cuban high - level education minister , vincent siew , and inspected the university of harvi science , university of kawaguchi , and the university of saint maria .
the beijing - kazakhstan highway accident has caused a total of 10 injuries and a number of injuries caused by the accident , which caused a traffic accident .
xinhua news agency , harbin , february 11th , by reporter shubin liang
according to the investigation by the duocheng city public security bureau police brigade , at 2300 on 10 april , a section of the 58 kilometers of the jingkazakhstan highway collided with one other vehicle and a vehicle that was carrying a car collided with one oil tanker and a oil vehicle . the oil tank was found to be in a cracks and the oil tank was loaded on the road .
it has been learned that the oil tank loaded with a production of coke - cans and was used to produce a total of 104 tons of oil .
the number of people who have been living in a small number of fish is very high , and at the same time , they are afraid that the vehicles have been buried in the past , and the departments concerned have closed the road to the accident .
harbin to move to double city
at present , relevant departments are investigating the scene , the cause of the accident is being investigated .
hk , macao to promote economic development
xinhua news agency , hong kong , february 11th , by reporter youjun zhang
and wong group 's general manager , mr fok - ning , said that although the italian cypriots had received the support of all the regulatory bodies on the public listing , the stock market had to be closed in the next few weeks .
at the same time , the current stock market in europe is weak , and the market may not necessarily be able to provide a three - fold italian fury at this moment .
in view of the fact that shareholders have the greatest interests , the time for listing on the stock market has been postponed .
as for when the remittance of shares will be listed on the stock market , huo said that it will depend on the future business conditions of the european telecommunications market .
he said : judging from the current situation and the current situation , the number of foreign enterprises involved in the three projects needs to be extensively conducted in italy so that global telecommunications investment markets will be more clearly understood .
according to reports from the media , three italian cattle coordination personnel , one of the investment banks of italy , agreed to invest a total of $ 4.2 billion in the sale of private bonds , and a market share of 104 percent of the total of the total amount of money spent by the end of march this year .
china , japan hold talks on china 's entry into wto beijing , june 29
xinhua news agency , yangon , february 12 , by reporter yunfei zhang
the director of the management ministry said : in recent years , the friendly and cooperative relationship between china and myanmar , which was established on the basis of the five principles of peaceful coexistence , has been consolidated and developed , and the exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been expanding and deepening , and economic and trade relations between the two countries have been constantly expanding and strengthening .
tang shubei said : the two countries ' high - level visits have been maintained , which has given a strong impetus to the development of bilateral economic and trade cooperation .
in 2004 , the high - level visits between the two countries were held in beijing , and the two sides signed 33 agreements on economic and trade cooperation , among which most of them were being implemented and implemented .
he said : in 2004 , the number of people who were elected by the united states reached $ 11.4 - billion , of whom china 's exports were 9.35 - billion , and the import was 2.74 - billion .
last year , the bilateral trade volume of china 's yunnan and myanmar reached $ 240 million , up from $ 240 million in 1994 .
tang said that myanmar and china have become important partners in the project .
chinese enterprises have made great progress in their engineering business in myanmar , which has brought along the development of china 's various types of mechanical and electrical products . myanmar has become china 's largest export base for manufacturing equipment and electrical products .
according to statistics from the chinese customs , in the past five years , the export volume of electromechanical products has accounted for 45.5 percent of china 's total exports to myanmar .
tang jiaxuan also said : the burmese government is rich in resources , and chinese companies have started investing in burmese petroleum and copper mine .
he hoped that chinese enterprises would have a long - term view , learn to avoid risks , and make careful decisions , and establish a good image of the enterprises , and obtain the necessary quality of the project , so that they can make good contributions to the country 's quest .
the director of the management and management of the wooden and tang shubei held that premier wen 's upcoming official visit to china is a major event in bilateral relations this year , and is of great significance to enhancing mutual political trust , promoting bilateral cooperation , and promoting the further development of good - neighborly and friendly relations between china and myanmar .
it is expected that during the visit , the two sides will sign several agreements on economic and trade cooperation .
the world bank plans to reduce or exempt the debt - to - debt ratio of the poorest countries
xinhua news agency , moscow , february 11th , by wolfowitz , president of the world bank , said in moscow on the 11th that the world bank would completely exempt from the debts of the poorest countries before the middle of this year .
wolfowitz said in moscow that day that he was very glad to meet with the finance ministers of the g - 8 .
he said in a statement issued after the meeting that the world bank would continue to provide the necessary assistance to the debt relief program before 1 july this year .
last year , the world bank donated $ 270 million to the world bank , which was completely dismissed by 28 countries , and said that it would fill the funds for the relevant trust fund .
the imf 's international monetary fund 's debt volume was less than the amount of money it had been earmarked by the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz 's decision to exempt russia from 16 african countries ' debts has also been welcomed .
gao qing 's digital television program was gradually becoming the mainstream in the united states .
xinhua news agency , new york , february 12 , by reporter xiaolin fan
the " falungong " cult , which has just fallen from the scene , has been raging the american bowl rock , and has become the first to be held in the us broadcasting industry to meet the warm - up of the high qing era .
according to the financial times , the us government has recently issued a bill to impose sanctions on the chinese government on the us broadcasting industry .
this means that the us tv program 's full digitization has already been clearly defined .
the sub - index of high resolution digital television was on the one hand dependent on consumers to buy tv sets , while on the other hand , it was necessary to provide high - level digital programs by the production agencies .
the digital television programme has been broadcast on the internet in the past few years , but has never become a reality .
this issue has been discussed this year .
according to the us consumer electronics association 's forecast , the number of digital television sets will increase by a large margin this year , and the number of computers will exceed the traditional tv sets , while 85.5 percent of the digital television sets will be high - resolution products .
japan 's research personnel developed a new - type highly efficient human kidney kidney and a kidney kidney kidney kidney .
xinhua news agency , tokyo , february 13th , by reporter zheng qian
according to the " nikkei industry news " a few days ago , the newly developed kidney kidney kidney mainly consists of two parts , and some of them are used to transmit subpottery and water diameter .
the number of people killed in the exercise was 1,200 yuan , and the number of people involved was 1,200 .
this kind of cells can enable many blood to be thoroughly dispensed , and the disease caused by multiple blood has been broken through .
in the past , the human kidney was transmitted through the repulsive system .
researchers used the hills to conduct bioenergy research and test - fire in the planet , and the human kidney - building cosmetic walls used in the middle - air silicon .
two weeks later , the researchers confirmed that the man - made kidney had been able to play its role .
at present , they are developing and using human kidney cells , and they are not in the form of testing the kidney 's credibility after verification .
china 's power production safety is still facing severe challenges
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 13th , by reporter chengan zhang
the state power regulatory commission vice president shi yubo pointed out at a national conference on electric power safety production held here today ( enlarged ) that the state power safety production commission ( nco ) will continue to provide a safe and safe production for china 's power generation to fulfill its tasks of storing electricity in summer 2005 , to ensure the safety of electricity , to actively respond to natural disasters , and to ensure the safety and stability of the power sector .
however , he pointed out that with the situation in electricity supply and demand , and the large number of new power generating units have been put into operation one after another , the production of electricity will face new challenges .
these challenges include regional and international fossils , the need for time - frame - for - time electricity supply , and the situation of supply and demand in some areas remain tight , and the lack of a benign mechanism for electricity supply has yet to come into shape , and at the same time , the quality of electricity has not been effectively controlled , and the impact of good electricity generation power generating units will be serious .
shi yubo said : with the deepening of reform of the power system , many deep - seated contradictions will continually be exposed , and how to maintain the stability of the worker ranks and ensure normal production order will become a new issue facing us .
in view of the situation in the safety of electricity production in 2006 , shi yubo said : we should further strengthen the management of the safety of electricity production and speed up the establishment and improvement of the mechanism for emergency management of electricity safety , and improve the ability to deal with emergencies , strengthen coordination and cooperation among power grid and jointly safeguard the safety of the power system , and continue to do a good job in supervising and managing the safety of the power station and in ensuring the safety of
it has been learned that in connection with the new situation in the management of electric power safety , the china power regulatory commission will conduct a survey on the investigation of power - generating accidents this year and the state power supply and power generating units will also be revised and improved . meanwhile , the safety of the water power stations and the supplementary documents on safety and protection for the second system of power supply will be issued one after another this year .
in 2005 , the total consumption of electricity in china reached 24.689 trillion kilowatts , up 13.9 percent over the same period last year .
in the face of the situation of electricity supply and demand , the coal , electricity , and transport problems are conspicuous , and various electric power enterprises have taken effective measures to strengthen the management of equipment . last year , the whole country 's power production did not have an extraordinarily large equipment accident .
the accident occurred on the fourth day of the year , which was 127 more than the same period last year , while 427 accidents involving equipment were recorded , which was 132 less than the same period last year .
the south african public relations officer in beijing said that south africa does not have any problem of organized crimes committed by chinese citizens in south africa .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 13th , by reporter jiangang wang
he also said that south africa will do its best to crack down on all forms of crimes .
the company 's investment in south africa is expected to increase by 23.4 percent to 27.5 percent , the official said .
since 2006 , the chinese government has made a total of four chinese citizens have been killed in south africa , and the chinese world has expressed its strong support for this .
chinese foreign ministry has made solemn representations to south africa on this and reminded the chinese and south african citizens to further enhance their awareness of security and guard against possible risks .
i am very happy to see the family members of the victims .
the company 's investment in the construction of the project is very much less than the cost of the project .
according to a briefing given by the chinese embassy in south africa , the south african police have successfully cracked the case of chinese women 's chen jianqing , a chinese woman in fujian , in south africa on 5 february , and a suspect was arrested .
at present , the police are hunting another suspect .
according to a report by the south african embassy in china , the case of a hong kong businessman who was suspected of shooting hong kong businessmen in january this year was arrested by the south african police and the victim 's property was recovered .
on china 's citizens ' death , jiang zemin said : the chinese government has made solemn representations to the us government and the chinese government on the incident .
according to the south african embassy tourism commissioner , benitez , the embassy only opened a temporary tourist destination of more than 2,000 chinese in the first 15 days of this year .
according to a chinese official statistics , the south african country 's gross domestic product ( gdp ) in 2005 will continue to maintain its status as the largest trading partner in africa .
the bilateral trade volume reached 72.7 - billion us dollars , up 23.9 percent over the same period last year .
however , the tourism industry believes that the year 2004 has witnessed a series of incidents of chinese citizens being killed , which have caused serious harm to the number of chinese tourists traveling to south africa .
according to the statistics of the south african tourism bureau , the number of chinese tourists traveling to south africa in the first half of 2005 was 231 , a decrease of 14.9 percent over the same period last year .
at present , the number of chinese living in south africa is about 200,000 , and the number of people living in south africa is around the country .
analysts here believe that the south african social gap is widening , and the unemployment rate is high , and guns are spreading , and there is no deterrent against death penalty . therefore , the crime rate is high .
because many chinese do not understand english , they have a common sense of cash and a good life at home , they are easier to become the targets of the criminal who seeks to make money .
hk , macao to promote hk 's job - seekers
xinhua news agency , hong kong , february 13th , by the hong kong special administrative region government , the 13th scheme of operation of ielts , was launched to enable more of the workforce to raise the standard of english .
this is a new type of english , a good life , and a life of life .
up to now , the scheme has provided about 250,000 people with a total of 23,000 workplace english training courses , which will enable them to meet the relevant workforce standard of english in hong kong .
hong kong 's workplace english campaign is the first time the sar government launched in 2000 .
the number of students in the workplace english campaign is one of the major projects to provide workplace english training .
the scheme aims to help the government to use the english language to help the employees in work and to participate in the designated international business english examination , which will help to achieve their relevant working standards .
hebei 's aids testing and control system for free - of - free operation
xinhua news agency , shijiazhuang , february 14 , by reporter zhiyong dong dong
the " plan " clearly defines the responsibility of hebei province in voluntary consultation and testing of aids : aids antibodies testing and consultation , and free treatment of aids antibody testing and consultation , and voluntary and notification of the situation , and the testing and consultation of aids antibody testing and secrecy , and not appraisal of the relevant behaviors of the seeking advisory , and the treatment of the legitimate rights and interests of aids patients .
the " plan " demands that the aids advisory and testing point be set at a convenient location for the consulting , and to provide the necessary conditions for the protection of the privacy of the consulting , it is necessary to have a single room to conduct a single - handedly consultation .
the information on the front should be fully considered as the personal quality of the person , and the knowledge of the person should be used to exchange .
to protect the rights of the protected consular workers , the inspection and testing single can use codes or numbers to register .
the " plan " also demands that the health departments at and above the county level and above be in the local media to announce the situation of the area 's voluntary health health service for free health examination and consultation services , and to help the masses understand the relevant information .
the ministry of public security has issued a warning to the police officers who are still the focus of their work .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 14 , by reporter na meng
the inspectors ' work focus is to prevent the occurrence of these problems .
he also pointed out that some international organizations have been very cautious about the situation of law enforcement by the chinese police .
the ministry of public security 's latest information on 14 july showed that the public security ministry has issued four special documents on public security organs ' implementation of detaining measures for retaining cadres in 2002 , which stipulates that " the public security organs shall apply the rules for continuing interrogations " to ensure that the public security organs at the grassroots level will be able to provide appropriate measures for the application of interrogations in accordance with the law .
since 1997 , in order to deepen the three - tier management ( namely , the task of harnessing torture , extorting confessions by torture , and using firearms and ammunition to control unlawful abuse , public security organs ' police inspectors have persisted in going deep into police stations to conduct the patrol of the police sergeant , the police station , and the public security and regulatory unit on law enforcement at the grassroots level , and they have been concerned about the safety of citizens
and to prevent and deal with law enforcement problems from the source , police inspectors have further extended their enforcement inspection and inspection tours to strengthen the protection of the use of pyrotechnic files , including the use of 110 - 110 - 112 - 132 - 132 - 132 - 132 - 132 - 132 - 134 - 132 - 131 - 132 - 132 - 132 - 132 - 131 - 132 -
hk , macao to promote economic development hong kong , march 16
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 15 , taipei sources said that chen shui - bian , who once served as honorary chairman of the taiwan strait exchange foundation , was also sent to the mainland for medical treatment due to acute muscle obstruction and failure . he was elected president of the taiwan strait exchange foundation in the early morning of 15 february .
sun yun - hsuan was born in beijing on 11 november 1913 .
it was the first time that the kmt 's 10 th to 13 th cpc central committee , and the 11 th cppcc national committee member and the 14 th central committee 's appraisal committee was approved by cppcc member yu youyi , chairman of the presidium and member of the 15 th central committee .
he was once a member of the taiwan authorities ' department of transportation , department head , and head of the department of economics , and other personnel .
heilongjiang promotes the construction of the songhua river water pollution ecological environment , assesses and reviews measures
xinhua news agency , harbin , february 16th , by reporter tao
this reporter learned from the environmental protection bureau of heilongjiang province that the state environmental protection administration has led the group to organize the songhua river major pollution incident ecological environmental impact assessment and countermeasures .
at present , there are 10 provinces , autonomous regions , and municipalities in heilongjiang , totaling more than 60 people , undertaking 14 research topics .
it was learned that the environmental protection department and relevant scientific research institutes will conduct research on five special topics , namely , emergency environmental evaluation and countermeasures , in an effort to resolve the problems of the people 's urgent concern first .
these include the control of the main features of the pollutant concentration of pollutants and the forecast of the total discharge volume of pollutants from the country , the evaluation of the safety of songhua river water products in the south china sea , the decentralized use of water , and the safety of underground water , and the evaluation of the safety of water supply in cities , the emergency technical plan for clean water supply , and the study of residues of pollutants
heilongjiang province 's environmental protection department will also intensify the construction of the environment along the songhua river , seriously investigate and deal with illegal pollution and illegal construction , and severely punish environmental pollution .
heilongjiang will send environmental law enforcement personnel to supervise and urge all localities to carry out comprehensive management of the environment in small rivers , improve the system of water supply for the yashi river , such as the rusan river , and other environmental management systems .
the beijing university 's opening hall was opened to the public to offer condolences to wang xuan , an academician of the beijing university .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 15 , by reporter jiangtao li
at 8:00 in the morning , the opening hours of the hearings were not yet over , and several dozen people were waiting outside the gate .
the reporter saw at the grand gathering marking the 100 th anniversary of the beijing university that the atmosphere was very warm on the wall of the hall .
the horizontal site is a large piece of wang xuan , a dozen square meters . he wearing a dark - looking glimpse , appeared to be smiling , and was a kind of confucius .
the remains of the remains were placed on both sides of the ruins , and several hundred trees were placed on the side of the tree .
one of the highlights of the event was the " red force " of the qin sheng - sheng - tang glorious chinese " .
the hearty hall was filled with sorrow , with a heavy atmosphere .
the memorial crowd was filled with a smile of the leaders and teachers of the university of beijing , and wang xilin , a friend of wang xilin , a boy , and many other people who have never seen him .
some of them have won the bronze medals with their hands , some have set up the baskets , and every person has taken with the bloom and the flower of the chest to take the remains of wang xuan 's father .
many people have been unable to endure the warm - up tears .
he was once the director of the state cultural bureau .
hefei wang xuan 's heart was cured by the people who were the students of our studies . he made a contribution to the country and society .
the beijing university law school , jin ruilin ,
the first day he was discharged , he insisted on coming to contact with old friends and friends .
mr. jin 's words in his written speech have left us with the restraints that he cannot resist his own pessimistic treatment , and he has repeatedly taken paper to take out his sad .
he told reporters that wang xuan 's life was very frugal .
later he moved to the old city of the city of zaiza , where he lived in 70 square meters , and was also over 10 years .
the beijing university has given him a large number of academicians in the barracks , and more than 140 square meters of large house , he does not want to provide him with high - level housing , and he does not want to do so .
mr. jin , in a deep mood , recalled that wang xuan had been abroad for a long time .
the guy was born in 1967 , and he insisted that he had not applied for an academician , and that he was only able to fill out the form after he had many mobilization efforts .
the honourable mr jones said that he was deeply impressed by the importance of wang xuan to cultivate young people , and that he emphasized many times that now i still have any achievements , not just looking at myself , but should depend on the cultivation of young people .
mr. jin said : 50 years old , i was a young man .
the reason why the guy has been very successful in this regard is that it is very difficult to get it out .
this reporter has learned from the beijing university news center that from the morning of 15 february to the noon of 19 february ,
the " red force " of the sun of the century , which was praised as the " baptist " of the chinese academy of sciences , " the " chinese academy of engineering " , was a famous chinese academy of engineering , and was not completely naive because of medical treatment . on 13 february , he died in beijing and was in hospital at a age of 70 .
chinese , russian fms hold talks beijing , march 29
wu bangguo attended the signing ceremony and delivered a speech at the signing ceremony .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 15 , by reporter rong rong
the chinese npc and the chilean parliament exchange mechanism have been officially established .
it has been learned that the chilean senate president rodriguez and the senate speaker arsenal aseo held a meeting in santiago , capital of chile .
according to the agreement , the two sides will strengthen their cooperation in the economic and trade fields in accordance with the principles defined in the communique on the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and chile , and the two sides will set up a dialogue committee to hold regular meetings to jointly promote the comprehensive development of bilateral relations .
chilean ambassador to china kaleala kalekala attended the signing ceremony .
china will introduce a new system of protection of the right to information network dissemination .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 15 , by reporter wei wei li
wang ziqiang said : according to the existing laws and regulations , newspapers and periodicals have published their works , so long as the authors do not use the word of the story , the newspapers and periodicals can not approve the use of the work , and at the same time , the state copyright bureau has formulated special regulations on the transfer of newspapers and periodicals in accordance with the law .
however , according to the existing law , the number of people who have been reported to the publishing house has been entitled to this statutory license , and the internet is not entitled to this statutory right now .
according to the decision made by the supreme people 's court , the newspapers and periodicals that have been issued legal license can apply to the internet , that is , the publication of the short article on the internet , and the author did not make any statement of the word of the word " unwritten , " the internet can not be used without permission , and the payment of the pay for the payment of the payment of the payment of the payment of the payment of the payment of the payment
however , due to judicial explanations on the remuneration standards , the government has not yet made any regulations on the use of these works in the internet .
the " internet " is a very important content of the internet use of these short works .
wang ziqiang said : the problem of whether it should be included in the scope of legal definition and whether it should be included in the scope of information network dissemination right promulgated this year .
us rates on 30 - year mortgages averaged 5.4 percent
xinhua news agency , moscow , february 15 , by reporter shiyi song
the russian state duma ( lower house ) affairs committee chairman kofi kokohin made a statement on the same day on the duma 's resolution on the russian peacekeeping forces .
he stressed that the g8 resolution has made russia and georgia have a " more and more sensitive " direction of deteriorating relations .
he said that the greek side is satisfied with the accusations of russia .
the georgian parliament passed a resolution that day , calling on the russian peacekeeping forces to stop their military actions in the southern ossetia , but it did not confirm the specific time for the withdrawal of russian peacekeeping troops .
the georgian parliament criticized the russian peacekeeping personnel for not fulfilling their duties and handed over the russian peacekeeping forces to the united states as their sinister attempt to swallow the region .
the georgian parliament demanded that the government take positive actions to consider the possibility of a military withdrawal in the south ossetia clash region .
the georgian parliament also criticized the government for revising the treaty on the entry of russian peacekeeping personnel into the clash region .
the south ossetia is a autonomous state of georgia , and it is a place with the russian northern ossetia .
the soviet union was disintegrated , and it announced its independence and had long been in a confrontation with the central government of georgia .
at present , russia has already deployed more than 1,500 troops in the region .
this unit was based on the russian - georgian border of 1992 , the ossitius of osaka , ossetia , and entered into the country .
the liaoyuan hospital was in full swing with four responsible persons , who were suspected of major accidents , and will be charged with the crime of being involved in major responsibility .
xinhua news agency , changchun , february 16th , by reporter liquan zhou
in december 15 , 2005 , the liaoyuan city 's largest hospital , the jiujie hospital , was killed and the final cause of death was 39 .
in this fire , the police officers and men who had passed away with fire were more than 5,000 square meters .
it has been learned that this is the first time that the medical and health system has undergone a major change since the founding of new china .
according to investigations , on the 16th , the police officers and men of the central hospital of liaoyuan city suddenly stopped and stopped their power , and they were able to stop and change the power supply line in accordance with the circuit design of the hospital .
and at that time , the underground cables of the smoke were damaged , and more than 10 cables were wrapped up in the same way , and like such cables , they should be very tied up and placed in a very complete manner .
therefore , 57 - year - old liaoyuan city textile company 's electric installation team leader zhao yongchun was in the liaoyuan electric bureau .
china 's rural tourism industry begins to grow in the first place in tianlong , tuen mun
xinhua news agency , guiyang , february 16th , by reporter xinrong shi
at 10 : 30 in the morning , the five - pronged year event ended , and the young man , wearing a dark - coloured shirt , zheng peiqin , sang the chinese village tourism song of the first tourist tour of guizhou , was sounded .
tin lung mun village
as a member of the chinese people 's political consultative conference , he was very happy to have a chance to get a foot - and - mouth of the old man in the ming dynasty .
here , i can see that the chinese people , wearing a gateway of big gateway , have long - sleeved blue sandy , ancient han culture and ornamental life in tuen mun village .
it has been learned that the tianlong village has relied on this cultural tradition to develop its own culture and culture and tourism in rural areas since 2002 . the income is only about 380 million yuan in 2005 , and the entire village has 47,000 peasant households through catering for drinking , drinking , and other tourist products .
guizhou provincial tourism administration director yang shengming and director li jingrong said : following the opening of the first tourist tour in tianlong , tuen mun , the new rural tourism project was launched by xinzheng xinzheng , which is the theme of new wind and wind blowing . guizhou 's various rural tourism activities this year will reach 35 .
so far , there have been over 130 villages in guizhou , and many villages have been opened to the public by 2005 .
in january , 70 percent of the houses in the country rose 5.5 percent , and shanghai 's real estate prices continued to fall .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 16th , by reporter zheng liu
shanghai 's housing prices continued to decline .
the state 's development and reform commission , the national bureau of statistics , released on 16 june , statistics show that 70 large and medium - sized cities have sold a large portion of housing prices a little earlier this month , and hashimi 's rate has increased by more than 10 percent , while shanghai 's housing sales prices have continued to fall by a small margin , which was 0.04 percent lower than the same period last year .
the same number of statistics shows that last year 's total exports of shanghai 's housing units increased by 23.4 percent over the same period last year , and that in the second half of last year , the prices of small - scale housing sales dropped by a little over the same period last year .
on january this year , 70 large and medium - sized cities have set prices for new housing sales , up 6.9 percent over the same period last year , and the rate of increase has fallen 0.2 percentage points from the previous month .
new commodities are more than double - digit .
the organization department demanded that the leading cadres and cadres be further strengthened in selecting and appointing leading cadres .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 16th , the central organization department recently published and distributed opinions on strengthening cadre supervision work .
the opinion demanded that organization departments at all levels should proceed from the overall situation of strictly managing and caring for cadres , and should carry out cadre supervision through the practice of examining cadres ' practice of cultivating , educating , examining , and appointing cadres at all levels .
the opinion pointed out : organizing the work of supervising cadres in the organization departments is to supervise leading bodies and leading cadres , and the focus is to strengthen supervision over the principal responsible persons of the leading bodies ; and second , supervision over the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres of the party and government organizations , with emphasis on grasping the implementation of the " regulations on the selection and appointment of leading cadres of the party and government . "
in the process of conducting education on the leading groups and leading cadres , the opinions put forward , and we should make unremitting efforts to educate the masses on ideals and convictions and to educate them on combating corruption and promoting clean government .
the new promotion of cadres should be conducted in a timely manner and be conducted in a strict manner .
we should supervise leading bodies at all levels to uphold democratic centralism , establish and improve rules and procedures for making decisions on matters involving idiac , conscientiously implement the principle of integrating collective leadership with individual responsibility .
we should give prominence to the work of supervising and managing leading bodies and leading cadres , organize the responsible persons of departments ( personnel ) to frequently contact with principal responsible persons of the leading groups at the lower level , and understand the work style of thinking , doing things , and so on .
establish and improve the system of day - to - day management and supervision of leading cadres , and regularly conduct an understanding and analysis of the ideological and work style of the leading cadres , and put forward opinions and measures for resolving problems .
the practice of admonishing and exchanging the cadres and the system of making the lectures and letters to the leading cadres should be thoroughly checked and corrected in a timely manner .
we should give full play to the outstanding problems that the masses have reflected , and we should conscientiously investigate and understand the problems , and give criticism and education to the problems that are really problems that are really caused by problems . this will constitute a transfer of the law enforcement organ for discipline and law enforcement , and appropriate measures should be taken to clarify the problems that have not been solved through investigation .
at the same time , we should combine strengthening supervision with encouraging cadres to boldly explore new ways and innovate , and pay attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the opinions demanded : the organization and personnel departments at all levels should effectively strengthen the leadership over the party and government leading cadres in selecting and appointing cadres .
further improve the system of recommending cadres to be nominated by cadres , discuss matters of common concern , and other links , and strictly implement the selection and appointment of cadres in order to provide a reliable guarantee for the work of relieving the old cadres from the wrong work , and to make the work of improving the work style of work .
we should strengthen the supervision and inspection of the situation of the enforcement of the regulations on appointing cadres , and strictly investigate and handle those who violate the regulations on appointing cadres , resolutely check unhealthy trends and corrupt phenomena in the use of cadres .
the system of personnel management in violation of regulations and the system of supervision and inspection for personnel management has been implemented , and the supervision and management of the work has been strengthened .
establish and improve a mechanism for selecting and appointing cadres
and give full play to the role of supervision by the masses , establish and perfect a system of effective reporting on safety and efficiency .
give full play to the role of public opinion supervision , and report to the media about the work of selecting and appointing cadres at a timely time and accept public opinion supervision .
the opinions have proposed that we should further improve the system of coordinating and coordinating cadre supervision work .
organizing ( personnel )
and in conjunction with the discipline inspection organs to conscientiously do a good job in inspection work , improve inspection methods , and improve the inspection system .
together with the auditing organs , they have conscientiously implemented the system of auditing economic responsibility of leading cadres .
and improve the organizational system for selecting and appointing cadres .
hk , macao to promote cross - strait peace hong kong , march 29
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 16th , by reporter jianyi chen
taiwan 's chung - kuo shih - pao reported that this was the first time chen shui - bian [ chen shuibian ] dished out the management of plugging , effective opening up of cross - strait economic and trade policies . the taiwan authorities have imposed a penalty on taiwan businessmen 's investment in the mainland .
it was reported that the taiwan side invested in the examination of the tujia - jiufu company , saying that the joint stock company was punished because it violated the regulations on relations between the people on both sides of the strait , and the regulations on investment or technological cooperation in the mainland region .
in the future , the trial of the liver will be conducted in accordance with the situation . former chairman cao xingcheng and others , and others will be punished .

he was then chairman of the board of directors of the current joint - stock company , and then openly stated that the united telecom did not violate any regulations of the taiwan authorities , and that the united telecommunications corporation provided assistance to the company in the long - term interests of the united microelectronics . if it did not enter the mainland market as soon as possible , it would lose the opportunity to enter the mainland market .
after that , the taiwan authorities ' financial supervisory and management committee tried to cover up the situation of the disclosure of commercial information and made a penalty to the united telecommunications corporation for the three - million new taiwan dollars .
2006
the united telecom and the taiwan plastics company ( called the " cement of the tubes " ) have also claimed that the two - story cattle of taiwan 's chieftain high - tech enterprises are the leading enterprises on the island .
the taiwan authorities have been adopting a series of measures to deal with the united telecommunications corporation in the past year , and have been highly concerned by people of all walks of life on the island .
hk , macao to promote hk 's second largest
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 17th , by reporter kun li
this scattered article was a large - scale event jointly organized by the macao foundation and the 100 - flowers publishing house .
in 2004 , the return of macao to the motherland was a grand event of the fifth anniversary of the handover of the motherland .
the macao foundation executive , wu zhiliang , said in a press conference on 17 august that last year , the total number of such cases in the history of macao was listed as the world cultural heritage list , which not only implies that the people of macao have long lived modes and community management modes , but also implies that the chinese nation is different from the world , and the chinese nation is different from the old and friendly .
" we are pleased to see that the government has made great efforts to promote the development of the macao foundation and the hundred flowers publishing houses , " wu zhiliang said .
it was learned that the competition was held in the first place on 1 september this year , and the " zigzang " foreign edition will open a special column to send the entries .
the results of the appraisal were published , and will be announced in early 2007 at the macao sar .
shandong successfully implemented a series of new infants ' heart transplants .
xinhua news agency , jinan , february 17th , by reporter yuzhen shen
the reporter saw on the 17th that the patient was in a serious medical surveillance room , and that 51 days after the operation , all the monitoring and inspection targets were normal .
according to the report of the medical treatment that day , this patient from the tai'an rural area in shandong was sent to the hospital .
the heart transplants are the heart transplants that are most difficult to bear in heart operations .
in particular , under the age of 1 , the heart transplanted surgery is currently in china .
the jinan military region 's institute of blood and illness organized experts to repeatedly explain the matter and carefully designed the operation and operation methods .
in december 28 , 2005 , at 8 : 00 am , the operation began .
the heart is from the heart of a patient who has been killed in an orange lung .
the operation should be in line with the six - root blood , and it should be combined with more than 5,10 injections , and every single - line injection is less than three mm .
295 minutes later , the operation was successfully completed .
the state security and control commission [ sasac ] has cracked down on serious and serious accidents such as coal mines , and has issued many serious accidents this year as the most important task of this year .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 17th , by reporter zheng liu
the reporter learned from the state safety production safety supervision and management bureau on 17 august that to truly curb the occurrence of major and serious accidents such as coal mines , the coal mine is the most important .
this year 's coal mine safety and safety supervision bureau will do the following three things :
the
walling this year will be the first to drive the ice to the bottom .
if gawati 's mine does not have any record of drilling , then it will be a matter of course that requires the immediate suspension of production .
the
we should give full play to the 5246 public notice , and the various localities have recently issued a notice of 700 million yuan to the mine .
we should regard the closure of enterprises as regular work and should continuously close down those enterprises that have caused pollution of resources and caused unnecessary pollution .
the " red force " has strengthened the basic management of coal mine safety .
it is necessary to immediately correct the phenomenon of stopping a small number of large state - owned mines from sliding and guiding the chaotic small mines to establish a standardized safety management system .
in particular , we should focus on key state - owned coal mines , and absolutely not allow superpower to overthrow extracting excessive tutorial personnel .
this year 's safety production control indicators demand that all types of accidents in the country be more serious than last year , among which the coal mine has declined by 3.5 percent .
once a ten - year - old man died , he was killed and several injured .
these control targets have been assigned to various provincial people 's governments and localities are now making efforts to separate the whole country from one level to another .
statistics show that in 2005 , the number of people killed in the coal mine accident nationwide was 5986 , a decrease of 0.779 percent compared with the same period last year .
however , once a 10 - year - old accident occurred , the victims were still missing , and the number of victims rose 66.6 percent compared with the same period last year .
us rates on 30 - year mortgages averaged 5.5 percent in kosovo
xinhua news agency , belgrade , february 17 , by reporter yi he
barroso and his wife met with the president of the kuwaiti interim government , mr kevin koreshige , and other media on the same day . they said that the parties concerned in kosovo should adopt a tolerant attitude and establish a democratic and multiethnic kosovo , a just and rational international political regime that respects the government 's power and protects the rights and interests of ethnic minorities , was recognized by the international community .
he also stressed that the eu commission will do its best to help kosovo 's development .
barroso also expressed his appreciation for the efforts made by kosovo in implementing the un 's eight - point standards on the democratic process in kosovo .
he said that these standards are very important factors affecting the peace and stability of kosovo and europe .
he also called on all the parties in kosovo to take part in the kosovo war .
barroso arrived in beijing on the same day to attend the un millennium summit in kosovo , where he will be in session .
earlier , barcelono visited china and croatia .
( winter olympics )
xinhua news agency , duhin , february 17 , by reporter zhouye
xinhua news agency reporter gao ying , ding ying ,
although the italian government has repeatedly issued an order , the winter olympics in duham was discovered during the time when the doping athletes were using stimulants .
duan winter olympics is a scene of the opening ceremony on 16 june .
the international olympic committee announced the next day that the muslims were sent out of the winter olympics , and she was sent to the olympic committee for a winter parade at this winter olympics .
the world 's second winter championships opened in the same day .
the us government has consistently demanded that the athletes should not be allowed to take part in the olympic games , and that they should be eliminated and be revoked .
however , according to italian laws , the athletes and the use of stimulants are belonging to crimes , and the judiciary has the right to directly arrest and investigate the use of stimulants ,
on the eve of the olympic games , the international olympic committee and the italian government announced the opening of the conference of the ioc and the italian government in december last year . the two sides agreed to conduct a comprehensive review of the olympic games in accordance with the italian law during the winter olympics .
after the international olympic committee 's unremitting efforts , the italian side has made a successful conclusion in the four days before the opening of the winter olympics , pledging that the police would not enter the olympic village to search for the athletes ' locations , but the drug inspection team still has a positive response to the italian procuratorial authorities ' investigation .
it is reported that the italian government is supervising the construction of the winter olympics , and the italian government is now considering sending a delegation to the country .
however , the ioc and the pertinent international olympic committee have not yet been confirmed .
the russian winter journal , which is the second team , has been named the first group of soldiers in the russian military , said an official with the russian military affairs department .
he has been a member of the world anti - doping agency for many years , and has been a member of the chinese sports association for many years . he said that once the repatriation of the repatriation is finally possible , it will be impossible to make a final decision .
shi kangcheng said : the ioc and the italian government have held a meeting in the winter olympic games on anti - doping efforts .
according to the previous agreement , italy 's athletes have to be used to treat the disease .
therefore , the italian antarctic news agency senior correspondent pierre pierre said that the sending of repatriated rewards was very likely to be a mere formality .
pierre also said that although italy 's courts can carry out a default , the italian police have not been able to go abroad to send the repatriated troops to the country .
if the guerrilla refused to accept the verdict , the italian side also took her to no avail .
the comprehensive news : the new epidemic site continues to emerge from all countries in the world to strictly prevent the spread of the disease by all countries .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 18 , by reporter zaixi of the xinhua news agency , the further spread of avian influenza on the african continent .
the who said on the 17th that egypt had three confirmed bird flu cases in three areas , which had killed in the country .
in europe , france also has for the first time discovered five kinds of bird flu virus , and europe 's high vigilance , and strengthened the prevention of epidemic diseases .
the who 's eastern mediterranean advisor h. sanatra said on 17 november that egypt had already found a bird flu outbreak in central egypt .
experts pointed out that egypt is an important country in the middle east and north africa to migrate to the other side of the world , and that the migratory birds may be brought into the country by migratory birds .
egypt has announced that it has banned the import of live poultry from abroad and has strengthened the quarantine of border ports .
cameroon capital jakarta ,
cameroon decided to immediately suspend the import of poultry from the country 's nigeria where bird flu epidemic has occurred .
the cameroon government also announced the establishment of a new office covering all the border areas within a short time , and the panama city center of the country and the national veterinary medical laboratory have also been in an emergency and have been able to carry out the activities of collecting the 51-1 virus at any time .
in europe , denmark and sweden , on the 17th , the epidemic was initially ruled out .
sweden 's veterinary institute released a new list of bird flu cases this wednesday , which had caused the death of more than 30 people in sweden .
danish veterinary authority announced on wednesday that the country 's veterinary department had found a bird flu outbreak of 30 deaths in denmark .
however , the agricultural department said that denmark could not take it lightly .
the romanian economy has been growing at a rate of about 15 percent since the beginning of this year , the world health organization ( who ) said in bucharest on the 17th that the region of the danube river has had avian influenza , and that it must be seriously dealt with this situation . romania may , within three or five years , continuously be threatened by avian influenza .
in asia , bangladesh government has taken all measures to help the poor to prevent avian influenza .
government 's domestic livestock services bureau provides the relevant officials with a view to preventing avian influenza , and also organized poultry feed workers to conduct training .
( selected newspaper )
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 18 , according to the blood center of zhejiang province , the first chinese data management network for sharing blood data has recently officially established and invested in the center .
the blood center in zhejiang province said that this implies that any citizen will be able to live in any county ( city ) in zhejiang in the future .
the responsible person further explained that the united states would not be able to use the relevant coding record to demonstrate the inability of the innocent blood to die after a interval of the time .
this is not only a way to protect the flesh and blood of the devotees themselves , but also a way to effectively protect the health and safety of the blood - haired .
in addition , when blood supply is tense , the blood donors and their relatives have the right to use blood , so long as you import blood donors ' effective document , you can immediately demonstrate your sincerity and ability to make blood donors .
according to a report by hangzhou morning news , at present , this information system has been installed in all 36 enterprises in the province , and the number of people who have been selected for blood donation has increased by more than 30 percent .
to prevent the recurrence of hill landslide , 11 villages in the philippines urgently evacuated from the philippines .
xinhua news agency , manila , february 18 , philippine local officials said on the 18th that the 11 villages in the eastern philippines had been fighting a series of terrorist attacks against the landslide .
the president of the republic of yugoslavia , mr norway ryaleksandr , said that the village and the 17 th mountain skating occurred on the same day , and the village was located in the same area .
the withdrawal of 11 of the village 's residents was to be resettled in seven villages .
lesoyo said : the government yesterday ordered the residents to evacuate yesterday , and today sent people to inspect the village , because some people do not want to leave their home .
on the 17th , the mountain landslide occurred in the southern province of saint soeberg town of sandenberg . the incident took place from the television screen , the quagmire and rocks were covered by the entire village , and only several people were seen on the roof .
as the quagmire is very thick and humidity is very heavy , the dust of people buried below can survive very little .
currently , there are 109 people dead and 104 others have been confirmed .
it is estimated that the accident has caused a death toll of as high as 1,800 .
( overseas chinese , overseas chinese , ethnic chinese ) fujian 's quanzhou county , fujian province , in the first half of this year , exports increased by 35.2 percent over the same period last year .
xinhua news agency , fuzhou , february 19 ,
according to statistics from the customs , in january , quanzhou realized export volume of 3.3 billion us dollars , making the best record in history , increasing by 35.2 percent over the same period last year , and higher than the average growth rate of the whole province .
according to a report from the foreign economic and trade bureau of quanzhou city , in january , the growth rate of foreign trade in quanzhou was mainly attributed to the rapid growth in the role of many foreign trade support services in quanzhou , with the enterprises ' enthusiasm for export , the quanzhou economy was active , the enterprise 's operational confidence was enhanced , and the highly - efficient foreign trade development environment was unimpeded .
