white house urges the early dispatch of nuclear inspectors to monitor north korea 's nuclear reactor
the white house today called for the dispatch of nuclear inspectors to monitor the north 's nuclear reactor and the white house made the announcement after us president bush and south korean president roh moo - hyun talked over the phone .
white house national security council spokesman cheo cheuk - keung said that the two leaders discussed today the us - south korea nuclear cooperation on the north korean nuclear issue and also hoped that the international atomic energy agency would return to the dprk soon to take the initiative to monitor the nuclear reactor .
cheuk - cheuk pointed out that the two presidents also expressed their satisfaction with the recent us - south korea free trade agreement and will work to ensure the approval of this agreement by the two countries ' congress .
experts believe that in the past 20 years , pyongyang has had a full - fledged nuclear weapon , and it has sufficient nuclear weapons to manufacture 12 nuclear weapons .
hill , the us special envoy for the six - party talks , said after a nuclear test in pyongyang that he expected the yongbyon reactor would be closed in mid - july .
the quake hit 43 people in western india
the rainstorm in western india was hit by torrential rains on weekend , and in some regions , the western city of the western part of the country was in a state of vertical control .
the rescue officials said today that the spill caused 43 deaths .
every six to september , the magic rain of the magnitude of the wind often leads to india , a country with a population of 1 billion , flooding into the flood , and even casualties .
this haze of the mud and the water of half of the victims were drowned by floods , while other cases were caused by the failure of houses or the use of electric power .
the indian financial center was also well under its spell .
in the 29 years alone , the spying of the powered powered powered powered powered powered powered powered powered powered powered powered by the powered spine , the mud , and the powered roar .
the leader of the executive yuan , barzak , said that 13 deaths were recorded in the single spell .
officials from the city government called on citizens to take precautions against the rainy day to protect their own safety .
yesterday , the rain was slightly thin , most of the areas were still flooded everywhere .
nearly 500 killed in indian floods
according to reports by officials and media , this year , the number of deaths caused by the haze rain in india has climbed to 4:00 .
the indian news trust quoted the government 's management and reconstruction of kadan as saying today that india 's foreign affairs departments have been successively entering the border for the last week , and the losses of the local casualties and economic losses are only the main force of india 's first largest city , the state of ramallah , which is in india . now , the number of deaths has reached 300,000 .
the report said that qadan was a " very good news " from reporters when he inspected the company .
he said that at the same time , it is the largest cotton production site in india , and the entire ocean is a vast area , with 27 cotton production plants , including some ornaments , which are seriously under the current situation , and more than 10,000 disaster victims are being detained in the custody .
india is a whole territory from the south to the north , and it has entered the river one week ago . the residents of all provinces have been in the state of mind to greet the rain with a long - time drought and have been busy greeting the rain . however , once the rain is drizzling , the highway becomes a hot spot , the water in low - lying areas is paralyzed , and the statistics have been released to date about 500 people have died because of mis@@
the world 's top - level brass cyber game , jonzy , has come to the finals
the red earth king of spain , nazi , today is the fourth - time men 's singles competition , which is a very popular among the men 's four teams , because of their lack of fighting for the injuries , the rotary club of the world , and the brush , the world 's top player , mike de la rui , the swiss championship in the final , will play a role in the french tiger battle .
georgovich 's victory in the 16 th and the 8 th teams was the first time that the security guard was sent to the scene after the match .
the fourth seed georgian kovic retreat , which used to be three to six , four to one , one leading second seed , to win .
apart from the warm - up machine , nazi was also a victim of the failure of the hot - air plane , and the two - thirds war situation was also on the side of the other side .
satellite shows iran 's tapping tunnel is likely to be a key factor in protecting nuclear facilities
the us think tank science and international security research institute reported today that commercial satellites have shown that iran is currently uranium enrichment facilities near the nazis uranium enrichment facility , and may be used to make a comprehensive and accurate assessment of the nuclear equipment when it is attacked .
these are the most popular things that are determined by the us , the world 's largest , and the world 's most advanced technology , and the world 's most advanced technology , software , and software .
the research institute is located in washington , where it is a non - profit research organization .
the pellets of the nazis are only about one kilometer south of the nazis facilities , and the construction of the facilities is a uranium enrichment plant .
analysts , albright and bruce , also expressed their concern over the situation .
they said : a gray of throat is being dug into the mountain , and the tunnel facilities will play a very good role in protecting the environment when air strikes .
un envoy holds nuclear talks with iran
the un international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) deputy director general hannin held talks with iranian officials in a bid to resolve the iranian nuclear issue , the un official said here today .
however , iranian president ahmadinejad has been increasing pressure on the further sanctions of the united nations .
the iranian side is not going to stop uranium enrichment , but it welcomes the latest talks .
he said that the install of the current trend could slow down or speed up , which is an issue of execution , but no one should expect us to abandon our rights . we will not stop this move .
he arrived in noringer after arriving in .
the purpose of his visit is to formulate a set of plans to solve the iranian nuclear issue .
un cannot freeze uranium enrichment work because it has already imposed two sanctions on iran .
the report by the iranian news agency , the state security council of iran and the supreme national security council of iran , said the official headed by wadi , the assistant chairman of the national security council , held talks .
the iranian negotiators also include the vice chairman of the iaea , the deputy director of the iaea , and the ambassador to the iaea , sony .
in the year of the year of the palestinian prime minister , the new government will be formed in the country .
the palestinian authorities have made a series of moves since the al-qaida was put into force in the al-aqsa corridor , and prime minister ahmed fahan was ordered to take charge of the new government immediately .
minister of agriculture and social affairs habachi told afp that prime minister jakarta had asked abbas to resign from his post and the chairman accepted the offer , and at the same time he also demanded that he be responsible for the new cabinet government that handles routine administrative affairs .
abbas 's + kurdish mood told afp that faber 's resignation , abbas ordered him to keep his current post until he got the new government .
the respected economist jakarta has proposed resignation , but only a program - oriented resignation .
france and arde have been leading palestine 's emergency cabinet since last month to implement the palestinian policy of violence , al-qaida , which has been announced by abbas on 17 july .
according to the basic law of the palestinian autonomous government , without the approval of the parliament , it is not allowed to exceed 30 days , but now the autonomous assembly is in a state of paralysis .
the authority of the emergency government expired today .
wto delegates to break the doha round of talks
the main negotiator for the world trade organization ( wto ) proposed today that the united states greatly reduce its subsidies to agriculture , and the developing countries have substantially lowered their import tariffs on industrial products to break the deadlock in the doha round of trade talks .
officials said that the new draft model requires the united states to increase its annual subsidies to agriculture from 110 us dollars currently permitted to the 200 - million us dollars , and the developing countries have reduced the import tariffs of industrial products to below .
these proposals are aimed at breaking the deadlock over the last six years of the doha round talks and bringing about a compromise among wto members .
wto secretary general myers said these proposals are a key component of the current situation , which has a certain degree of maturity and a fair and reasonable basis for the agreement on development .
lamy said : the contents of the proposal by member states are not completely satisfactory , but the current issue of discrepancies is not the issue of reaching consensus .
he called for intensive negotiations in the next few weeks .
the magnitude of the magnetic production of the day - to - day auto plant or the brush or
japan 's economy slows down by 0.9 percent in march , the biggest decline since the beginning of the year , the official said friday .
japan 's silk islands hit by 6.8 magnitude , the automobile industry 's zero - powered manufacturers were forced to suspend production in tokyo 's chiangs because of this , which has affected the production of the plant .
the world 's freest car dealer said that the spine was not available until the 21 st .
japan 's prime minister junichiro koizumi said that the japanese government will not allow the japanese government to sell the products to japan from the day to the 23 rd .
he said that both factories had two kinds of corrosion , one of which would be affected , but the company would not be able to increase rotation classes next month to make up for the backward production progress .
suzudi said that the three days starting tomorrow will be temporarily suspended for production , producing powered powered oils in japan 's fuji company , which will also suspend production from tomorrow and will also be suspended from 21 march .
the automobile said that next week it may suspend some of its capital supply , which is already in use .
the earthquake caused at least 10 deaths , and the casualties of the people , hundreds of houses were damaged , and the disaster - stricken factories were forced to stop .
the us government 's decision to sell british environmental bag
chih said today that in view of the upsurge of purchasing in hong kong earlier this month , indonesia has cancelled the operation of the british environmental bag .
the indonesian plaza in the high - tech district , where there are many kinds of problems , such as the low - cost , the current - name list of the names of the shop owners , said the responsible person of the name - name shop in indonesia 's supra .
if the people are to be a 1.4440 - million lumps ( about nt $ 40,000 ) , then it will not have that kind of price .
on the 6th , the people of hong kong gathered outside the sales shop to buy a mobile phone from the uk 's soybean , nyayi , which has a name not as a nut , but also a environmental bag , which the store refused to sell , causing a scene of the brake .
this model of quality products , which is designed to seek environmental protection , is a new one overnight in london and new york .
the only one who has the power to sell the products is a legendary loss , and it does not confirm whether it will open the market in a few days .
the hostage crisis , when the korean nuclear crisis was over , directly negotiated with the united states .
afghan hostages kidnapped 23 south korean hostages and set the deadline today as the last time for the south korean nation to withdraw troops , otherwise they will kill the hostages .
with the passing of 1 min second , the situation has developed by positive example . south korean officials have started talks with the organization for the first time today .
however , at the same time , the organization said that another kidnapped german hostage was very weak and started to fall into the category of misunderstanding .
un urges germany to withdraw troops from afghanistan and to demand that these hostages be released and that the government jailed 33 people in afghanistan .
a spokesman for the television station said that the united states has been using nuclear weapons to the country through the long - standing korean team .
amadi said that we hope that the talks will be able to produce results .
hong kong time ( 0230 gmt ) was set at the end of the day ( 10.30 pm taiwan time ) , and the time will begin to kill the south korean hostages .
the two - degree extension has been extended .
prc : rok , rok hold talks on military issues in south korea
since the boundary lines of each side are divided into different parts , the three - day south - north summit of high - level military talks between the two koreas is dispersed today .
in the border city of panmunjom , the last day of talks today entered the final day , and kim yong - chol , the north 's chief representative , said : we have made a conclusion that we no longer need the talks that have no results .
the red face was obviously not happy with kim jung - chol , who purposely lacked the border in the new sea area to replace the original border with the northern border .
he said that the northern edge of the sea was not legal .
the sea - bed in the balkans is a sea - bed line that has been used by the us military since the end of the korean war in 1953 . in recent years , however , it has become the focus of the dispute between the two koreas , and north korea has even refused to acknowledge it .
north korea said that south korea 's illegal invasion of the waters has triggered a tense situation , while south korea said that this allegation was groundless .
the clashes broke out in june 1999 , causing dozens of north korean seamen to shut down .
similar clashes were reported again in june 2002 , and six south korean people unfortunately died .
us finance secretary arrives in china for environmental protection and exchange rate
us treasury secretary powell arrived in china yesterday , and the united states is making every effort to persuade china to carry out the necessary economic reform and environmental protection work , especially the issue of the rmb exchange rate which has attracted great attention .
us diplomats said that powell first went to the northwest of china 's qinghai province , where he visited china 's western provinces .
at present , china is located near the largest lake of cholesterol .
boucher will be transferred to beijing today to discuss with chinese officials the promotion of the uprising of strategic economic dialogue in the united states last year .
the us - china strategic economic dialogue mainly discussed economic affairs , environmental protection , and other issues , and the most important thing is the issue of the renminbi exchange rate . us congressmen believe that the renminbi is the most undervalued .
us - china trade deficit is rapidly spreading , and the pressure within the united states is gradually increasing . congressmen are prepared to take retaliatory actions to resist their so - called china unfairness trade policy .
last week , the us senate finance committee passed a bill by overwhelming majority , asking the ministry of finance to recognize the currency 's appreciation of the state 's incorrect list of countries , and to open up the door for economic sanctions against beijing .
us congressmen said that the renminbi is undervalued , which has caused the price of chinese goods to the united states to very much , aggravating the us - china trade imbalance . last year , the us trade deficit against china reached nt $ 250 million .
moussaoui said that it had completely withdrawn from the football field before the age of 60
from the beginning of the + muennio , moussaoui 's future has always been the media speculation , but just like before , the portuguese once again stressed that he would definitely be able to stay in the west london this summer .
some newspapers listed 14 names of new handicrafts , but i will stay in xixi .
maliki reiterated that he hopes to have a good situation for the portuguese team once a day , i really want to be a teach , i believe there will be a day in portuguese football association .
however , the 44 - year - old maliki does not intend to contribute his whole life to football , and he said he would retire before the age of 60 , and he does not want to be like bob roberson and francois , who would be in the age of guolithony .
i have already made a promise to my wife , i will not be like rotterson and francois .
muello 's legs have reached 60 years old , and i want to completely get the ball out .
i have too many things that i cannot do now waiting for me to do .
i do n't want to become a football advisor or technical director , such as barbado or al-sadi .
i do n't want to play such a role .
i do n't want to become the chairman of a club , i just want to know about a football , mumnio stressed .
( qi liang )
in the past few days , wang bing , wang wei , a soldier in hongdong village , shanxi , was tried on the internet .
chinanews , july . com , with the concern of the public , this morning , the linquan city intermediate court of linyi city tried the case of the temples of guangshengshan county , cao shengbing , wang shengbing , in lungbing village , this morning .
many domestic media are paying attention to the progress of this case .
because the local departments concerned were rather cautious , some reporters could not enter the scene to gather news .
at present , the firecrackers are still under way .
according to a report by the working personnel of the linfen city intermediate court , if the case is smoothly solved , it is estimated that the trial will be completed on that day .
but whether or not the + kongyuan pronouncement can be made is still unknown .
at about 09:00 , a reporter noticed that outside the gate of the linfen city intermediate people 's court , the pedestrians were calm and calm , and they moved in .
perhaps , it is a feeling of insecurity for the court 's current activities .
when i got into the envelope , i believe that the law is fair .
a person who passed through here is now looking at the national emblem , saying himself .
prior to this , there was a report in hongdong county that confirmed that the defendant wang bing 's father , cao yusheng village , former party branch secretary , was dismissed from the post of deputy to the county people 's congress according to law .
before this , wang dongqi was arrested because he had been involved in the case of violating discipline in the case of wang bing 's troops in the dark brick layers .
the " red force " that was triggered by the criminal gang - makeup case of wang bing 's troops has aroused attention at home and abroad . the central authorities issued a written instruction to ask for a strict investigation .
the dprk and the rok have reached a agreement on developing cooperation in light industry and underground resources .
chinanews . com , july 8
the dprk and the rok held a joint meeting on 7 july on cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources .
according to the agreement , the rok will provide the dprk with clothing and other light industrial products , and the dprk will provide some domestic products with the right to extraction .
according to a report by the japan send - off association , the rok and the dprk conducted a light industry and underground resources exchange project in a three - day city , during which they held consultations at the level of affairs , and finally reached an agreement .
according to the agreement , south korea will provide garments and soap products to north korea , with a total value of 90.9 yen .
in this regard , the dprk will make use of the three kinds of domestic exploitation rights to the rok .
the rok government will start a three - day visit to the western part of the country on july 25 by using its first batch of contractual goods and materials to the dprk .
according to the plan , starting 28 july , the rok and the dprk jointly conducted investigation of the east of the dprk .
the rok government started to provide the dprk with 400,000 tons of rice aid .
after the dprk expressed its willingness to actively carry out the agreement reached by the six countries , including the closure of nuclear facilities , the economic cooperation between the dprk and the rok has become more active again .
the lanzhou commodities bureau made an explanation of the price of the meat , saying that the price of the flesh was too high .
chinanews , lanzhou , july 10 ( huang party )
this afternoon , the lanzhou city commodities bureau invited relevant departments to give a detailed account of the price of the beef .
at the press conference , the bureau of prices and other departments jointly issued a paper , which was the main reason for the price hike .
it is reported that the price of the meat this time has risen by as much as 20 percent , and the data statistics have been compiled since the beginning of the 1980 s , the price of the beef in lanzhou has been the shortest and the highest increase since the first rise in the 1980 s .
" the government 's behavior is to take into account the economic capability of ordinary residents in the region , and the maximum price we set for taiwan is to be investigated through cost investigation . " the director of the lanzhou city commodities bureau said .
on 26 february , the lanzhou city bureau of commodities and services jointly conducted inspections of the meat roasting at the price of the mutton in the muzhiqiang [ name as transliterated ] , the heat of the lanzhou city bureau of industry and commerce , and other four departments , which triggered strong attention .
it is learned that the forum is aimed at extensively soliciting the opinions of all sectors , and it is necessary to solicit opinions and suggestions on the specific management measures for taiwan next step . it is also disclosed that lanzhou will hold a news conference tomorrow .
this will be the first time that lanzhou city held a meeting on the price hike .
prc : china development association urges more efforts to stop activities
chinanews , july 11 - according to the news from the website , on 9 july , the china development promotion association made a stopover for three months .
the penalty order shows that the china development promotion association has the following violations of law : a grueling standard , a super - server , a use of powered mechanical in a non - member unit to collect other fees .
according to investigations , the standard of the members of the unit is 22,000 yuan per year , and the number of cases of illegal immigrants who had been released from the 20 units by june 2007 is only one unit member who collected 21,000 yuan of perilous uprisings , and the rest of the unit is charged with fees ranging from the yuan to the yuan , with over 800,000 yuan , of which contain the name of collecting management fees from the institution , and so on .
article 12 of the " regulations on the management of social organizations registration " article 33 , section 1 , article 33 , stipulates that the society shall make a deadline for stopping activities within three months .
the rok government hopes to speed up the process of a nuclear - free korean peninsula through the six - party talks
chinanews.com , july 12 - according to a report by the rok news agency , the rok government has been very concerned about the meeting of the delegation head of the six - party talks to be held in beijing on the 18th .
a spokesman for the ministry of foreign affairs and trade of the republic of korea ( rok ) said on 12 june that he hoped that the delegation 's meeting would be able to discuss the end of the initial phase of the talks and the implementation of the next phase of the measures as soon as possible and to discuss the specific and substantive proposals for the early completion of the six - party talks , so as to speed up the process of the denuclearization of the korean peninsula .
the commentary also said that as the core of the dprk nuclear issue , the chinese government will provide a powerful guarantee for the rapid and successful realization of the denuclearization of the korean peninsula and will cooperate with the relevant countries in this regard .
officials say beijing olympics is expected to create the most popular number of participating countries and regions
chinanews . com , july 16 .
xinhua news agency , beijing olympic organizing committee vice minister wang shilin disclosed on 14 june that the beijing olympic organizing committee would hold a meeting next month to discuss the issue of the olympic committee 's 205 members to participate in the olympic games .
he said that if there is no accident , the beijing olympic games will become the most successful one in history , and the most important olympic games in the world .
the report said that from 10 to 12 june , wang shilin , on behalf of the beijing olympic organizing committee , briefed the pan - american sports organization on the preparatory progress of the beijing olympic games , including the construction of the jiaozuo project , the preparation of the fixing of the communications program , and so on .
wang shilin said : the pan - american sports organizations and countries and regions have all expressed their strong support for the beijing olympic games . all 42 members have already confirmed that they will participate in the olympic games in beijing next month .
it is reported that at the meeting , the international olympic committee will work together with the beijing olympic organizing committee to formally invite the 205 members of the ioc to participate in the olympic games .
( gao peng , yang limin )
wang yan 's condition improved " by saying " sitting on stool and limb muscles to restore " two - level "
+ wang yan has been able to sit on the board , but time is still too long , she will feel a dizzy head , and she will feel dizzy . the director of the zhejiang sports bureau 's portal , wu xilai , told the reporter that
the injured wang yan 's injury was continuing in the competition , with the left hand on the right side of the muscle and the muscle of the legs returning to ten days ago , and the two - dimensional magic magnates were upgraded .
in this month , wang yan began to learn from the six shanghai hospitals ' pinyin ( the heavy disease ward ) to the special ward , and her right - mockery had diocesic muscle dioceses at two to three levels , and her left - hand muscle - oculum was 1 .
in the last half of the month , wang yan 's upper limb muscle had taken a further turn for the better .
doctors said wang yan 's muscle had reached four levels .
in other words , within less than half a month , wang yan 's upper limbs have recovered from the two layers of the horse .
in front of the silk , wang yan was already able to stay in bed with the help of the doctor .
the hospital rehabilitation experts originally planned to let wang yan return to the hospital for rehabilitation at the end of last week .
however , according to wang yan 's current recovery , the rehabilitation training had to be postponed temporarily .
wu xilai said that wang yan 's current training is mainly in the form of a spine , which can be used as a stool , and that she can stick to one meeting after another , but that time still cannot be too long . the reporter wang mu - mu [ wang mu ]
venezuelan president says big cut in salary
chinanews . com , july 23 - a comprehensive report said that venezuelan president legqog made a speech on the venezuelan government 's internal affairs policy on the 22nd .
he said that the sharp reduction in the salaries of senior civil servants .
he also said that if foreigners come to venezuela to attack the venezuelan government , they will face serious consequences and be deported .
the authorities have ordered government officials to closely monitor the statements made by foreigners during their visits to venezuela and have found that anyone openly criticized him or the venezuelan government , and they have to leave the country .
on the evening of 22 june , he said that venezuela could not tolerate foreigners going to their homes and fingerprints .
in his speech , he also pointed out that the major reduction of salaries for senior civil servants will be substantially reduced .
he said that the highest wage of the venezuelan civil servant cannot exceed the monthly salary .
it is reported that in venezuela , the monthly income of some poor people is about us dollars .
in the latin american countries , the action to reduce civil servants ' salaries has become a common practice and has won the support of the broad masses of the people .
peru , the leaders of the countries have reduced their salaries .
the legendary said that cuban leaders reminded castro that the us command had been in action .
he said that carter presented him a us - based letter of apology .
the ' spy ' hearing ended yesterday .
last night beijing time , the international auto movement council held a meeting on the french technology spy case .
the international auto federation official network issued a statement after the hearing , saying that the hijacking of the powder spike wheel had a legal name of lahore . however , at present , there is no sufficient evidence to show that these materials are being disused in international auto union level .
however , the french technology spy case has not been listed in this case .
the council of the motor movement also said in the decision that if the future discovery of lafar 's relevant information is used to damage the championships , we will keep the request for mai kai to return the wheel to the vehicle movement council for hearing , and at that time they may face the abolition of the 2007 pit , or even the qualification of the 2008 olympics .
the number of freighter former designer mike mckeara , who has been suspended , has been found to have a large number of technical documents with nearly 800 pages , including the french - favorable 2007 racing vehicle design , the driving force , the driving force , the testing of the pinyin , development and operation , and other links .
the maikeler , the coach of the england , did not know about this information before the kaifi started to operate the rotary motors .
( wang keizo )
experts believe that the use of insurance fiber will not be diverted to domestic stock market funds in the near future
chinanews.com , july 30 .
according to a report by china securities news , the other day , the " provisional procedures for the management of investment outside insurance funds " was promulgated , and insurance funds have broader space for the use of the capital market .
china 's top investment officer liu lefei said that the appreciation of the renminbi and the rising domestic capital market have contributed to the rapid growth of the insurance sector in the near future .
the report said that many insurance companies hold the same viewpoint .
experts said that since there is no such thing as the renminbi 's products market , the insurance institutions are not able to avoid risks , and therefore the time for large - scale foreign exchange purchase is not yet ripe .
liu lefei said : for a long time , in the aspect of the allocation of assets , foreign investment should play a certain role in the overall distribution of insurance companies .
however , in view of the relatively great pressure of appreciation of the renminbi , china will mainly use its own foreign exchange funds to make overseas investment .
the state will continue to provide foreign exchange for foreign investment in the current situation .
( sui )
china 's direct loss of 5.25 - billion yuan in flood prevention and drought - fighting
this reporter learned from the state flood control and drought control headquarters that up to july , the number of cases of drought hit 118 - million mu , of which 54.14 - million mu were hit , 1.19 - million people were out of the disaster , 652 people died due to natural disasters , 45.5 people were killed , and the direct economic losses amounted to 5.5 - billion yuan .
the area of farmland across the country is 1.14 - billion mu , and there are 1.0 - million heads of state , which have been plagued by drought .
in july , the national flood prevention and drought control headquarters , in light of the current grim flood and drought - fighting situation , made emergency arrangements .
the state has demanded that all provinces and regions along the huaihe river strengthen their efforts to prevent flooding , retreat water from the river , and seize comprehensive victories in flood prevention .
the state general administration of defense and finance and the financial departments have sent three work groups to fight against drought , one line , and the other for drought - stricken areas to direct flood prevention and drought - fighting work .
at present , the work of harassing water is being carried out in a tense and orderly manner , and is operating normally . the huanxin river is also plagued by the water , the sanwu province in anhui , anhui , and the three provinces of jiangsu .
the ' trunk ' is not a big danger .
in accordance with the plan , the province of heilongjiang 's xingchang , which has launched an emergency campaign against drought , is now in an intense and orderly progress .
china 's foreign trade volume reached 110 billion us dollars in 1996 , up from the same period last year , the official said here thursday .
chen shui - bian secretly approved the election of the " judicial yuan " in taiwan , denied and demanded an explanation .
chinanews , july 30 chen shui - bian 's judicial personnel on the island have questioned the attempt of taiwan 's leaders to get involved in the election .
the taiwan authorities ' administrative affairs have been highly administered by the authorities of the chukuang judicial yuan , on the same day , said that the current performance of the judges on the island is not in line with chen shui - bian 's remarks and demands that chen shui - bian give an explanation .
according to a report in taiwan 's " zhuo pao , " chen shui - bian questioned the judge 's rotary procurator or investigator on 30 june , and because of political or election considerations , he even attempted to influence the election activities of the candidates of various parties . he said he hoped that this phenomenon would not exist in taiwan , but it might be very difficult .
in response to chen shui - bian 's question , the director of the taiwan judicial yuan yue - sheng did not respond to the call of secretary general , the clay group , the higher golden belly represents the judicial organs ' voice .
gao jinzhi said : taiwan 's basic law and the code of judges have all clearly declared that judges should go beyond the party and should not take part in party activities , nor should they help them . judges are very cautious in observing related constraints , and the court believes that judges are very good at doing the work .
gao jinzhi pointed out that the upper class in kaohsiung city is deciphered by judges zhang chengxi a few years ago to take part in the kaba school course , that is , because of the political party 's nature of the relevant courses , the self - discipline committee formed by judges is given the degree of discipline .
zhang shengxi once wanted to take part in the dpp 's affairs , because he took the position to run for the election , and finally decided to give up .
gao jinzhi said that if the trial of a case is conducted by a certain case , then the corruption case cannot be pronounced according to the results of the judgment alone , then the judge should not have political intentions .
germany to lower threshold for professional personnel
the reporter learned from the " shanghai five " that the chinese academy of social sciences has recently issued a " report on the implementation of the scientific development concept . "
german minister of education and scientific research schuessel said a few days ago that germany should reduce the restrictions on the introduction of foreign professionals in the " law " and increase the number of foreign professionals to be brought in by foreign countries .
according to the oecd report , germany 's population of the 15 - 64 years old will decline year by year .
if there is no sufficient immigration , then the labor force in germany will be 66.0 percent less than the present .
however , the german federation of employers and the german engineers association have reported that the current labor market in germany is a professional engineer , and there is a big increase in the professional personnel of the engineers .
the german labor bureau reported that in may this year , the german labor market 's total supply of engineers was 1.27 million people , and the technical personnel were supplied to 960 people .
in order to protect the employment of their own people , germany has set a higher threshold for introducing foreign talents .
the german " supra law " stipulates that the professional personnel of the non - eu countries are not in germany , which is lower than 850,000 euros , otherwise they cannot be allowed to work in germany or to stay in germany .
shawan suggested that the quota be lowered to the edge of euro .
do not superstitiously use the law ;
the draft resolution on the " lawyer law " submitted to the npc standing committee for examination recently stipulates that the law , which has been engaged in legal research and teaching , and has its own advanced level or similar professional level , and that it is not necessary to apply for a lawyer 's practising . it can be submitted to the lawyers ' administrative department of the state council for examination and approval .
( signed on 28 june , " zhongguo zhuoyi " )
there are also some clues in the legal field , such as the theoretical field and the purification of the facade , which mainly includes teaching and research work , and other such malpractices , and most of them are engaged in legal consultation service for the latter 's legal affairs , such as legal consultancy services , etc.
for a long time , the legal field has been well - known and the faculty of affairs , such as the ' clenbuterol ' of the cultural relics , the theoretical circle believes that the real estate is not necessary for the domain of affairs , but only the mechanized formists , while the faculty actually affiliated with the theoretical sector 's criticisms are not guided by the practice of theory .
with regard to such differences in division of labor , the law can do so , but it is not a support for any party .
however , the current state of affairs of the lawyers ' law has objectively recognized the legal status of the legal domain , which is higher than the legal status of the legal system .
in fact , some people engaged in the legal system , such as international law enforcement , have purely theoretical research and teaching , and their theoretical penetration is similar to that of legal practice .
in this way , the use of lawyer is undoubtedly a legal and legal entity in confusion .
the superstition in the theoretical field of the theory is not only not confined to these , such as the experts ' proof that they often affect or even reject the court 's verdict , but also is the direct expression of this superstition .
and encourage chinese - funded vessels to display their vessels
this reporter learned from feng lida
from the briefing held by the state council , it was learned that beginning 1 july this year , china will implement the special case of international shipping vessels ' special registration policy , encourage the foreign - funded vessels that have been hoisted to register themselves with china , and obtain the prc 's sovereignty and territorial integrity .
in order to further promote the healthy development of china 's maritime industry and strengthen the state 's rotational rotation , it is necessary to set up a large number of ships that have registered abroad and hoisted foreign flag operations . the ministry of communications recently issued a " circular on the implementation of the special registration policy for china - funded international shipping vessels , " which clearly provides that they enjoy the conditions and procedures for applying for special cases , and that they are in line with the requirements of the
the ship may choose shanghai 's xingwu port as a ship to register with the ship .
british lower terror attack on its troops
the reporter learned from the pla daily news conference on 5 july in london that
british government uses horse - powered attack on the top level to the serious level of the state , which indicates that british terrorist attacks will not occur soon , but the attacks are still extremely perplexing .
at present , the british police have shifted the scope of investigation to india and australia .
since the eight suspects arrested were arrested in the medical system , the government will conduct a comprehensive investigation into the work of migrant workers from the medical system .
it is reported that there are nearly 1,000 employees working in the public health care system in britain who have obtained medical qualifications overseas .
the prime minister also demanded that the high - tech immigration be investigated to determine the background of high - tech immigration , and that employers or related organizations be provided with information on the background .
let 's get a lot of business .
the tourism plan is to relax the efforts to clear up the legs , to the maximum extent , to the extent that they enjoy natural and social civilization .
however , many people are encounter this kind of situation .
whether it is a car or a train , the train always needs to be hit by a small businessman and a few die - hard rings without a license .
it is not selling flowerpots , but a magazine selling them , and many other newspapers and periodicals have not been able to tell them about the food , the products , or even the false name of the license .
if you do n't accept , he can chase you several hundred meters , and if you do n't succeed , then you will become a benevolent .
in some cases , there are also many kinds of misery .
without entering the gate , there are people who have come to know about the products of tourism and little leather products .
after entering the door , this situation will be even more , and then yaxing will be rebuffed and soared .
some media reports said that many foreign tourists visiting xian are paying close attention to the imperial monuments in xian , but they do not have any doubt about allowing the dusty pedddlers to sell their products .
including the air - conditioning system , which includes the wind , the wind , the wind , the surface , and the seed area , should be orderly , civilized , quiet , and harmonious , and give a broad - mindedness environment .
the freedom of the business is so stirred that it is not easy to tell , and objectively it undermines these public order , and has formed the pollution and environmental pollution , and at the same time it provides a platform for the management of the business .
what is important is that these kinds of silk fans are the window for the construction of local spiritual civilization , and the harm is not only the image issue but also the impact on the local economic development .
just think , if you want to make a big tourism industry , you use this kind of untold tourist environment to greet the northern part of south - bound tourists , who is willing to come , who will dare to come ?
how did your tourism economy achieve economic results ?
with the arrival of the peak tourism season , the number of tourists from the northern part of the earth and the north should be considered a civilized tourist environment .
not the market , the operation of small - sized business hawkers should be standardized , and the operation without a license should be resolutely abolished , and illegal activities should be resolutely cracked down on .
a civilized and orderly environment can make me happy and feel happy and persevered .
in a word , do n't let the business go .
the ' falungong ' has made a contribution to the development of the western region .
in dongcheng district , beijing , there are more than 100 kinds of electronic products , such as power supply , and so on , which are reimbursed by the 12 households .
( " xinjing bao " on 10 july )
i am proud of the improvement in the livelihood of these families , but i have never taken the initiative to back the imperial notary formula , and i have also used this method to repay them .
zhang liqun , deputy director of the office of jiaotong district office , said that in view of such problems as cheating , encouraging the initiative to repay , is a role model for other low - protection households .
if this model is to encourage other low - income insurgents to extricate themselves from their difficulties , it is indeed worth advocating , and if it wants to use this as a pretext , those who have been cheating for a long time will have little bit of help .
in terms of differentiation and cleaning up of low - cost households , the law is more dependent on .
the departments concerned should strengthen the work of providing low - income households with the following duties : if timely report family members and income changes , report on the employment situation , receive regular reexamination , and so on , and the departments concerned should step up supervision and inspection .
after all , it is only a long - term plan to retreat from the conventional method .
the streets have given a rewarding force to the families whose policies are buried .
as a first - level government organization , the spending of streets is borne by the financial appropriation .
and the taxpayer 's money should not be used ?
on the one hand , withdrawing from the low - insurance family has already possessed a certain degree of self - sufficiency , while on the other hand , the personnel applying for low - insurance are not still there ?
the government 's financial appropriation , which is called a life - saving money , should be delivered in a snow - capped manner , instead of adding flowers to the brocade .
liu said that the service providers are more interested in this .
on 10 july , the first nationwide poll of the public moved the new towns , which had been directly selected by the public , liu xiayi , the fourth time after he took office , received democratic screening , with a high rate of 97.6 percent .
at the press conference held by liu dianyi , liu dianyi defined himself as a mobile service provider .
( yesterday , " xinjing bao " )
liu lianyi 's ' brainstorming service ' may be more difficult than some cadres who have a system of cadres , but it is more true that they have a certain hand .
the appointment system is the biggest among the public 's candidates , which is mainly composed of ordinary party members , who have the power source , and the latter is mainly appointed by higher - level organizations , while the direction of the source of power has determined that the former must give top priority to the people .
who is responsible for the source of power and the person who is responsible is the fundamental factor determining how the elected leader will carry out his work .
some people doubt that such a kind of democracy is like a democratic show .
my viewpoint is that there is such a way of democracy , which is even better than that .
in consideration of the historical and current situation of the building of democracy at the basic level in china , i think that the election of the right to the right to the public is a major breakthrough , and that is an important component of this , which is not something to be underestimated in promoting the building of democratic politics at the grassroots level .
india is expected to select the first female president to be elected , and the female voters hope to increase their status , the report said .
on 23 june , paiwa 's document was written by presidential candidate , ten times .
the curtain on the indian presidential election on the 19th was set . the new president will be elected as the new president of the republic of india at the beginning of the presidential election on the 19th .
pachi is the first female presidential candidate in the indian history . if she is elected , she will become the first female president in india .
pachi is a presidential candidate of the ruling national congress party , while shevardkatrit comes from the opposition party 's people 's party .
since the national congress party holds a dominant position in the presidential election , the media and the public have been secretly clinging to the election , and the possibility of being elected is quite large .
the 72 - year - old pali state female governor jathan al-qasahara .
she zhuo , a lawyer , has a rich experience in the parliament , and has been a member of the parliament during her term as the governor of the state of ramajah .
she also worked for social welfare , and was a result of many cultural education and social welfare organizations .
analysts pointed out that the reason for peliay becoming a candidate is because she has always been a leader of the indian national congress party , sonia gandhi .
in india , the gandan family has long controlled the ruling national congress party .
pachang was given a support by a large number of female voters , and women voters believed that pachuya would be a serious discrimination of women 's concept in india , thus enhancing the status of women .
the constitution stipulates that india is a state under the federal system , and the head of state and the head of state in the name of the president shall not represent any party , and more symbolic .
( yen yong - sui )
the united states supports the palestinian government 's expulsion of extremist forces
washington , july 22 ( staff reporter xu qisheng )
us president bush said on 21 march that the united states will go all out to support the pakistani government 's efforts to upgrade its military bases , layouts , and extremists from the areas between pakistan and afghanistan .
bush said in his weekly routine speech that day that according to the new us intelligence , the hijacking organization has established a military presence in the border areas between pakistan and afghanistan .
he expressed his worry about this .
bush said that the united states will continue to support president musharraf and believe musharraf will adhere to the same position as the al-qaeda and armed elements .
the recent us " national intelligence assessment " report points out that the muslim armed organization is particularly a part of the bin 's internal affairs , which constitutes still a threat to the united states .
mashariko masharov and some tribes in northern palestine and northern palestine reached a consensus last september on guarding against the inhibiting forces and the activities of members of the organization of member organizations at the base .
these tribes are not willing or have no ability to defend themselves .
bush 's speech on the early introduction of the system indicated that musharraf is now taking active steps to correct this mistake .
us hopes for comprehensive implementation of dprk nuclear issue
the reporter learned from the " zhongguo tongxun she bao " that the united states and china have established a joint military command system .
us assistant secretary of state kelly kelly on the six - party talks on the dprk nuclear issue , said on 23 march that the six - party talks on the dprk nuclear issue held last week was very important , and the meeting made true progress , but this was only a preliminary action of implementing the agreement .
the united states very much hopes that the " september 19 joint statement " and " the " 2.13 joint document " can be found in full implementation .
at a press conference on the same day , hashimoto said that in order to achieve the goal of a complete settlement of the dprk nuclear issue , it is necessary for the dprk to make all its nuclear programs by the end of this year and to realize the function of its nuclear facilities .
he expressed the hope that the parties concerned would comprehensively carry out the six - party talks on the korean nuclear issue within one year .
hill also said that the united states would continue to work with the dprk and japan to push forward the six - party talks .
the climate change has led to the rapid reduction of alps ' ice .
the reporter learned from the " zhongguo tongxun she bao " in july , geneva .
the swiss academy of sciences ' ice - gripping experts have discovered that in 1850 , the spine tracks of the swiss rotary clay have been shrinking at an average of 3percent .
the only spell of the spine has led to the melting of the alps ' ice of 1.88 percent .
experts believe that by the year 2010 , global temperature will rise by three , and the ice will be reduced by 10 percent , and the ice will be reduced by all the time .
aleksandr eichelon is the longest in europe and is listed as a member of the un 's world organization , but the natural heritage is still being reduced in 2006 , by 100 meters , and the protection has been extended to the bottom of the cells .
the tu - 22 - km long amazon ice - sculpture .
photo by liu jun .
the various kinds of misinterpretations of the beijing olympic games proposed :
beijing , july 30 ,
reporter liang jie learned from the china consumer council that on 8 august , the 29 th olympic games was counted at the time , and the beijing consumer association was about to be named one of the major events of the shanghai consumer protection commission for protecting rights and interests in shanghai , the consumer council of shanghai , the qinhuangyuan consumer association , and the hong kong consumer council , which used the rights and interests protection organization of the six city one district , to propose to : with the protection of our
the proposal proposed that , from my perspective , strengthen the sense of humanities and the knowledge of the ioc , enhance civilized courtesy , and practice civilized standards , to be a knowledge - based consumer .
enhance the awareness of the green olympics , protect the ecological environment , and cherish the legs , actively promote sustainable consumption , and become a consumer who upholds greenbelittling greenbelittling consumption ;
we should establish a sense of diligence and thrift , change the concept of consumption , and make blind comparison of consumption , oppose extravagance and waste , and become rational consumers with scientific consumption concepts .
we should enhance the awareness of protecting the rights of consumers , take the initiative to participate in social supervision , conscientiously respect the protection of intellectual property rights , correctly understand rights and obligations , and be consumers who have the right to manage things in a rational manner .
we should promote a passive and positive awareness of participation , propagate the olympic spirit , and become the disseminator of the olympic spirit .
the police 's " huanquan " antenna " was a grand gathering to celebrate the 10 th anniversary of the return of hong kong .
on 1 july , the jinghai monastery in nanjing was again sounded and melody .
this heavy historical voice , through the television channel , has spread the mainland and hong kong , and the people of nanjing and hong kong have a common desire to share this joyful moment of celebrating the 10 th anniversary of the return of hong kong to the motherland .
on july 1 , 10 years ago , nanjing jinghai monastery returned to its sky over a rotary building . it was a monument of the imperial monastery , which was a symbol of the history of cure and the imperial state of hong kong island .
no big spine , people of all social circles in nanjing gathered together , saying that they would , through their own brands , remind the people of the world to always remember the truth and the pernicious history .
the alarm bells are 1.82 meters tall and 1842 meters in 1842 .
it was 1.997 metres tall on the shoulders and it was the pulse of hong kong .
the planning and casting of the police in those years , wang fengling , explained that the five - dimensional interpretation of the clause is around the clock , and that the entire copper belt uses high - floating sculptures , two dragons to set up fire balloons , and hong kong is a symbol of the motherland , and it is the last one that uses the melody of the mipper as the carpet of the microse
the first proposal to build a police force was yu xiaodong .
( end ) zhu xiaoying and liu yang )
the russian security bureau accused the exiled oligarchs of " conspiracy to fight "
the russian oligarchy in exile in london , bowrski , a lawyer in exile , announced on 2 july that the russian federal security bureau had formally put forward a new charge against his litigant , accusing him of plotting the state 's plots to seize the state 's political power by violence .
borov pointed out that since last april , bakiyev has been making a special interview with the british newspaper " guardian " and has announced that he is planning to launch a spine in russia , and that he has confirmed that he has made a financial support to the right - wing representatives of the opposing authorities ' policies .
the russian federal security bureau 's reconnaissance bureau immediately issued a circular on the basis of article 278 of the russian federation criminal law , using violence and shielding against another 's criminal case . recently , it officially issued a verdict to the moscow savili court .
it is reported that in february 2006 , the russian federation general procuratorate proposed to the other side the crime charges against him . based on the same reason that he was also a exile who confirmed in an interview that he was attempting to seize the russian regime by force .
for the reason that perez has been extradited abroad , and he has been unable to extradite , russia suspended the investigation of the case in january 2007 .
july 2 moscow 's salvador court began to hear the trial of another case of exiled oligarchy . the russian general procuratorate accused perez of swollen 's embezzling 214 - million rubles of russian airlines , wounding 16 - million rubles of lugar , and the court decided to postpone the hearing to conduct a court investigation on this matter on 12 july . this place will be the defense lawyer of the accused state .
the two sides agreed that the two countries should strengthen their cooperation in the field of defense , and that they should not take part in their own activities .
( bi yuan )
guangxi 's + yuanhua position under the supervision of administrative efficiency of 619 people
since the beginning of this year , various localities and departments in guangxi have launched activities to change the work style of cadres and strengthen the building of administrative efficiency , and have done a series of work to check the responsibility system when implementing the " three systems " system , and 33 key departments of the autonomous region have been included in the administrative work network for monitoring the performance of their duties .
as of now , 619 people have been held accountable .
on 5 april , the reporter learned from the luoyang autonomous region discipline inspection commission that guangxi has initially formed the autonomous region 's binding county administrative efficiency supervision network , and has strengthened supervision of key departments ' positions , 14 cities have made use of the electronic surveillance system to conduct joint operations with the autonomous region .
the autonomous region 's administrative efficiency electronic monitoring system directly links the functions of the enterprises that involve the investment environment and the production and livelihood of the masses of the people , and it has examined and approved the principal duties of those departments that are directly under the autonomous region , thus further standardizing the examination and approval procedures and improving the efficiency of examination and approval .
at the same time , discipline inspection and supervision organs at all levels in guangxi have strictly investigated and handled cases involving the malfunctions of work style and the masses ' interests . as of now , they have investigated and verified 11,000 pieces of documents , investigated and completed 769 cases , and investigated and prosecuted 6,884 units of fixture .
zhang liqun , member of the standing committee of the cppcc national committee and secretary of the discipline inspection commission of the zhuhai city cpc committee , said on 5 may that the supervision of administrative efficiency is a long - term mechanism that can accompany administrative activities .
guangxi should further improve and standardize various kinds of administrative management practices , establish and perfect the mechanism for supervising administrative efficiency , and guarantee mechanisms , so as to incorporate the supervision of efficiency into the institutionalized orbit , further standardize supervisory and inspection procedures , and improve the mechanism for handling complaints and for assessing achievements .
china 's trade surplus in the first half of this year reached a record high of 1.9 billion us dollars , according to the report .
nato does not rule out the possibility of cooperating with the united states on the abm system issue .
nato news agency director jimzhong de messo said in an exclusive interview with xinhua on 9 june that it is not excluded from linking the us anti - missile system with the nato 's own defense system .
the two countries have established a strategic partnership of mutual benefit , said the statement .
she said : nato has its own theater missile defense system and has started discussions on the establishment of a strategic missile defense system , to push the us anti - missile system to a new level , not a threat to nato itself .
she also said that the us plan to establish an anti - missile system in europe would be timely discussed with russia through various channels .
the two sides exchanged views on bilateral relations and other issues of common concern .
two jordanian people were killed by planning to attack americans
two men were arrested for planning attacks on americans in jordan . on 11 april , the jordanian national security court sentenced him to imprisonment .
both of them were 25 - year - old man , a milk - har - ho , who was sentenced to eight years of imprisonment for a reprieve , while the other one was a clay - hada , who was sentenced to three years of imprisonment for forced labor .
the court said that hohar was also charged with illegal possession of meat and the police had found in his search of his mouth a shock gun .
the court originally decided to sentenced hutchison to life imprisonment and later considered a move to change his loyalty to life , thus reducing the burden of his property to eight years .
the indictment said that the two defendants decided to provide for those who suffered from the us humiliation after the outbreak of the iraq war , and they plotted to attack the american people living in jordan .
in august 2006 , they discovered a female baby in the capital of jordan , and they were still in the process of attacking them .
the indictment did not make public the identity of the american .
the indictment also accused the two defendants of attacking other americans , but did not reveal any specific details .
china 's trade surplus in the first half of this year reached a record high , according to the report .
the problem of bad reaction from diabetes drugs has increased sharply .
according to a report by the us media on 15 june , the adverse effects of the antidiabetes drug - related report on heart disease have recently shown a dramatic upward trend in the united states .
the us food and drug administration issued a safety warning in may this year , suggesting that diabetes patients should be cautious in using word diamond , because scientists have published a new issue of " new medicines " on may 21 , which said that this free - selling drug would increase the number of heart disease patients and their spillage .
as a result , the doctors and the patients are closely watching .
statistics show that about 30 per cent of the total number of deaths in the month after the issuance of safety warnings were received .
in january and february this year , the drug administration received only 50 and 50 cases respectively , and 73 adverse reactions reports respectively .
these bad effects were lightly turned up to the bubble , and they were weight to the death of heart disease .
however , the drug expert of the us drug administration believes that the conclusion that the time for the conclusion of the insecurity conclusion of the document is still too early .
the ba will hold a press conference on 30 july on the awaiting of the wording of the document .
in 1999 , the imperial clay was a kind of pancreas to increase the sensitivity of the use of diabetes .
about 6 million diabetes have been taken or are taking text diallic .
the french - language elysee company , which has been believed to have been a safe place , has been very safe for the patients .
us wants to restart middle east peace talks
us president bush delivered a speech in washington on 16 june , calling for holding a summit on the palestine - israel issue this fall to invite israel to pull out some of its neighboring arab countries and other countries concerned to join in a joint effort to promote the reopening of the middle east peace process .
on 17 july , bush also called egyptian president mubarak on the second royal death of king hussein and king byon in saudi arabia , calling for them to actively respond to the initiative and to take concrete actions to support the palestinian national authority chairman abbas and help palestine and israel resume peace talks at an early date .
abbas says palestinian authority to discuss palestinian election
abbas , chairman of the palestinian national authority , said in ramallah on 18 march that the palestinian liberation organization ( plo ) central committee 's two - day meeting opened on the same day , and the meeting will discuss the holding of the palestinian national authority and the legislative council elections ahead of schedule .
abbas said in a meeting with eu officials responsible for foreign and security affairs in the eu 's president 's office on that day and that he will meet with the eu delegation at the next joint news conference .
at the same time , abbas expressed his satisfaction with the relations between the palestinian national authority and the european union .
he said : the palestinian side welcomes the eu 's measures to be taken by the palestinian president 's office .
abbas urges eu to continue providing humanitarian aid to palestinian people in gaza .
the eu 's attitude toward abbas and the palestinian people has been reaffirmed .
he said : the middle east issue ( the united nations , the united states , and russia ) will hold a meeting on 19 june to discuss the issue of reopening the middle east peace process , and the next few days may have proposed to be proposed .
the eu has made a positive response to the deployment of international forces in gaza , but it still needs to discuss with other parties , especially the un .
china 's foreign trade volume reached 26.5 billion us dollars in the first half of this year , the first time that the united states has been using force to reduce its trade surplus .
jiangxi will provide health care professionals for 30 years in rural areas
for a long time , a large number of professional and technical personnel in the field of health have paid a price for the health of the grass - roots level and the health of the masses .
jiangxi province recently decided to conduct a survey on health professionals who have been working in rural areas for 30 years , and have been awarded the honor award for 30 years of health work in rural areas .
according to the jiangxi provincial health department , the health care center held by the government in the township and town health institute has the technical expertise and experience of having a higher or higher degree of tertiary education in the medical category and specialized health technical personnel at the primary level or above . any medical personnel who have been involved in the same type of blood - defense group or mahjong - resistant village in the township health hospital who have been working for 30 years in a row or in a hospital are all
the final calculation period for the first group was at the end of july .
for those who meet the requirements , jiangxi province has promulgated and promulgated 30 health - related work awards for 30 years of glory award for rural health work , and will also use screening screens in screening screening screening screening screens to give priority and appropriate support .
senior professional examination has been made on a par with standard , with practical work ability being the main criterion , and appropriately relaxed the conditions for scientific research and theses , and after obtaining qualification , they have given priority to their own positions .
the jiangxi provincial health department will arrange a certain number of leave every year to provide funding for the repatriation of the quota .
beginning this year , jiangxi province will conduct a series of training courses in rural health work every two years .
china 's trade surplus in the first half of this year reached a record high of 1.9 billion us dollars , according to the report .
the us department of defense reconsidered the plan to cut troops in europe
us defense department officials said on 23 march that due to the changes in the iraqi war and the world situation , the us department of defense is reconsidering the possibility of reducing the number of us troops stationed in europe by about half .
the us media quoted an official from the us department of defense , saying that because the iraq war is still going on and the us - russian and iranian relations have worsened , the defense department has raised doubts about the feasibility of reducing the european military deployment plan .
in the years , then secretary of defense rumsfeld announced that the united states would deploy its troops in europe from the original 11.3 percent in the year 2012 to the 7.0 in building a family of horse , and that the new type of troops would be built .
at present , the total number of us troops stationed in europe has dropped to some people .
however , in june this year , the us military 's european command commander , mikhail , submitted a report to the current defense secretary , asking questions about the above reduction plan .
the report said that us forces in europe have also reduced their military strength , and many troops have been transferred to iraq and afghanistan in rotation , thus enabling the shortage of us troops stationed in europe to be unconnected with the normal cooperation between the european allies .
the report recommends that the us plan to cut its troops in europe be halted .
relevant us experts believe that the above - mentioned phenomena have long been causing chaos in the iraqi war and the original plan of readjustment of the us military .
the two sides exchanged views on the iranian nuclear issue .
the jiaozhou city of shandong province has launched a safe production film into the community to enter the construction site .
qingdao , july 26 ( renmin wang ) ( reporter song xuchun and fan zhongliang )
in order to further deepen the urban civilization 's communications , let them know how to improve the public 's awareness of the law and traffic safety , and enhance their consciousness in enforcing the law , the city government has decided to raise the awareness of the law on communications and security in cities from 20 july to 10 august ( a weekly three - five ) . the yuzhou city 's traditional friendship association , which is located in the kaijijia square , is located in the sanhe square in the southern district
before the movie was put on display , the " muster protection " printed by the group will protect lives -- a letter from the public and a letter of propaganda materials to the public , and a video show " how to use life " was shown .
the curtain of the film has drawn people 's admiration and has been filled with the scenes of the horse - shaped scenes .
in particular , the special feature film " on the road to schooling " has been used to make it easy to understand what is like , and has also received profound education .
the movie attracted over 3,000 people around the square to watch , especially some people who came to yuzhou , and peasant workers .
by sending safe movies into the community ( + hugu ) , the development of the construction of the construction site has enabled the public to enjoy the film while being cool and receive a profound safety education .
china 's catering industry to be more open
in order to better implement the " food and health law " and the " circular on further strengthening food safety work , " the ministry of health has separately held a meeting in haidian district , haidian district , beijing municipality , zhuzhou city , jiangsu province , luozhou city , hangzhou city , henan province , luoyang city , hubei province , and the sanmu [ suiji ] of hainan province .
this system will also gradually move toward the whole country .
public health supervision system for catering industry is an important component of the system of supervision of food and drink units on the basis of day - to - day health supervision , and the system of management of health management of employees ' health proves that the quality of foodstuffs and label is the process of sanitary food processing , environmental hygiene , and environmental hygiene facilities , and cleaning and cleaning the key raw materials purchasing certificate .
according to presentations , the public display will adopt the unified format and form stipulated by the ministry of health , including the results of nine items of on - the - spot inspections of the situation of hygiene , comprehensive evaluation of the conclusions of the health supervision on the spot , the names of supervisory agencies , and the number of complaints from customers . the information will be posted at the gate of the food premises , which will help the customers understand the health situation of the product or the customer 's in@@
china 's foreign trade volume reached a record high in the first half of this year , the official said here thursday .
un security council decides to extend peacekeeping operations in eritrea
the un security council unanimously adopted a resolution on 30 june , agreeing to include the un peacekeeping troops in eroiya ( eritrea ) for a term of six months to january next year .
the resolution requires all parties concerned to carry out their commitments , maintain restraint , ease the tense situation , avoid unusual military activities , and urge ecuador to immediately link its troops and military equipment to the temporary security zone , and call for reducing the troops ' presence in the nearby areas of the interim security zone .
the resolution requires that specific steps be taken immediately to ensure that the eritrean border committee can rapidly define its border without any circumstances , and requires that eritrea border no longer delay in setting up any loopholes to lift its action and actions against eritrean 's muella .
the resolution reaffirmed full support for the work of the eritrean border committee and expressed appreciation for the decision of the commission to hold a meeting with the eritrean side on september 6 .
in 1998 , eritrea and malay broke border conflicts , with the result that many people died .
in june 2000 , both eritrean and eritrea signed a cease - fire agreement in algeria 's capital of algiers .
the united nations began to deploy peacekeeping troops in the eritrean border in july 2001 to monitor the implementation of the cease - fire agreement between the two countries .
china 's top legislator wu liangjiang said here thursday that the chinese government will continue to work with the japanese side to promote the development of the sino - japanese relations .
in the face of the opening of the national olympic games , the national solar rotary fiber industry ,
the chengdu military region government has issued a series of important documents .
xing xingquan reporter reporting : in order to implement the party central committee 's directive for building a harmonious socialist society and to coordinate with the building of a new socialist rural area , the entire people are bound to be connected with the theme of the olympic games , the cultural sports life of the masses , the olympic national county - level rural portfolio competition , 30 th has been opened in dubai county .
the six - day event attracted over 100 participants from 10 counties across the country , including the county - level men .
according to the regulations , the athletes participating in this competition must be a physique , aged over 18 .
in the year 2006 , the state sports administration center will be able to provide a professional and professional athlete with no entry into the competition .
the latest china - based silk rules were adopted in this competition , which was recently examined and approved by the china society for promotion , and the competition was divided into two stages .
the competition was jointly organized by the state sports administration bureau and the state sports general administration , the china securities association , and the china international sports travel company .
in recent years , the two - way counties with a history of sports have developed rapidly , and the shuanghui county has successively obtained state - owned sports and distinguished counties across the country , among which the advanced sports units of the masses throughout the country have been selected , one series of of such practices .
in the new rural construction , in particular , the double - circulated counties have vigorously carried out the rural sports project , and have integrated the construction of sports facilities with the beautification of rural areas ' bottleneck , thus building the sports ground in the rural areas and the side of the peasants , so that the sports service system can be covered to the rural areas , actively popularizing and carrying out activities of local characteristics , and the peasants are happy to see how they can get involved in the
the three functions of modern military uniforms
first , the identification function .
different countries ' armed forces have different military branches and their important military indicators .
in the world , the number of troops in more than 100 countries has increased by a large margin , but the use of military uniforms is basically the same .
second , symbolic functions .
to a certain extent , military uniformity is not only a national spiritual outlook but also a reflection of the national army 's combat capability .
in the dressing of the first - class military uniforms , the military uniforms of the military uniform group are most capable of showing the military 's power in the most instant , and they are the gift of the aesthetic view .
third , the protection function .
with the rapid development of new and high - tech weaponry , the comprehensive protection capability of new - type operational training uniforms has enabled military uniforms to have antitrust , reconnaissance , and anti - chemical warfare against radiation radiation , and to warm up the curtain of the curtain and the rotten rotten roar , and have become the most important issue for the development of uniform .
( shi wei )
the party committee of a certain brigade has been brave in handling problems like that of the true .
the reporter learned from the chengdu military region that the chinese government has been making great efforts to improve the quality of the service of the people 's liberation army [ pla ] .
qu yi yang , a mao - yu report , says that we can keep the rotary fiber in the house and that we can benefit from the determination and the courage of the party committee organs of the great team to clear the house .
today , a certain communications training regiment of the chengdu military region has more than 10 cadres who have been moved from the barracks . they have a good understanding of the party committee of the brigade in the case of having the courage to solve problems in the face of real and tough problems , and are full of admiration and care .
a few years ago , with the personnel 's efforts to build up the family structure of the brigade , some houses were unlawfully occupied , and the housing difficulties for the cadres on the job were relatively great .
the brigade also had a few times that the unit had not been able to stop its way of doing things because of various obstructions .
only when the soldiers dare to compare to the true and the difficult problems that cannot be resolved , can they get a hand in .
the new party committee 's leading body reached a consensus on the issue , and the principal leaders personally began to thoroughly clear up all the problems of illegal housing occupation .
they were on the side of the brush , and they were very clear about the side of the personnel concerned , while on the other hand , they also talked about the relevant policies and regulations regarding the use of the funds for the arable land in the armed forces , and showed the party committee 's firm determination and principled stand .
the state has also made a number of major changes in some areas where housing is not yet willing to retreat from the occupants of housing , and the party committee organs have made contacts with their units in good time and have taken corresponding measures to promote their work in coordination with the troops .
after two months of meticulous work , all the unauthorized housing accounts in the hue were removed on schedule , and the cadres at the brigade level were assigned to the housing according to regulations .
the party committee of the brigade dared to work in a realistic and tough manner , and it also produced a negative effect . it was originally a few cadres who were unwilling to actively cooperate in organizational distribution , and now they have expressed their willingness to obey the decisions of the organization .
senior chinese military officer meets bangladesh guests
beijing , july 9
reporter zhang shun reports : central military commission member gong shuichun met with the chief of staff of the bangladesh air force , chi mu - mu , and his entourage in beijing today .
qiao said that since the establishment of diplomatic ties between china and bangladesh , bilateral relations have been developing smoothly , high - level contacts have been frequent , and friendly exchanges and cooperation have been strengthened in all fields .
the two countries have always supported each other in international affairs and in their respective countries ' construction , he said .
china appreciates and thanks bangladesh for its support and assistance on the taiwan issue , the tibet issue , and other issues .
qiao qingchen said that the chinese armed forces value the friendly relations with the bangladesh armed forces , and hope that with the joint efforts of both sides , the two armed forces will further expand the fields and levels of friendly cooperation between the two armed forces , strengthen friendly exchanges and cooperation between the two air forces , and raise the friendly cooperative relations that have been established between the two armed forces to a new level .
qi said that bangladesh will make efforts to further develop the friendly relations between the two armed forces , especially the two air forces
he reiterated that the bangladesh government will , as always , adhere to the one - china policy .
before the meeting , qiao qingchen held a welcoming ceremony for zo .
qi is here at qiao 's invitation . on 8 july , he arrived in beijing for an official friendly visit to china .
the design of the 2007 - style military uniform design is a guest of the china online military service .
beijing , july 13 -- yang baojin , reporter liu xinxin reports : the pla units have been conducting a series of military exercises since august 1 .
tonight , the chinese military online specially invited military products to be used in the military field , which need to be used by chen jun , deputy director of the armament bureau , and senior engineer of the institute of equipment and equipment , to visit the chinese military network , and to share the military service netizens from within and outside the military .
the two guests are the seven - type military uniform design , which is directly designed and developed .
speaking of the change in the new military uniform , they said that the 2007 - style military uniform is a special form of 97 - type military uniform , which is designed on the basis of 97 - type military uniforms .
the biggest characteristic of the 07 - style military uniform is that it reflects the characteristics of turning the pulse into the hand - held function , and that it has enabled our military to achieve the first coordinated among the three armed services , and that the standard of the series of supporting systems indicates that our army 's military buildup has made a historic leap .
the two guests also exchanged views on the varieties of the new military uniform , the rotary fibre , and other issues with the netizens .
this is the first time that the chinese military net has been linked to the new wave surfaces and the internet surfaces .
the people 's armed forces platform in jingjiang city has upgraded the quality of the armed forces
the reporter learned from this newspaper , cao jiaquan , zhu huibin , that on 18 june , a special wu cadre in jiangjiang city , jiangsu province , was assembled by lu yuqing , director of the xiulian town , to " fight and win the psychological warfare under the condition of informationization . " the team members were unanimously supported by the students involved in the training .
this is a unique characteristic of the mechanized infantry unit in light of the actual situation of their posts , and it is also a new change in the comprehensive quality of the military cadres .
early this year , the party committee of the ministry of military affairs discovered during a study at the grassroots level that some special military cadres were in a long position , and that they did not concentrate their main energy on armed work .
for this reason , they have adopted a concentrated training method to train cadres in the military field , such as training in the military schools , and so on , to regularly train specialized military cadres , and to focus on solving the problem of a lack of knowledge for military cadres .
in light of the central task , we should boldly give cadres the right to work at the posts , and enhance their ability to work at the posts .
at the same time , they actively coordinated with local organization departments , and jointly formulated the " plan for the appointment of post - posts by specialized armed forces cadres " , which clearly stipulates that the director of the armed forces must go to the leading body of the party committee and stop using other positions .
and established a mechanism for the adjustment and exchange of military cadres , which is not adapted to the needs of the grassroots armed forces , and readjusted and exchanged their personnel in a timely manner , which has a strong comprehensive quality and has a strong ability to work .
not long ago , the director - general of the armed forces department of the new century chien yi - song led the militia technical detachment in innovating and developing underwater vessels filled the domestic net , and was broken into the company 's director of the armed forces department .
good , and good .
as far as the results are concerned , the 2 - 2 score is reasonable , and also a reflection of what can be accepted . the key is the process of the competition , and how much regrets it .
if the iranian team leads by 2 - 0 , then the + edge will be doubled , then it will certainly not be the same for china 's instant feeling .
good and good will cannot be achieved in the end . it can be said that it is a kind of old problem .
the current situation is that under the current situation , it will not kick the ball , and the general view is that china 's psychological quality is not up to the mark .
this is indeed not a good thing , but a good thing .
however , from the perspective of today 's competition , it seems that it is not as good as that .
sun jihai , sun jiafu , zheng libin , and others kicked the ball in europe , but li feng and others did not say that li feng and others were also the old sand sand sand sand - knowing luck . they saw many things to see , and they said that their psychological qualities would not be as good as reason .
this has been forced by the iranian team for a cruel reason , perhaps because of the imminent deployment of troops .
the iranian team was in a backward condition , and the match was immediately held .
in the second half of the game , three kinds of names were changed , but the effect was not good .
we must overcome the problem of being good at the beginning and being good at the end , and we must find the root cause of the problem .
so long as the problems are accurately identified and the methods for revamping the bad are probably not difficult to find .
i am afraid i am afraid of getting medical treatment in a hurry .
if this goes on , then it will kick more matches , and the old problem will still be offset , and it will not be possible to talk about the kick that everyone is looking forward to .
the ministry of public security gave the guangdong border defense corps hospital a collective certificate of honor .
the reporter learned from the shenzhen news agency on 18 july that
li guoliang huang reporting : for many years , the guangdong border defense corps hospital has made outstanding contributions to the development of the medical care system in the troops .
this morning , the ministry of public security gave the guangdong border defense general hospital a collective commemoration ceremony , a second largest anti - corruption event , and a report meeting on the advanced deeds of supporting the government and cherishing the people .
the hospital of the guangdong border defense corps has established a system of social harmony , which has successively built up in the city of bruchi , huiwei , three specialized medical centers for migrant workers from other places , and the foreign workers have been sent to the hospital for medical treatment .
the hospital has specially equipped a mobile phone service vehicle , which is free to receive medical treatment from migrant workers , and has also introduced a health service card for migrant workers , which requires only 7 yuan per month for each month to enjoy basic medical examination and support .
this will benefit the people and the peasants .
from the + beginning of the year , the hospital also launched a new - type lighting , a - thousand - beam lamps , and a large - scale ferrous - type medical personnel , eight times , to go to the far - qinghai of tibet , to send light - light - powered needle nets , to the neurons , and to the nearest 3,000 - meter - protective surgery to make the patient feel gruel .
since 1 august , the armed police force has changed the seven - style clothes .
beijing , 19 july -- liu zhifeng reporting from the army units of the armed police force will start on 1 august , and will be changed in seven categories of clothes .
today , this reporter learned from the seventh type of apparel distribution ceremony and the latest edition of the color tape that the armed police force has changed this time , and there are seven kinds of layers in their own uniform , which are frequently used for training .
the apparel is now under the olive green adjustment of the existing rugby , which is a very rare green colour , with all the cellular features and with a strong sense of overall design . in terms of the number - type , the national standard of wearing apparel .
the female officers and men have grown in the field of electron , roetic caps , and the traditional chinese language , from the customs - style custody to the open style , the summer - style layers , and the spring - autumn - autumn - style layers of the camelor - style clothes - style design .
the newly added name plate zhang enzhu for national defense and the liwei [ wei ] , and the newly designed hid logo , have the hand to hand over the rooftop of the embroidered , have enhanced the function of wearing apparel identification , and have strengthened the sense of the meal identification .
the pap 's seven - style clothes will be replaced by three years .
before 1 august 2007 , the pla began to simultaneously fight the army 's troops in combat , such as the army 's cadres , the state - owned enterprises , the army 's civilian - owned enterprises , the army 's civilian - run enterprises , the army 's civilian - based soldiers in beijing , and the army 's soldiers in spring plying , frequently in spring , in summer , and in spring , in summer , in summer , in the country 's mainstream , and in the first place .
in may , the number of soldiers in other units was changed from spring to autumn , often in summer , to summer , to brush , to brush .
in october , it was called the sun 's traditional clothes , but it was not easy to wear .
in december 2009 , the soldiers were replaced by winter uniforms .
as a training season , the training will be gradually changed in the same season .
a certain base of the artillery corps is a small - scale , remote - directly - coordinated education district .
the reporter learned from the pla daily news , xue bingjian reporter xu : the education organization of small , distant , and directly - administered units is difficult to use their own resources to fight , and will become a history at a certain base of the second artillery corps .
the reporter recently learned that after six months of trial work , the base issued the " interim regulations on implementing the ' program for the implementation of ideological and political education ' and covered all small , scattered , and directly - administered units at the base . the base has officially operated .
in order to promote the implementation of the " outline of ideological and political education , " the base organized forces to conduct a thorough and thorough investigation of the current ideological and political education in small , distant , and outdated educational personnel , thus affecting and constraining the effectiveness of the grenade . a preliminary form of cooperative zone among small , scattered , and directly administered units has been formed .
the specific methods of the cooperation zone are to break the demarcation line between the unit establishment and the distribution of a brigade in a relatively concentrated film zone , and to the designated units of a brigade and regiment level in the small , remote , and directly subordinate units , to conduct education in the main theme , near the hearing class or the support - in - hand system .
adopting a flexible approach of combining promotion with competition to posts , we should make unified arrangements for educational resources , and we should use education hardware in the documentary district , and through sharing experience and education experience of various units , organize typical circuit reporting officers and men to exchange experiences in regular film zones , and organize and study personnel to exchange information and provide guidance for officers and men .
each cooperation zone has set up a training base for the education of the cadres and personnel who have acquired information technology .
on this basis , all cooperative areas have established a system of training for tackling difficult problems , such as providing emergency education for key enterprises , providing information on their urgent ideas , and assessing their performance .
zhang shengmin , director of the base 's political department , told the reporter that the establishment of a political education cooperation zone has not only reduced the waste of education resources but also deepened the educational results .
some political flaws are afraid of losing their positions in front of the officers and men of the foreign units , and they have taken the initiative to study new knowledge and explore new methods of education .
the officers and men who have been educated also actively used the contents of education , and are afraid of discussing and analyzing the foreign language in front of the officers and men of the neighboring units .
this kind of spine , and the passion of the horse has been effectively stimulated .
a certain mechanized battalion of the north sea fleet is assigned to the soldiers .
the reporter learned from the pla daily news , zhang junhong , that on 17 july , at a certain mechanic of the fuyang battalion of the beihai fleet , zhang weiliang , a deputy engineer of a certain regiment under the beihai fleet , who had worked on the front line for a long time , happily stepped onto the beidaihe train .
grade 6 officer luo xiangming told this author with great joy : leaders of the brigade care for the soldiers , and let us feel deeply moved . after we come back , we must work hard to bring up the work !
organizing grass - roots soldiers is still the first time this brigade is organized .
not long ago , yao xingsheng went deep into the grass roots to see that some soldiers in charge of the work braving the way to repair their equipment , and this has made yao qingsheng feel deeply moved .
the soldiers of the company have forgotten their jobs , and the party committee should care for the soldiers and take responsibility for the health of the soldiers . yao qingsheng 's words have won the support of everyone .
after studying the matter , the party committee decided to allocate the upper level to the unit 's full capacity to the soldiers working on the front line .
a certain unit of the jinan military region has made public its affairs of the hot spots ,
jiefangjun bao caption :
wang weiqin was a special mechanic baton li de , reports : on 25 july , the author saw at a certain unit of the jinan military region that a book written on the military engineering project bidding for financial expenses , the author 's promotion of the officer into the party , and other important public notices , which were displayed in the show .
political commissar su chengsen said that this is a major move taken by the unit to promote the system of making public affairs .
in order to strengthen the building of a sound party style and a clean government , the party committee of this unit formulated the " public notice on sensitive issues " of grass - roots supervision of organs , and other measures , calling for all major issues involving the immediate interests of officers and men and the building of the troops to make decisions , and also depending on the situation to make public the results of the routine procedures .
the unit has set up a spin display board , which has opened up its own spine plates , which extensively collect the opinions and suggestions of everyone .
early this year , the soldiers ' fitting and renovation project began to start , and the party committee organs solicited opinions from officers and men extensively . then , they issued tenders and information , and then conducted public bidding .
it has saved the funds and won the support of the officers and men .
the practice of making affairs known to the public has given impetus to the formation of a good atmosphere at the grassroots level .
in this unit , grass - roots companies , regardless of the fact that they are large in hot and sensitive issues , or small in the way they go to personal retirement pensions , have all insisted on regularly publicizing matters , consciously accepting the masses ' supervision .
( international ) study shows that shock of the housing is related to two genes
xinhua news agency , london , july 2 - scientists of iceland discovered two genes of mud - type mud - type mud - type human skin surfaces , far higher than ordinary people .
according to the latest issue of " natural " magazine , the spread of the disease in iceland has caused great concern among the researchers from iceland 's gene - swedish prayer , and the genes of several thousand people in hong kong , china .
the two genes discovered by scientists were very different from the chest in the early stage .
the shock of the room immediately moved , and it was the most difficult to get out of the brain , which led to a panic of the heart 's nervous and urgent pulse .
according to the " natural legacies " magazine published on the 1st , the crystallization company 's research on the corrosion of the remains of the deceased are also found in the human chromosome no. 17 , and the two types of genes related to the prelude cancer . among the genes of more than one third of the preythythine cases , they have played a certain role .
the study also found that one gene was very important in raising the risk of preyproid cancer among the people , and at the same time it also lowered the risk of diabetes .
us senator keler cup finals in new york
xinhua news agency , marathon , july 3 ( reporter liu jian )
according to reports by venezuelan media on 3 march , the 37 - year - old veteran keler said in an interview here that if the us cup finals cannot find suitable club effects , then he will be selected to retire .
if the us cup finishes , four to six weeks after the game , i still cannot get high - level team 1 - 2 .
the pathway of the monument , which has been in germany for the first time since the beginning of the year , has been able to play a leading role in the world .
although kelly was very interested in collecting the hand , it was like that in the marching government , he was obviously not worried about his family . he himself had already had eight teams that wanted to be invited to play for their own use .
however , this man who has served the western brain and the elder brother of the moral class said that he would ultimately choose the right to choose the family , my own child , and i am already nine years old . he followed me in three different countries to stay in the same age , and he has been a teacher of the same class .
at the recent gold cup , keler played a remarkable role in helping the team to win the championship .
the current american cup , he is still coach bradley , the principal coach , to take the heavy responsibility , but naihe 's fist and fist , is a young guard 's neuron , and the team is simply not argentina 's baomin 's pole , which is like this , a strong opponent , and his guard is the seven times that he has been in charge of .
the next round of the colombian team competition is very likely to be the one in the team and the other in the current american cup .
china 's maverstrand intelligent mobile phones to land in china
xinhua news agency , ottawa , july 27 - according to a report by the canadian " global post " , after eight years of efforts , the black - strawberry ( lahore ) of the canadian virgin cork ) company ( lucky ) finally won the approval of its mobile phones into the china market , and the first strawberry cell phone will be listed in china at the end of august .
the leader of the prayer , jimmy bob , said that he would build a new enterprise in china 's major cities such as shanghai , shanghai , etc.
the " global post " quoted a word from the name list of managers in beijing , saying that the 8700g type of black strawberry 's smart cell phones will land on the chinese market at the end of august , and the price is about $ 700 , and it has received 5,000 orders .
boucher said that the company 's products are not only exported to china , but also the market for hanye cell phones .
according to statistics , in the first quarter of this year , the number of newly added mobile phones in henggu , which have reached 1.12 - million , has reached 900,000 .
spanish : husbands killed in mongol
xinhua news agency , july 7 , a spanish woman was attacked by a monroyalty and she drank her brush face , and she found her hilly in the struggle .
according to a report by the local media on 6 june , the woman was found in a bandar city .
one day , a mongolian man was found inside a bag , thinking that it was a bandit , and told him to take money from the drawer .
but the man did not take money , but pinned the woman 's neck and wanted to get away .
she wants to use the method of death to transport it , but the man 's hand has not been released , or she has n't been kicked and pinching her neck .
during the struggle , the woman drank the face of the brain , but found that person was actually her husband .
the culprits have been arrested by the police .
the victim said to the media that because of their lack of affection , she and her husband are currently in the process of divorcing , and they have two children .
thirteen pilot resigned from the dongfang airline company to demand compensation of over 100 million yuan
xinhua news agency , july 11 , wuhan ( reporter liu yang and dawn )
thirteen pilots resigned , and zhuhai china eastern airlines ' limited liability company , ltd. , established as high as 105 - million yuan , to pay a huge amount of compensation . this is the biggest compensation for the so - called " compensation " case in hubei province .
the hubei labor dispute arbitration committee is currently trying the case .
in may this year , 13 pilots of the eastern airlines wuhan company successively submitted their resignations and were refused by the company .
later , the pilot made a series of requests to the hubei labor dispute arbitration committee in early june to terminate the dispute with the wuhan company .
the dongfang wuhan company received a notification , calling for a counteraction , asking 13 pilots to pay the costs of their illegal labor contracts , and to remove the losses of over 6 million yuan from the labor contract .
it is learned that the agreement between the pilots and the eastern airlines on a fixed term of labor contract , except for the conditions of terminating the labor contract or the condition of terminating the contract , will continue to be the legal retirement age of the pilot .
the hubei labor dispute arbitration committee has made an appeal and a counterappeal case to handle it , and is expected to conclude the trial before august 8 .
germany urges russia to pass russia 's border treaty
xinhua news agency , july 12 , canada ( reporter yang dehong ) - - german foreign minister steinmeier , who is currently visiting china , called on the russian side to pass the russian border treaty as soon as possible .
steinmeier said that the current visit to china by the two sides is aimed at promoting the development of bilateral relations and the eu 's cooperation .
at a news conference after the talks , schier said that the russian side should resolve the issue of the russian border as soon as possible .
steinmeier said that the entire country 's economy is improving , and that the pace of improving relations between the two countries is relatively slow . the signing of the treaty of the latvian - russian relations has witnessed the development process of the relations between russia , but the shadow of history may also cause russia to resign again , and he hopes that russia can pull the border treaty through as soon as possible to promote the development of bilateral relations .
on 27 march this year , after 10 years of negotiations , prime minister karpini visited china and russia 's prime minister mikhail kasyanov signed a border agreement in moscow .
on 17 may , the latvian parliament passed the border treaty between the two countries .
according to reports by the media , the russian parliament will vote on the treaty in the near future .
dprk , rok to hold sixth meeting
pyongyang , july 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will continue to work with the united states to promote the development of the relations between the two countries
the military representatives of the dprk and the rok held a military talk on 16 june in panmunjom , and the two sides decided to hold the sixth ministerial - level meeting between 24 and 26 .
according to a report by the central news agency , the dprk military representatives were shocked by the news that they had made a request for the extension of the yanping island to bailing island in the western waters of the dprk .
he said : to establish a common market , we must carry out the principle of seeking national glory and common prosperity to the maximum , and the principle of ensuring peace and stability .
speaking of the existence of legs on the sea , piao said that in order to prevent the two sides from engaging in military conflicts in the western region , the two sides should abandon their respective maritime boundary , acknowledge and respect each other , and regard the korean - korean relations as a whole as a related agreement between the dprk , the korean peninsula , and the universally recognized legal basis for consultation .
he said that the timely formulation of military support measures to promote the dprk - rok cooperation and exchange is the consistent stand of the dprk military .
he said : the rok side should take military measures to ensure the dprk 's non - governmental vessels can enter the waters of haizhou port directly to the south and to the south , and to enjoy freedom in the strait of jizhou .
this is another important meeting between the dprk and the rok in the near future since the 10 th of this month .
the fifth ministerial - level meeting between the dprk and the rok was held in the plains of the dprk from 8 may to 11 may .
hyundai motor denies intentional purchase of wolfowitz
xinhua news agency , july 18 , a spokesman for the hyundai motor company said in seoul on the 18th that the company had no intention of purchasing any brand of wolowiter or any motor company flag .
the sunday times and the new york times recently published a report on the mud sale of wolfowitz .
the sunday times even published a report saying that the rok 's hyundai motor company is a large potential state of wolfowitz .
a spokesman for the hyundai motor company said that we have a strong sense of interest in purchasing wolfowitz or pawn , and that modern state - owned enterprises are busy implementing their own expansion plans , and they are simply not on the same side .
in 1999 , the price of imported powered powered powered powered powered brands from the wolfowitz group of sweden was $ 6500 - million .
at present , wolfowitz and the tiger have all been under the control of the principal automobile group ( the internet ) .
in march this year , the money - losing enterprises were sold in the market of 840,000 yuan , which was once a month under the influence of the imperial state of the market .
( sports ) cuba 's killer attack on taiwan is too short
xinhua news agency , rio de janeiro , july 21 ( reporter chen weihua , feng tong )
on 21 march , the cuban delegation headed by buoyant , the winner of the pan - american games , will have an impact on the performance of the fists .
according to the rules of the international fists union , the rope of fists at international games should be 6.1 meters , but according to the cuban delegation 's coach pedro rodriguez roach , the current us sports meet will hit taiwan with a rope of 0.6 meters , a little smaller than the standard .
roke said that we have submitted a formal protest because this incident is not a case affecting the development of a country in cuba , but a question that involves all people .
the rope 's rope will be too short to avoid the blank of the fists .
he also said in a clay : if i could not find a way to pass the olympic standard , i could go to bypass .
as we know , we brought a lot of blood from cuba .
the mexican and colombian delegations also expressed their concern over the shooting of the rope .
colombian fists julioz de la bischer , though his first battle , said that although i have won the first battle , i have never seen any fists from the taiwan independence movement .
the export of the big white house 's coffee reactor to the overseas markets
xinhua news agency , shanghai , july 24 ( reporter xu shousong and yu lihong ) the reporter learned from the kongsheng garden ( group ) company that the big white rabbits of the shanghai port had resumed exports recently , and many overseas mothers also demanded that they have their orders overseas .
the kongyuan garden in singapore , the fuyang company , lin qingrong , recently sent a telegram to the coronary shengyuan group , saying that because singapore 's agricultural grain and the state - owned products ' products are not alrosive , they can be sold in the market normally , and therefore they are required to set up their production lines .
the malaysian miracle company , which is the crown of the kangsheng garden , said that it would request the kansheng garden to immediately send a large - scale bloom from shanghai to malaysia .
the cre of the " hong kong - based five trading company " also sent a telegram to the kongsheng garden , saying that the hong kong food safety centre had collected a large amount of white milk sugar in hong kong , and had confirmed that no formaldehyde was found .
the five fung trading company limited has received notification from the hong kong chinese lotus pit , which has restored sales of more than 100 coffee in hong kong .
it is learned that the 10 ports in shanghai , which used to be used for a time , have gradually resumed exports .
at present , seven containers are loaded with big white coffee sugar to singapore , and they are transmitting to singapore 's goalkeeper , malaysia 's peruvian , and other countries .
( international ) the cause of the attack of a british bomb threat arrested
london , july 26 ( xinhua ) british police announced on july 26 that the spam of the british spongiform mud - powered bomber was shot down in kristosa , a prefecture in lankaistra , on july 23 .
the police said that this person is called puncture , 51 , who is a unemployed person . he will be punished by the media for blackmail and making a bomb .
on 14 july , the 14 th , 14 british domestic heliport suiyo butcho was urgently summoned by the police for the threat of bombs , and the next day it was restored to business .
the british people have purchased the weapons at the peak time , and at that time 14 of them closed down , causing the biggest loss to the british family , the biggest loss of the products , and the sales income .
the british police later threatened the bomb .
( sports ) change of flower period for beijing olympic games
beijing , july 28 ( xinhua ) the olympic games will be held next year , with the humid august beijing expected to become a key maritime city .
by means of changing the flower period and other technical means , scientific researchers have found a good idea of increasing the color of the olympic games .
the summer olympics held in beijing on 28 june selected the best strains of new varieties and applied research on the application of plasma , and the evaluation of experts concluded that the adoption of new technology to promote control and promote the different types of nutrition and varieties of natural flowers may be opened in the same period of summer , and the best effect of acquiring the best effect of the 8th games held in beijing .
in the summer of beijing , it is usually only a dozen or so of that can be opened up , and most of them are far from being declining , or they have not reached the level of being placed in .
after making efforts , the scientific research personnel selected the best of the world 's top 500 varieties of seed , which are in summer olympics .
at the beijing haidian park , the chinese olympic games ' rotation of the moon will be displayed in the beijing olympics .
turkey 's ruling party wins parliamentary election
xinhua news agency , july 30 th , by reporter jian wang , the turkish supreme election commission announced on the 30th that the final results of the 23 rd parliamentary election showed that the ruling and development party had won 541 seats , of which 341 seats were reelected , and that the party had won a right to pull out .
at the parliamentary election held on 22 july , the main opposition party , the republican party , won a seats .
the national action party won 71 seats in the election .
apart from the three political parties mentioned above , 26 members were elected .
the new parliament will hold a first meeting in august .
all members of the legislative council will be sworn in and will be performing their duties .
after that , the parliament will elect a new parliamentary speaker through a nonvoting method .
the turkish parliament election was originally scheduled to be held in november , but in the presidential election at the end of april , the opposition party was unhappy with the only candidate , and the party 's deputy prime minister and foreign minister , al-jaer , boycotted , resulting in the presidential election defeat and the parliamentary election was pushed forward ahead of schedule .
