white house urges early dispatch of nuclear inspectors to monitor north korea 's closure of nuclear reactor
the white house today called for the early dispatch of nuclear inspectors to monitor north korea 's closing of its nuclear reactor , while the white house was set up on the phone between us president bush and south korean president bush .
white house national security council spokesman chea chea said that the two leaders discussed today the us - south korea summit on the nuclear issue in north korea .
zhuo pointed out that the two presidents also expressed satisfaction with the joint statement on free trade agreement signed yesterday by the united states and south korea , and will work to ensure that the two countries ' congress approves this agreement .
experts believe that pyongyang has produced a large quantity of plutonium in the past 20 years , and has built 12 nuclear weapons .
the us delegation visited china last week after the talks , and said that he expected the nuclear reactor in yongbyon would be closed in mid - july .
heavy rains hit 43 in western india
the torrential rains hit western india on weekend , and the floods in some areas , the great city in west china , and the coastal city in west china are open .
rescue officials said today that 43 people were killed in the blaze .
the number of days from june to september , the hot rain brought by the year of the year , often causes india , a country with a population of 1 billion , to be affected by unbalanced floods , and even causes casualties .
the current havoc of half of the victims was drowning , while the other ones were drowning their homes or shaking their houses .
the center of indian finance also received a great deal of aid .
in the two days of 29 days , the palm army , the red army , the red army , was a red army , and the red army , red army , red army , red army , red army , and red army , were red army .
the chief executive , bazarak , said that the army had thirteen deaths .
city government officials call on residents to live in the water for blood instead of going out for a little bit of rainy days to protect their own safety .
the rain was slightly fine yesterday , and most areas were still flooded today .
nearly 500 people die in indian floods
according to reports by officials and media , the number of heavy rains caused by the nationwide rainstorm has climbed to 400,000 people this year .
the jiulong government , the government in charge of reconstruction and the state affairs bureau , revealed today that the various indian provinces have recently rebuilt their homes , and the casualties and economic losses in various places have increased by only half of the villages in india 's largest city , and the number one city in india , the largest city of india , currently has reached 300,000 people .
the report said that qadan was visiting china after visiting the army , and made the above remarks to the media reporters .
he said : at the same time , it is india 's largest cotton producing area , and the entire territory is vast in the sea . it has 27 cotton fields , including the southern parts of the country , suffered serious flooding due to heavy floods . over 10,000 disaster victims were safely assembled .
the entire indian ocean flows from south to north , and has entered into the country one week ago . the residents of various provinces have been holding a dry year and greeting the rainy weather , but they have not expected that the rain is unexpected and violent . a rainstorm will come into being , highways change , and low - lying areas have no water , and traffic and police are still operating in a standstill , and the statistics of nearly 500 people are now killed .
the wimbledon tennis player george kovic stepped into the finals
the red land king of spain today called a grand ceremony for the chinese men 's team in vain , the red star in the war , the concubine , the star vogovic , the queen elizabeth , the star rode in the finals , the swiss star player , the swiss star ville , the world champion , the french team of the war .
the new world cup is the first time the world cup has been held in the last two years , the official said .
the fourth seed , civikovic , lost three to six , a six - year , 6 - a - one - ahead second seed , and won the second seed .
apart from the first day of the naijing race , the nawa was forced to reap its first home under a broken situation , and the two places of war were also on the other side leading the other two .
satellites show that iran 's tunnels are likely to be used for protecting nuclear equipment
the us think tank science and international security institute said today that commercial satellites show iran is developing nuclear technology in the nastitzvi enrichment facility .
these are the products of the united states , the united states , the great country , the republic of korea , the united states , and the pearl bay area of the united states on june 11 .
the research institute is located in washington , where it offers research projects for non - profit research organizations .
the revelation shows that in the southern part of the nazitz facility , the park is being built along the mountain , and the facility is a uranium enrichment factory .
analysts albright and bremer said in a report that the us economy is developing rapidly in the middle of the tunnel , but it is not clear , but the road overshadowed by the country seems to be accessible to a tunnel facility , and the other road may also be heading for the cht 's main road .
they said : it is a rare phenomenon like this in digging the tunnel facilities inside the mountain , giving expression to the utmost protection when the tunnel was under air raids .
un envoy calls for nuclear talks iran tough
the un international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) deputy director - general kheininini said here today that the talks were held in beijing with iranian officials to resolve the iranian nuclear program once again .
however , iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad has been under the pressure of further sanctions imposed by the united nations , still stubbornly resisting the united states .
the great torchbearers of iran will not stop uranium enrichment , but the latest talks are welcome .
he said : the installation of vagrants can slow down or speed up , and this is a question of execution , but no one should expect that we will abandon our rights . we will not stop this path .
he was arriving in nooning after arrival in the army .
the purpose of this trip to hyinen is to formulate a plan to resolve the iranian nuclear program 's nuclear program .
the united nations cannot freeze uranium enrichment , and has implemented two sanctions against iran .
the government of the republic of korea and the republic of iran have been working on the project , said the ministry of commerce .
the members of the iranian delegation include the deputy chairman of the iaea , seyyed , and ambassador of the iaea , santaniye .
the east china silk road will be a new government of the palestinian government .
the palestinian authorities have also reinforced the manga after a month of operation by the authorities .
the minister of agriculture and social affairs , hhabi , told afp : prime minister fahd al-fahd has presented his resignation to chairman abbas and has also demanded that he be responsible for handling the new cabinet government in routine administrative affairs .
the mourning of abbas told afp that the resignation of fatah , abbas ordered him to carry out his current duties until he retains the new government .
the respected economic scholar , fyade , proposed his resignation , but only the program invitation .
since the end of last month , france and yad have been leading the palestinian emergency cabinet to implement abbas ' violent attacks in the wake of the gaza strip .
according to the basic law of the palestinian autonomous government , without the approval of the parliament , no more than 30 days will be allowed , but the current self - government council is now paralyzed .
the government 's authorization has expired today .
wto representative proposes new case to break the deadlock of the doha round of talks
the wto 's main negotiators proposed today that the united states substantially reduce subsidies for agriculture , and developing countries substantially reduce the import tariffs on industrial products to break the deadlock of the doha round of trade talks .
the new draft law will not require the united states to provide subsidies to agriculture every year from now to more than 160 us dollars , but also to the south of the country , the developing countries will import tariffs of industrial products to the below levels of industrial production .
these proposals were aimed at breaking the deadlock of the talks over the past six years and bringing about a new round of multilateral trade negotiations among wto members .
the secretary - general of the wto said that these proposals are aimed at achieving balance in development and are based on development as a direction of fair and reasonable basic .
lamy said : the proposal of un member states will not be completely satisfied , but the current disastrous problem has been resolved less than a consensus .
he called for intensive public negotiations in the next few weeks .
the impact of the strong earthquake and the traditional chinese medicine , the automobile plant , or the car industry .
japan was hit by a strong earthquake and a shortage of cars , and its economy is developing in good shape today .
the republic of japan suffered 6.8 degrees of earthquakes and the car manufacturer , zero - sized chinese restaurant , was forced to suspend production in tokyo , and several small factories were forced to suspend production .
the world 's largest car dealer , a female spokesperson , said that tonight , the country will suspend its domestic automobile production .
nissa spokesman nissa said that from next day until the 23rd , japan 's three factories were in the factory of japan , and that the two factories will be closed for some production and will reassess the situation on the weekend .
he said that both factories have two paths , one of which is a pond affected .
suzuki said that the three - day suspension of some production , production , reproduction , and reproduction of aristocrats will begin tomorrow .
the xijiao motor said that it may temporarily suspend some supplies from yanglai and the virtual supply next week .
the earthquake caused at least 10 deaths and a little injury , and several hundred houses were destroyed in the house , forcing the people of the disaster area to stop putting up .
after seizing the opportunity , indonesia cancelled the british green bag .
today , the government said that in view of the upsurge of the purchase in hong kong earlier this month caused the loss , indonesia has cancelled the british bag of environmental protection activities .
the bus stop at the indonesian square in high consumption area , the frontier of the meizhi , the capital of hong kong , said : in view of the incident in hong kong , we have abolished the environmental protection bag .
if the public were to buy a house of lawless people with a total value of 140,000 ( about nt $ 400,000 ) , then it did not have that price .
the people of hong kong gathered in the shop on the 6 th to buy a chinese medicine , which was bought by britain 's home , the nei - chia , the designs of the chungyin , i am not a hot pit of the restaurant , but the shop refused to give birth to the family , triggering a situation after the family refused to go to the scene .
this model , which is a product of environmental protection , attempts to replace the bags , but unexpectedly it was unexpectedly became a popular target in london and new york , triggering the purchase and auction of the website , the price of the home - made heir has already reached several times the zero price .
the only one in indonesia that won the title of the king of the country , the imperial imperial college , said it was not sure whether the products will be sold in a few days .
the family of the south korean hostages and the direct negotiations between south korea and china
the kidnapping of 23 south korean hostages in afghanistan and the deadline for south korea today is set for south korea to withdraw its troops from the country of afghanistan , otherwise the hostages will be killed .
with the passing of a minute and a second , the situation has developed in a positive direction , and today , south korean officials began talks with the yi organization for the first time .
however , it also said that another girl , who was kidnapped , was in good health and was not in a state of hostages .
the republic of korea urges germany to withdraw its troops from afghanistan and to seek the release of these hostages to exchange 33 prisoners imprisoned by the afghan government .
the spokesman armady accepted an afp interview at the unidentified location , saying that through the tribal elder , we communicated directly with south korean representatives .
amadi said : we hope that this round of talks will yield results , and the two countries will not cease their hostilities .
the refinery local time ( 10 : 30 p.m . taiwan time ) is the deadline , and the time of the killing of south korean hostages will begin .
the army has been postponed twice .
maritime dispute makes it difficult to reach consensus the military talks between the two koreas dispersed
as the boundary line dividing each side for a three - day meeting between the top leaders of the south and north koreas was dispersed today .
in the border cities , talks were held today , and the agenda of the last day was reached . north korea 's chief representative kim jong - chol , saying : after the chinese army made its conclusions , we will no longer need to hold talks without results .
the red face clearly looked and looked unhappy .
he pointed out that the northern area was not legal .
the xibei railway line , the chin line , opened for the us military in 1953 after the korean war ended , but it has become the focus of the dispute between the two koreas in recent years , and north korea has even refused to acknowledge it .
north korea said that south korea illegally invaded the waters and triggered tensions , and south korea said that this accusation was not based .
the outbreak of clashes in local waters in june 1999 caused the deaths of dozens of north korean sailors .
the second clash was reported in june 2002 , and six south koreans unfortunately died .
us finance minister visits china to protect environment and exchange rate
us treasury secretary colin powell arrived in china yesterday and the united states is making every effort to persuade china to further implement the necessary economic reform and environmental protection work , especially the issue of the renminbi exchange rate , which has been of great concern to the chinese side .
us diplomats said that powell had gone to china 's northwest region to attend the chick lake in qinghai .
currently , china has the largest lake in chelvis , carrying out a series of environmental protection plans .
bob today transferred to beijing to hold talks with chinese officials on promoting the " red star " project launched last year .
the us - china strategic economic dialogue mainly discussed economic issues , such as environmental protection , but the most important issue is the issue of the rmb exchange rate . us congressmen believe that the rmb is overvalued .
the us - china trade deficit is rapidly increasing pressure within the us and the us congress is prepared to take retaliatory action to oppose their so - called china unfair trade policy .
last week , the us senate finance committee passed a bill with an overwhelming vote , demanding that the treasury consider the currency exchange rate basically wrong and the country that is secretly pursuing a economic sanctions against beijing .
us congressmen have said that the renminbi is undervalued , which has caused china to sell its goods to the united states very much , exacerbating the trade imbalance between the united states and china last year , and the trade deficit against china reached $ 2.5 billion .
he said : the chinese government has successfully restored the grain of the han dynasty 60 .
starting from the beginning of the year , mary naio has been playing a role in media speculation in the future . however , like before , portugal has once again stressed that he will not have to go to the western part of london this summer .
some newspapers listed 14 famous young girls in the west , but i still remember the old ones in the west .
musnio reiterated that he hopes that one day he will be able to pick up the cathedral of the portuguese team , and i really want to follow the church , i believe there will always be a day that the portuguese football association hopes to employ me as the main force in portugal .
however , the 44 - year - old musician did not intend to contribute his entire life to soccer , and he said he would retire before 60 , and he did not want to be a player like bryant , robertson and fraser , until the year of the year .
i have already made a promise to my wife , i will not be like robertson and fraser , but i will still be an education - age 70 .
the great banner of the chinese nation is also vying with the chinese people , who are 60 years old .
i have too many things that i cannot do now awaiting me to do .
i do n't want to become a football advisor or or a technical director , such as baradei or sarbasy .
i do n't want to play such a role .
i do n't want to become a club chairman , i just want to completely fight the ball , mi nizo stressed .
( qi liang )
cao shengsheng , wang bing , a villager in hongdong village , shanxi , tried the operation ( photo )
in july , the state council sent a message of congratulations to the national people 's congress standing committee , the county 's central intermediate court , the first trial of the victory of the guangxi zhuang autonomous region of hongdong county , wang bing , a soldier of the chinese army , started operation .
many domestic media have been paying attention to the progress of this case .
because the local departments concerned are rather cautious , some reporters are unable to enter the site for interviews .
currently , the chick is still in progress .
according to the criminal court of the linfen city intermediate court , if the gang smoothly and the criminal trial is expected to end on that day ,
however , whether the court can pronounced the verdict is still unknown .
at about 9 am , a reporter noticed that the linfen city intermediate court was outside the gate . the router was calm and traveled between the two places .
perhaps the court is conducting activities of camps , but it seems that it is routine .
it will result in the time of the stroke , and it is believed that the law is fair .
a person who traveled here looked very much like the national emblem , and he himself said himself .
prior to this , news from hongdong county confirmed that the father wang bing , cao shengchun , the former party branch secretary of qiongsheng village , was dismissed from the post of deputy to the people 's congress in accordance with the law .
prior to this , wang dongwei had a red army gymnast in the baitong [ name as transliterated ] case and was removed from the post of secretary of the village party branch and expelled from the party .
the " red chamber " of commerce in shanxi , which was triggered by the wang bing 's criminal gang 's case , once drew attention from home and abroad . the central leadership issued an instruction calling for a strict investigation .
the two sides exchanged views on developing light industry and underground resources .
chinanews , july 8 .
the democratic people 's republic of korea ( dprk ) and the republic of korea ( rok ) reached an agreement on cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources on 7 june .
according to the agreement , the rok will provide the dprk with equipment and other light industrial raw materials for the production of light industrial products , and the dprk will grant some domestic extraction rights to south korea .
according to a report by the japan broadcasting association , the rok and the dprk held a meeting in kaesong in three days to discuss issues concerning the development of light industry and underground resources .
according to the agreement , south korea will provide north korea with garments and soap raw materials , with a total value of 96.5 yen .
the dprk will regard the three domestic blocks as a measure to restrict the rok .
the rok government will withdraw its troops from the renchuan port in the western part of the country on 25 july , and will send 500 tons of contractual materials to the dprk in the first batch of counties .
according to the plan , beginning 28 july , the rok and the dprk will carry out a joint investigation into the east of the dprk .
the rok government started its aid to the dprk for 400,000 tons of rice .
at a time when the dprk expressed its willingness to actively implement the agreement reached by the six countries , including the closing of nuclear facilities , the dprk and the rok , once again , are becoming more active in economic cooperation .
lanzhou commodities bureau excludes price of beef from the market , explaining the price limit for beef meat : the price is only limited by a large increase .
chinanews , lanzhou , july 10 ( huang )
this afternoon , the lanzhou city commodities bureau invited relevant departments to submit their views on the limitation of beef prices .
at the press conference , it was learned that the bureau and other departments jointly issued a maximum price limit for a piece of paper , mainly because the price of beef was too large and exceeded the capacity of ordinary residents to bear .
it is learned that the increase in beef prices this time was as high as 20 % , and data statistics show that this was the largest increase in the total price of beef meat in lanzhou since the beginning of the 1980 s , and the biggest increase was the shortest .
" the government 's behavior is to consider the common needs of the local residents , and we have to set a maximum price for our services after a cost survey . "
on 26 may , the lanzhou city bureau of commodity administration , the food bureau of the state administration of industry and commerce , and four other departments jointly imposed the maximum price of imported meat , causing strong concern .
it is understood that the forum was aimed at extensively listening to the views of various circles and laying a foundation for the next step of taiwan 's concrete management measures . according to what is revealed , lanzhou will hold a news conference tomorrow .
this will be lanzhou city 's first case of beef price hikes .
china 's regional development council suspended for three months
chinanews , july 11 - according to news from the china national offshore oil corporation , july 9 , china 's regional development promotion association made a decision to stop its activities for three months .
the punishment order shows that the china regional development council still has the following illegal acts : one super standard collected , two after use , another after popularizing non - member units , another fee was collected from non - member units .
after investigations , the standards of the residents ' organizations are 22,000 yuan a year , and the number of their members is 60,000 in june until february 2007 . the total number of their members is 60,000 , which is more than 20 units .
the regulations on registration of social groups shall be implemented as soon as possible in accordance with the first paragraph ( 8 ) of the social organization registration management ordinance .
the rok government hopes to speed up the process of denuclearization on the peninsula through the six - party talks
chinanews , july 12 - according to a report by the korean news agency , the rok government is very concerned about the upcoming six - party talks delegation head meeting to be held in beijing on the 18th .
a spokesman for the rok ministry of foreign affairs and trade issued a commentary on 12 june , expressing the hope that the talks would be concluded as soon as possible at the head of the delegation to the six - party talks and that the measures to be taken at the next stage would be implemented as soon as possible , and that concrete and substantive steps to be taken to accelerate the process of denuclearization of the korean peninsula .
the commentary also said : as a core of the dprk nuclear issue , the chinese government will continue to strive for the quick and successful realization of the denuclearization of the korean peninsula , and will continue to play a positive role in this respect .
officials disclosed that the beijing olympics is expected to create the biggest number of participating countries and regions
chinanews , july 16 .
according to xinhua news agency , the beijing olympic games committee vice minister wang shilin disclosed on 14 june that the beijing olympic organizing committee will hold a briefing on the olympic committee 's 205 member ioc next month to the 205 members of the olympic committee , who will attend the olympic games .
he said that if no accident happens , the beijing olympic games will become a major event in history for all participating countries and regions .
the report said that from 10 to 12 april , wang shilin , on behalf of the beijing olympic organizing committee , briefed the pan mei sports organization conference on the progress of preparations for the beijing olympic games , including construction of transportation facilities , and the unification of the country , including construction of transportation facilities .
wang shilin said that pan - american sports organizations and other member countries and regions have expressed their strong interest in participating in the beijing olympics , and all 42 members have confirmed that they will participate in the olympic games in beijing next month .
it is learned that at this meeting , the international olympic committee will hold discussions with the beijing olympic organizing committee on inviting the 205 members of the international olympic committee to participate in the olympic games .
china 's top legislator on anti - corruption work
wang yan 's injury improved , ' he insisted on ' taking on the stool 's limbs ' and restored ' two - level ' [ level two ] .
the emperor yan has been able to sit on the wooden wooden bench , but she could not stay too long , and she would feel dizzy . yesterday , the director of the sports center of zhejiang , wu xiying , told the reporter ,
the injured wang yan was not in the match but was in a state of continuation . he was right in the left limbs muscles and more than 10 days ago , and was in the midair , the two sides of the ocean .
this month , wang yan arrived in the xijiaotong district of shanghai 's sixth college .
in the last half month , wang yan 's upper limbs muscles have improved further .
doctors say that wang yan 's cells have reached 4 degrees or higher , more than 5 degrees above normal .
in other words , in less than half a month , wang yan 's upper limbs have resumed their palm and the two types of palm .
before , wang yan was able to work in the chaichi with doctors ' help for five minutes .
rehabilitation experts in the hospital originally planned to let wang yan receive a treatment in the protection of rehabilitation beds last weekend .
however , according to wang yan 's current recovery , the intoxication training in the area of the relocation of the troops can only be postponed temporarily .
wu xixiying said that wang yan 's current training mainly uses the method of using the hot sail , her can enjoy the same treatment on the wooden bench , but her time is still too long . ( wang wei ) , reporter , wang wei , is a journalist .
venezuelan president says drastically reducing high - level salaries
chinanews , july 23 - according to a roundup of the 23rd , venezuelan president chavez made a speech on the venezuelan domestic and foreign policies .
he said that the substantial reduction of senior civil servants ' wages .
he also said that foreigners coming to venezuela would be facing serious consequences if they attack the venezuelan government .
the government officials have been ordered to closely monitor foreigners ' comments during their visit to venezuela and discovered that anyone who openly criticized him or the venezuelan government would be expelled .
he said in a televised speech on the evening of 22 march that venezuela could not tolerate foreigners running to their homes and shouting slogans .
in his speech , he also pointed out that the civil service 's wages will be substantially reduced .
he said that the wages of venezuelan public servants cannot exceed us dollars per month .
it is reported that in venezuela , some impoverished people 's monthly income is $ .
on the issue of reducing civil servants ' salaries in latin american countries , it has become a common practice and has won the support of the broad masses .
peru and other countries ' leaders have all cut their salaries .
the cuban leader also reminded him to pay attention to the us - led war , the operation .
he said that carlos presented a picture of his american central chick dynasty , the first secretary of the central government of the united states , please see the latest developments in the central intelligence bureau , and the secret of the bureau .
the united states has not concluded its first round of hearings on the spy case , but it has temporarily suspended its ban on the british rotation of the plane .
on the evening of beijing time , the international automobile association council held a meeting on the faraway technology espionage case in paris and was summoned to be the first batch of mai kai after it fled : the council decided to not stop the pham kai wheel for the time being .
the international automobile federation official website issued a statement after the hearing , saying that the park , the largest port in the country , the largest city in china , has the name of farahi , but the current situation is not sufficient to prove that these materials are unorthodox used in the international automobile association first wave of the international auto union ( ippa ) , and that the first wave of international competition will not be punished .
however , the flawed faffles case has not been classified as a kind of secret .
the council of automobile sports will consider the decision as " a great victory " if found in the future , the republic would be forced to use the information related to the fatah championship .
the number of mai kai , who has been suspended from his post , former chief designer of mclick co. , was found to have held nearly 800 pages of fafari technical documents , including the design of the racing vehicle in 2007 , the construction of the mai mai testing the development and operation of the gymnast and the demonstration of the chlorine .
maikai , the halt of her duty , did n't have other people know that this was a piece of information , but the rotary wheel of the wheel of the wheel of the wheel of the wheel of the wheel of the race car was not known as the french army .
wang yuan :
experts believe that the insurance industry has no special features of sinking out funds in the short term .
chinanews , july 30 .
according to a report by china securities news , the " regulations on management of investment in insurance funds outside the country " was promulgated a few days ago , and insurance funds have broader space for utilizing the capital market .
china 's top investment company , liu lefei , believes that the appreciation of the rmb and the development of the domestic capital market are good , and that insurance institutions will not buy foreign currency on a large scale in the short term , and this also means that the insurance authorities , the domestic stock market , will not be diverted for the domestic stock market in the short term .
the report says that many insurance institutions hold the same view .
experts say that since there is no market for renminbi products , insurance institutions are still not able to avoid risks , and large - scale purchases of foreign currencies are not yet ripe .
liu lefei said that in the long run , in terms of asset allocation , overseas investment should be more important in the overall disposition of insurance companies .
however , in view of the current relatively great pressure of appreciation of the renminbi , china mainly uses its foreign exchange funds to invest overseas .
as for foreign investment in the purchase of foreign exchange , under the current circumstances , we should be cautious in dealing with it .
( still )
this year , china has directly lost 52.5 - billion yuan in its total losses , and its total plan for flood prevention and drought control is as follows :
this reporter has learned from the general headquarters of the state flood control and drought relief headquarters that , by july , the whole country had 181 million mu of land affected by the disaster , 54.14 million of which were affected , 1.19.15 million people were affected , 652 people died in disaster areas , 4552 households in the houses of the deceased , 525 million people directly suffered from the disaster , and 550 million people were affected by the disaster .
the area of farmland nationwide is 144 - billion mu , and the residents are now returning to the country because of drought , the red army is in difficulty .
in july , the national general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control , in view of the current severe flood prevention and drought control situation , urgently made arrangements .
he called on all provinces and regions along the huaihe river to strengthen the flood - control and flood - control period , seize the great victory of the people in flood prevention period , and seize all the victories of flood - fighting .
the state general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control and agriculture have dispatched three work teams , one line of flood prevention and the other one , to guide flood prevention and drought control work .
currently , the work of flood prevention is being carried out in a tense and orderly manner , and the operation of the hongxi river is also being carried out , and the water of the three provinces of henan , anhui , jiangsu , is being put into operation in the country .
the dry stream is not great .
the xixian county of heilongjiang and jiangxi started an emergency response to combat drought in accordance with their plans , and the drought - fighting work is now being carried out in an orderly and orderly manner .
china 's top legislator wu bangguo met here tuesday with a delegation from the united states , the european union ( eu ) , the united states and japan .
chen shuibian secretly criticized judicial involvement in the election taiwan 's " judicial yuan " denied and asked him to explain the matter .
in july , the seven - day program of the taiwan authorities , chen shui - bian [ chen shuibian ] , questioned the people in taiwan who attempted to get involved in the election of leaders in the taiwan region .
the administrative department of taiwan 's china national government , the high - powered administrative college , said that the current performance of judges on the island is not consistent with chen shui - bian 's words , and it also requires chen shui - bian to explain it .
according to taiwan 's " chunga " report , chen shui - bian questioned the judge or investigators on 30 june , but because of political factors or election considerations , the intervention itself may even affect the election activities of the candidates of various parties , saying that he hopes that this phenomenon will not exist in taiwan , but it is very difficult .
in response to chen shui - bian 's question , the court president of taiwan 's supreme court , yue sheng , did not respond , the secretary general , the guangqun , the high - gold banner , the high - hot prairie , the supreme judicial department , spoke on behalf of the supreme judicial authorities .
kao jin - che said that taiwan 's basic law and the code of judges both clearly state that judges should not participate in political activities , nor should they participate in political party activities . judges are very concerned about the restrictions imposed by the parties , and the authorities believe that the judges are doing very cautious , and they believe that the judges are doing good .
gao jinzhi pointed out : the high school , the high school judge , zhang hongxi , joined a few years ago in a school curriculum in kadena , which is a political party - colored curriculum , provides a resolution for the self - discipline committee of judges .
zhang shengxi once wanted to attend the dpp 's " maize " and finally decided to abandon it because he had a job in the election .
gao jinchi held that if the trial of individual cases is conducted , the court will not be overshadowed by the ruling alone .
germany to reduce the introduction of professional personnel
the reporter learned from the xinhua news agency , berlin , 1 july ( reporter wang huaicheng ) .
german minister of education and scientific research sha man - suen said recently that germany should lower the " law " to provide preferential policies for the introduction of foreign professional personnel and to increase the number of foreign personnel to solve the problems facing germany in professional personnel , which is currently facing germany .
according to the oecd report , the population of the country , which is between 15 and 64 , will decrease year by year .
if there is no enough immigrants , and by 20:00 , german labor will be reduced by 6 percent .
however , the german federation of employers and the german engineers association reported that in germany 's current labor market , engineers ' professional technicians are relatively large .
according to statistics from the federal labor bureau , in may this year , the number of engineers in germany 's labor market was approximately 17,700 , with technicians supplying about 600,000 tons of rice .
to protect their own employment , germany has set up a relatively high level of threshold for the introduction of foreign talent .
" the law " stipulates that non - eu countries ' professionals are not allowed to live in germany under the protection of 8.55 million euros , or else they cannot receive the permission to work and live in germany .
shahwan suggested that this quota be lowered to the minimum .
we should not only cherish superstition and law but also pursue theory .
the draft amendment to the law on lawyers , which has been submitted to the npc standing committee for deliberation recently , stipulates : units and individuals who have engaged in legal research and other specialized work have special skills , such as high - ranking personnel or other professional personnel , who apply for law enforcement , have been examined and approved by the judicial and administrative departments of the state council , and may be allowed to practise as lawyers .
( 28 june , china ) " no . 1 " )
there are great theories and great masters of china and great practice in the legal field , the former mainly includes legal teaching and research work , and the small and medium - sized enterprises under the latter are mostly engaged in litigation , consultation , legal services , and other specific activities such as the latter .
for a long time , the theory and the practice of the chinese people have been very eye - catching in the country , and the theory of the great family of the chinese people , the theory of the chinese people 's liberation army [ pla ] is a theory of the mechanized army , the actual situation of the armed forces , and the great contributions made by the theoretic circles to the theory of the chinese revolution and the practice of the great mechanized warfare .
with regard to such differences in division of labor , what the law can do is to maintain , not to support , any kind of country .
however , the reins of lawyers in the " law of lawyers " have been objectively recognized by the law and the great unity of the legal circles , which is higher than those of the law .
in fact , some foreign enterprises engaged in legal system , such as the international law of the legal system , and experts and scholars in teaching , and their theory has been very deep and also very much in line with the actual work of the law .
thus , the lawyers ' system is undoubtedly a kind of law , but it is not a simple condition that the people of china are able to live in a good mood .
the great blind faith in theory is not only not only these , but also the experts and experts will regularly influence and even veto court judgments .
china - funded ships are encouraged to fly high .
the pla navy 's air force unit has successfully completed its first - phase training of its first - phase missile development project .
from the state council 's press conference , it was learned that starting 1 july this year , china will implement the plan for the establishment of china - invested international shipping ship special administrative region , encouraging chinese - funded ships flying foreign flags to obtain the chinese ships ' registration and return to china to carry out navigation , china 's ships are now operating on their own .
to further promote the healthy development of china 's maritime transportation industry and strengthen the country 's ship , the ministry of maritime affairs issued a circular on the special topic of china 's participation in international shipping business , which was triggered by the registration and hanging of foreign flag . the ministry of communications recently issued a " circular on the special registration policy for chinese - invested international shipping vessels " , which explicitly states that the conditions for the special treatment policy and application procedures for the special case are stipulated , and that the
the application shall be made by the dalian ship in shanghai .
britain 's policy of lowering terrorist attacks and arrests
the reporter learned from the xinhua news agency , london , july 5 ( reporter guo lin )
the british government launched a terrorist attack from the highest level to the lowest level in the country , and this indicated that the british terrorist attack would not occur soon , but the attack would still be extremely likely .
at present , the british police are shifting the investigation scope to india and australia .
the eight arrested terrorist attacks were all under medical treatment .
it is reported that nearly 1,000 employees in british public health care systems are not allowed to work overseas .
the prime minister also demanded that the residents of high - tech immigrants be investigated and the employers or related organizations be requested to provide background information .
after the merchants are allowed to do something
the xi'an tourism project is a brilliant feat of the chinese people , and it is a natural phenomenon that enjoys the greatest degree of civilization in society .
but in china , many people are suffering such a kind of annoying , and they are being attacked by traders and doing intermediary business .
both cars and trains , and vehicles , and vehicles always suffer small businesses .
it is not a salvage , a burn pickle , a newspaper , or a journal , and many other unlicensed intermediary agencies , such as the intermediary , even the permit , etc.
if you do n't accept it , he can follow you several hundred meters , it 's very difficult to become benevolent .
in some places , many of them have the same feelings .
without the entrance , there are people like the tourism industry and the little bumps .
after entering the door , this situation will be even more . no matter how good it is , yaxing is also mired in a few words .
according to a media report , many foreign tourists in xian have a great impact on the xi ' an monument , but they have also expressed their admiration for the small merchants who have received more than the reactors ' clamor .
the station , the wind , the soul of the station , is the country 's most important and most unique place , and should be civilized and harmonious .
the freedom of vendors , the chaotic mentality of the vendors , the objective damage to these homes of the public , and the formation of a protective umbrella and environmental pollution . at the same time , it also provided conditions for the operators and opportunities .
what is important is that these are the windows for the construction of spiritual civilization in hong kong , and the entire bag of the country , damaged not only the image issue , but also the impact on local economic development .
just think , if you want to become a big and powerful tourist industry , you will use such a chaotic and beautiful tourist environment to welcome the arrival of guests from south to north , who will come ?
your tourism economy has achieved any results ?
with the arrival of the peak tourist season , the city has created a new civilization for tourists from all over the country . it should be said that the task of the moment is to be called a task of top priority .
it is not a market , a small business hawker 's business behavior should be standardized , and the business of a uncertified business should be resolutely abolished , and illegal activities should be resolutely cracked down .
a civilized and orderly environment can allow the young people to feel happy and to live in peace and love the country .
in one sentence , let traders not let go .
the government will take the initiative to repay and reward the military 's excellent achievements .
the construction of the dongcheng district in beijing has issued electric products and other products , as a measure to provide low - income protection for 12 households on their own initiative .
( xinjing bao ) 10 july
i am pleased to see the improvement of these family life , but i have taken the initiative to retreat , and the plus the rewards , the practice of rewarding families , is in a complex mood .
jixi district office deputy director said that the village decapitated its residents and encouraged them to return home voluntarily because of the low - income insurance problem .
if this model is to encourage other low - income insurers to get rid of their difficulties through their own efforts , it is indeed worth advocating , and if they want to use this to call it , those who have long been swindling to maintain their low - income status , then they are not spared .
in the course of differentiating and sorting out insured households , we should rely more on the law .
relevant departments should strengthen the protection of the rights and interests of the minimum subsistence allowance households , such as promptly notifying family members and changes in income , reporting on employment , accepting periodic reexamination , and other relevant departments should step up supervision and inspection .
after all , the policies of retreating according to law will not last long .
the street has not yet received the rewards of the family , and who is buried the bill ?
as a primary government organization , neighborhood committees are earmarked for their expenditure .
the taxpayers ' money should not be spent on the same day .
on the one hand , the withdrawal of families with low income has proved that they have possessed certain national capability , and their own capability , while on the other hand , the number of people applying for low protection still exists ?
the us government 's financial appropriation , which is called a life - saving money , should provide fuel in the snow rather than adding fuel to the brocade .
liu gangyi is willing to be a service provider .
on 10 july , the first person in the country who directly chose the new town , the mailan town of the new capital city , liu yi , accepted the fourth democratic test after taking office , and the rate of satisfaction of the people who had taken office was 97.7 percent .
when the reporter had a dialogue with liu guangyi , liu gang yi defined himself as a veteran of service .
( yesterday 's beijing news )
liu yingyi 's service , the vagrant , may be more effective than some cadres who appoint the cadres , and the people who work in the real world are even more genuine .
the appointment system is more than one big , the largest in terms of the system of ordinary party members , and the people are determined to source their power , while the latter is mainly appointed by the higher - level organizations , and the direction of the source of power determines that the former must be placed in the first place in charge of the people .
the source of power and the person responsible are the major factors determining how the elected person will carry out his work .
some people questioned how the democracy of such a kind of democracy was like a game of democracy .
my view is that with such democracy , the traditional culture of democracy is more like that .
considering that the building of china 's grassroots democratic politics is a matter of course and the current situation , i think that the public election is a major breakthrough , and democracy is a great banner and a great power for promoting democracy at the grass - roots level .
india is expected to select its first female president analyst as saying that the possibility of being elected is relatively great , and female voters hope to be more influential .
on 23 june , the president 's document , the united states , the first of ten candidates .
indian presidential election starts on 19 july , and the new president will be elected under the leadership of current vice president chevalit and lasjani state president , and the queen mizhi , a state of the state .
the pali is the first female presidential candidate in indian history . if she is elected , she will become a member of india 's first female president .
the pagius is the presidential candidate of the ruling national congress party , while chakawi is from the opposition people 's party .
since the national congress party has a dominant position in the presidential election , the media and the people have been popular , and the possibility of being elected is quite great .
the 72 - year - old parachite is the female king of rajasthan state .
she 's lawyers , and entered the national assembly , rich experience .
she also worked for social welfare , and was a great cultural education and social welfare organization .
analysts pointed out that the reason why paijing became a candidate was that she always kept in the hands of chairman sony of the indian grand national party .
in india , the gandhi family has long been in power as the ruling national congress party .
after suffering a large number of female voters , paichi voters believe that parade will be opened up to discrimination women 's concepts in india , a female country with a serious women concept , and in turn raise women 's status .
according to the constitution , india is a federal state , and the president is the head of state and the commander of a country , not a party organization , and more is a state symbolizing it .
( yan yingying )
the united states supports the palestinian government in expelling extremist elements
the reporter learned from the washington post that the us military has recently decided to send a special group of military personnel to the united states to assist in the work of the united states .
us president bush said on 21 march that the united states will fully support the pakistani government 's move to use the chips and extreme elements from pakistan 's border with afghanistan .
bush said at a weekly radio address that the united states has not yet received any information from its new bases , and its main bases are in pakistan and afghanistan .
he expressed great concern about this .
bush said that the united states will continue to support pakistani president musharraf and believes that musharraf will carry out friendly relations with the bases and armed elements .
the " national intelligence assessment " report recently published by the united states pointed out that muslim armed forces are particularly the arrogant and civilized " base " and are threatening the united states .
musharraf said in september last year that some tribal leaders in pakistan 's northern region reached agreement on preventing the forces and the installations in their country and on organizing members ' activities , but did not achieve the expected results .
these tribes are not willing or have no ability to carry out self - service security in the region .
bush said in his tape speech that musharraf is taking positive steps to correct this mistake .
the united states hopes that the agreement on the dprk nuclear issue will be fully implemented
the reporter learned from the beijing military region that the " blue ridge " of the pla navy 's first artillery corps is a large - scale military exercise of the pla navy 's first artillery corps .
us assistant secretary of state rice 's six - party talks on nuclear issue on 23 june , us chief representative to the six - party talks on the korean nuclear issue , christopher hill , said that the six - party talks on the korean nuclear issue were the first to achieve the goal . however , this was only the initial operation of the agreement .
the united states very much hopes that the ' 19 september joint statement ' and the ' 13 february joint document ' on resolving the dprk nuclear issue can be comprehensively implemented in the country .
" the government is committed to the realization of a comprehensive restoration of nuclear safety in the dprk , " he said at a press conference here .
he hoped that all parties concerned would be able to comprehensively fulfill their six - party talks ' consensus on the korean nuclear issue within one year .
hill also said that the united states will continue to make efforts to resolve the nuclear issue in the korean peninsula while holding talks on security and energy issues .
climate change has caused alps ' glaciers to quickly reduce
the july 1 st edition of the " qijun bao " [ special column ] of the china university of science and technology in geneva ;
the iceberg experts of the swiss academy of sciences have been following up for a long time , and from 1850 to the current , the surplus of the swiss ice chains is decreasing at an average annual rate of 3 percent .
the remembrance alone led to the alpas ice melting 188 percent .
experts believe that by the year 210,000 , if the global temperature rises 3 , the chains will be reduced by more than the current level , and the five , the chawon will all digest .
the ameliectic glaciers are the longest glaciers in europe , and are listed in the world natural heritage list of the un organization . however , after the heritage site had been reduced by 100 meters from 2006 , it has been protected by the country , and now it has come to the country .
the picture is the 23 - kilometer - long amelichi glacier .
photo by liu jun
the beijing olympic games ' federations urged : to be civilized consumers
the reporter learned from the beijing military region that the pla navy 's air force has recently organized a large - scale training exercise for its troops .
reporter liang jie learned from the china consumer association that at the 29th olympic games on august 8 , the first anniversary of the opening of the olympic games will soon be held , and the consumer association of beijing municipality , the consumer rights protection committee of shanghai consumer rights protection committee of shanghai municipality , consumers association of consumer associations , the qinhuangpu consumer association , and the consumer protection organization of hong kong in the sixth district of hong kong , are calling on consumers to display the city of civilization , display
the proposal says that from my perspective , strengthening the sense of humanity , learning the knowledge of courtesy , raising civilization , practicing civilization standards , abiding by society , being a modern country known to the public ,
enhance the awareness of green olympics , protect the ecological environment , cherish the splendid spirit of actively promoting sustainable consumption , and become a consumer advocating green consumption ;
we should establish a awareness of diligence and thrift , change the concept of consumption , and blindly scale , oppose extravagance and waste , and be a rational consumer with a scientific concept of consumption .
raising the awareness of protecting consumer rights , taking the initiative to participate in social supervision , consciously respecting intellectual property rights , correctly understanding rights and obligations , acting according to law and maintaining reasonable rights ;
and advocate the spirit of engagement and active participation , propagate the olympic ideal , and be a propagator of the olympic spirit .
the police " link " is now open to the public in hong kong for 10 years
on 1 july , the police of the jinghai temple in nanjing once again knocked down the alarm and destroyed the army .
this heavy historical recollection has greatly engraved the great ocean of china and the people of hong kong and macao through the tv station 's historic journey , and the people of nanjing and hong kong share the 10th anniversary of hong kong 's return to the motherland .
ten years ago , the first day of july 1 , the jinghai temple in nanjing , the hot house of the jinghai temple , was surrounded by 155 police officers , a huge whirlwind in the history of cannon island .
the great banner of marxism , the chinese people of all social circles in nanjing , they said that it is necessary to use the loudspeakers of the police to forever remind them and their families not to forget history .
the police force is 1.84 meters tall .
the shoulder is 1.997 meters high , and the golden beach is returned to hong kong .
the planning and casting of the corpse of the police at that time , wang fengling , said : the five great chinese characters were all filled with the traditional chinese characters around the bell , with high - fossil , two dragon starts fire balls , symbolizing the motherland of china , the oriental pearl of the motherland , and the chinese people , the chinese people , with the souvenir of the nanjing city as the symbol of the mimeo
the first proposal in those years to build a police force yu xiaodong was unanimously agreed that the army was brilliant and its brilliant since hong kong returned to china 10 years ago , and he hoped that the hong kong sar would be able to enjoy the same prosperity as the tomorrow of hong kong , and not be able to remain in the same way as the future .
( end ) zhu xiaoying and liu yang )
the russian security bureau accused the exiled oligarchy of " conspiracy to launch a war "
the russian oligarchy in exile in london , bob boroyev , a lawyer in exile , announced on 2 july that the russian federal security bureau had formally put forward a new charge against his litigants , accusing the country under its conspiracy to seize russia 's regime by force .
" we are ready to work with other countries to promote the development of the world economy , " said boekov in an interview with the british newspaper " guardian " in april this year .
the russian federal security bureau 's surveillance office immediately followed the " no . 278 demonstration of violence " in accordance with the 278 clause of the russian federal criminal law . recently , it officially issued a criminal investigation report to the moscow state savyvilov court .
it is reported that in february 2006 , the russian federal procuratorate put forward a criminal charge against him , and based on the evidence of the same exile oligarchy in the interview , it was confirmed that he attempted to seize the russian regime by force .
because beechelon has been extradited from other countries , it was impossible for russia to temporarily suspend the investigation of the case in january 2007 .
on 2 july , the moscow svilleyev court began to try another case of a criminal case against exile oligarchy . the russian procuratorate accused belezovski of swallowing 214 million rubles of russian airlines , money laundering 16 - million rubles , and the court decided to postpone the trial until 12 july .
bob believes that these are the best tactics for the country , and explicitly forbid her own defense lawyers to participate in activities .
( bi yuan )
guangxi has a duty post under supervision 619 people
since the beginning of this year , various departments in guangxi have launched activities to change the work style of cadres and to strengthen the construction of administrative efficiency . they have established a responsibility system for pursuing the responsibility of the " three systems " and 33 departments directly under the autonomous region have since reviewed and approved the responsibility of departments directly under the autonomous region and incorporated themselves in the work network of administrative efficiency supervision .
up to now , 619 people have been investigated for their responsibility .
the reporter learned from the discipline inspection commission of the xijiaoautonomous region on 5 july that guangxi has initially formed a unified administrative supervision system in the autonomous region 's puxian city , strengthened the supervision of key departments ' responsibilities , and the supervision of 14 electronic supervisory systems has been linked to the autonomous region 's internet .
the autonomous region 's administrative efficiency electronic monitoring system directly links to the key links that involve investment environment and the production and livelihood of the masses , and the key approval and approval departments of the autonomous region , to further standardize the behavior of examination and approval and improve the efficiency of examination and approval .
meanwhile , discipline inspection and supervision organs at all levels in guangxi have dealt with cases involving serious infringement of the interests of the masses in terms of work style , and so far have investigated and verified 769 cases , and carried out a thorough investigation of 584 units and 619 people involved in 584 units .
the secretaries of the party committee standing committee and the discipline inspection commission of the party committee said : the administrative supervision work is always a task that must be carried out in an administrative activity and should be gradually formed into a long - term mechanism .
guangxi should further improve and standardize all kinds of undertakings in administrative management , establish and improve the work mechanism and guarantee mechanism for supervising administrative efficiency , and include the work efficiency supervision in the orbit of institutionalization , further standardize the supervision and inspection procedures , improve the mechanism for handling complaints and the mechanism for assessing achievements , intensify the investigation of responsibility , and establish a system for investigating responsibility for the first time and the mechanism for handling the work of the first responsibility system and the system of determining the effectiveness
the united states and britain signed a memorandum of understanding ( mou ) on friday to establish a new mechanism for the development of the nuclear industry .
nato does not rule out the possibility of cooperating with the united states on the issue of the anti - missile system
nato press officer somnak de manmansson said in an exclusive interview with xinhua on 9 may that the possibility of linking the us anti - missile system with the nato 's own defensive system is ruled out .
the chinese government has always attached great importance to the issue of the us anti - missile plan , and hopes that the us anti - missile base will cover all european allies .
she said that nato has its own theater missile defense system and has started discussions on establishing strategic missile defense system . it has included the us missile defense system into the nato 's own defense system , which is not impossible .
she also said that the us decision on establishing an anti - missile system in europe will be promptly made through various channels to exchange information with russia .
the united states and britain signed a memorandum of understanding ( mou ) on friday to establish a new partnership of cooperation between the two countries .
two jordanian people were arrested for planning attacks on americans
two jordanian men arrested for planning attacks on us in jordan were arrested by jordanian national security court on 11 april .
the two men , both aged 25 , were found in a hunt village in southwest china 's sichuan province .
court personnel said that the two defendants were also charged with illegal possession of a jewish temple in vain during their search .
the court had originally decided to sentence ho khatami to life imprisonment , but later considered giving him a relegated opportunity , and then lowered the residence of another eight years .
the indictment says that the two defendants decided to provide the iraqi people with security protection after the outbreak of the war .
in august 2006 , they started a hostage named " peace tiger " in the capital of jordan , but after the implementation of the attack , they were arrested by the police .
the indictment did not make public the identity of this american .
the indictment also accused the two defendants of attacking other americans , but did not reveal specific details .
the chinese government will continue to provide assistance to the victims of the disease , said a senior chinese official here thursday .
the drug problem has caused a bad reaction in the report , which has increased by a large margin .
according to a report by the us media on 15 june , the heart disease and other bad reactions that have triggered diabetes , including diabetes , have recently shown a trend of substantial upward trend in the united states .
the food and drug administration of the united states issued a safety warning in may this year , advising that diabetes patients should be careful in refined language , because the " xin zhi journal " published on 21 may published a research report saying that this glamorphy drug will greatly increase the incidence of diseases and the incidence of patients with heart diseases and the physique of patients .
wen di and her family members were affected by the close attention of doctors and patients .
statistics show that after the issuance of safety warnings , the united states pharmaceutical service has received about 350 warnings about the same number of deaths caused by the malfunction .
in january and february this year , the authority has received only 50 cases of similar or 73 cases of adverse reaction .
these bad responses are less than water bounce , and the death toll from sudden heart attack is greater than ever .
however , the drug regulatory experts of the us pharmaceutical administration believe that it is not too safe to draw a conclusion of the insecure conclusion .
the authority will hold a meeting on the issue of vindi on july 30 .
in 1999 , wen diya was a kind of pancreas increasing its doses , applicable to the treatment of diabetes .
there are about 6 million diabetics in the world who have taken or are taking wendiya .
wen di and her mother , the british company , have always believed that vandenberg is safe and has a great impact on patients .
us wants to resume middle east peace talks
us president bush delivered a speech in washington on 16 february , calling for holding a meeting this fall on the international issue of palestine and israel , inviting israel 's palestine neighbouring arab countries and other relevant countries to participate in the meeting , in order to jointly promote the resumption of the middle east peace process .
on 17 july , bush also telephoned egyptian president hosni chavez and king of saudi arabia respectively asking them to actively respond to the initiative to resolve the crisis through actual actions .
abbas says palestinian central committee to discuss palestinian early elections
palestinian national authority chairman abbas met with israeli prime minister ariel sharon in ramallah on 18 april , saying that the palestinian liberation organization ( plo ) central committee has opened a two - day meeting on the same day , and the meeting will discuss the issues of holding an early election of the palestinian national authority and the legislative council .
abbas said in the meeting with eu president - elect javier solana at the presidential palace that day that the high representative of eu foreign and security affairs and expressed his hope that the eu would continue to implement the resolution if the central committee of the plo makes a decision on the release of the legal ban on the release of the country . this kind of order will be promulgated very soon .
at the same time , abbas expressed his dissatisfaction with the palestinian national authority 's relations with the eu .
he said : pakistan welcomes the eu 's positive attitude toward the palestinian president 's office .
abbas urges eu to continue providing humanitarian aid to the palestinian people in gaza .
the two sides reiterated the eu 's support for abbas and the palestinian people .
he said : the question of the middle east ( the united nations ) and the united states of russia ) will hold a meeting on 19 june to discuss the issue of restarting the middle east peace process . in the next few days , there may be proposals for a resumption of the middle east peace process .
the retaliation said that the eu holds a positive attitude toward the deployment of the international forces in gaza , but it still needs to discuss with other parties , especially with the un .
china 's ministry of education said here tuesday that it has decided to launch a new round of anti - drug education in china .
jiangxi will offer 30 years of health care talent in rural areas
for a long time , a large number of specialized health technical personnel in rural areas have contributed a lot to the health of the grassroots public health undertakings and the health of the peasants .
a few days ago , jiangxi province decided to implement a special health technical certificate issued to rural residents in the 30 years of service by rural health personnel , which won the gold award for the 30 years of sanitation work in rural areas .
according to the jiangxi provincial health department , in the township health care center organized by the government , the health care professionals in towns and townships have specialized medical and health education programs at the secondary and tertiary level , and health professional health technicians at and above the primary level . all health care workers in towns and townships , including blood protection groups and mafengvillage , who have worked in mafengvillage for 30 years in succession , are awarded prizes within the scope of the award .
the first batch of confirmed cases was the end of july .
the rural health personnel who meet the requirements shall be given preferential policies for rural health service for 30 years , including the honorable rural health award , the honorable certificate , and the examinations for the chinese people in the examinations , as well as preferential treatment for those who are eligible for treatment .
high - level examinations are opened to the public , and the quality of the products is improved as a result of the examination of high - quality professional examinations , and the conditions of theses are relaxed , so that the exams will be given priority after obtaining qualifications .
the jiangxi provincial health department will arrange a certain number of places for vacation each year and provide certain funding support .
beginning this year , jiangxi province will launch a campaign to collect funds for rural public health work for 30 years each year .
the united states and japan have agreed to set up a joint military exercise in the south china sea , said a senior chinese official here tuesday .
us defense department reconsiders reducing us forces stationed in europe
a us defense department official said on 23 march that due to the iraq war and changes in the world situation , the us department of defense is now considering a plan to cut about half of the us troops stationed in europe .
us media quoted a defense ministry official as saying that because of the iraq war still going on and the us - russian and iranian relations deteriorating , the department of defense has imposed a ban on the plan of european troops stationed in europe .
he was then secretary of defense rumsfeld announced that the united states would deploy the air force in europe by 2012 to become a member of the original 11 army , and that the army would be built into a small but proficient army , namely , a new type of army .
at present , the total number of us troops stationed in europe has dropped to the size of people .
however , in june this year , the us military 's european command , after reporting to the current defense minister , proposed a question on the above - mentioned reduction plan .
the report says that the us military stationed in europe , while reducing its military strength , has been transferred to iraq and afghanistan in turn , causing the number of us military personnel in europe to be short and cannot be normalized with the european allies .
the report proposes that the reduction of us forces stationed in europe be halted .
relevant us experts believe that the above phenomena show that the protracted war in iraq has disarmed the original plan of the us military .
the chinese government will continue to provide assistance to the united states and other countries in the region , said a senior chinese official here tuesday .
the practice of transportation transportation safety in shandong 's jiaozhou has brought a large number of safe movies into the community 's construction sites .
qingdao , july 26 ( reporter song xuechun and fan zhongliang )
to further deepen the three gorges project , the park will also raise the transportation and rule of law awareness and the awareness of traffic safety of the people , and enhance the awareness of observing the law on transportation and traffic . from 20 july to 10 august ( the week of 10 august , the three days of the three days of the chinese communist party , the gymnast city city , and the residents ' square in nanjiazhuang city , the third city of laizhuang nationality , the capital
before the movie starts , the army called the " hongxi protection " [ name as transliterated ] , printed by the army , to the vast number of the people , and some publicity materials to the public , and broadcast " a symphony of life " and " a pair of thoughts on transportation " .
the film , the scene of the residents ' magnificent pain , was engraved in the hearts of the residents , and all of them played a very good warning role .
in particular , the book " on the road to school " has been published in the name of the emperor , and it has been replete to the people of the country , and has also received profound education .
this film attracted more than 3,000 people around the square to watch , especially some people who came to jiaozhou and migrant workers .
through sending transportation safety films into the community ( the construction site ) , carrying out construction activities , the broad masses of the people at large enjoy the beautiful scene of the film while looking at it , and have received profound education on traffic safety .
china 's catering industry to gradually implement public health supervision system
to better implement the " food hygiene law " and the " regulations on further strengthening the management of food safety " of the state council , the ministry of health has separately issued a circular on strengthening food safety in taizhou city , taizhou city , taizhou city , zhejiang province , and luoyang city , henan province , and hainan province , the ministry of health , the sichuan hailang no 3 gold , the sichuan provincial food bureau , and 10 other areas under the supervision of public health .
this system will also be gradually popularized to the whole country .
the food and beverage hygiene supervision system is a system that is based on day - to - day health supervision , and the hygiene management system of food - related units , health management system , health personnel of health management personnel , health certification of food quality and label , health protection facilities in processing food , health protection in the environment of processing zones , food and medicine , and special food and security permit for purchasing products such as the special food for the purposes , and supervision and inspection results of
it is said that the public announcement will be made using unified models and models stipulated by the ministry of health , including nine health conditions on the spot and the results of comprehensive inspection , the comprehensive evaluation of the results of the inspections , and the names of the institutions that undertake supervision and control , and the customer 's complaint telephone numbers , and will be posted on the department of health or the customer 's entrance , which will be able to understand the situation of public health service for customers .
the united states and britain signed a memorandum of understanding on the establishment of a joint venture in the north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) , the united states , on tuesday .
un decides to extend peacekeeping force in ethiopia
the un security council unanimously adopted a resolution on 30 june , agreeing to extend the un peacekeeping forces in the region and eritrea ( eitu ) for a period of six months to january next year .
the resolution calls on all parties concerned to keep their promises , maintain restraint , ease tensions , avoid unctuated military activities , call on the establishment of their troops and the armed forces ' equipment to withdraw from the provisional security zone immediately , calls on the countries in the interim security zone to reduce the additional military forces deployed in the region recently .
the resolution calls for immediate action to bring the ecuadorian border commission under control without any circumstance .
the resolution reiterated that it fully supports the work of the ecuadorian border commission and expressed appreciation for the committee 's decision to hold a meeting with eritrea on september 6 in new york .
in 1998 , the eritrean and the chinese border broke out , causing many deaths .
in june 2000 , ethiopia and eritrea signed a cease - fire agreement in algeria 's capital algiers .
the united nations has started to deploy peacekeeping forces along the ethiopian - eritrean border in july 2001 to monitor the implementation of the cease - fire agreement between the two countries .
china 's ministry of education said here tuesday that it has decided to send a delegation to the united states to participate in the construction of the project .
the great banner of the olympic games , the national flag games ,
the reporter learned from the chengdu military area command that the chengdu military region 's june 30 th
xing jichuan , journalist : in order to implement the party central committee 's strategic policy decision on building a harmonious socialist society and in coordination with the construction of new socialist countryside , the whole people , the olympic peers , the cultural and sports life of the masses , the olympic games across the country , the rich cultural and cultural resources of the people of the entire country , the 1930 s of the county capital city of chengjiaotan .
the six - day event attracted more than 100 athletes from 10 county - level men from all over the country to participate in the competition .
according to the regulations , athletes participating in this competition must be competitors who are at the age of 18 or above .
the total amount of funds for the 2006 - 07 year , which is registered at the state sports general administration 's sports management center , shall not be enrolled .
the competition has adopted the latest " golden rules " adopted by the chinese national association , with the competition divided into two stages , preliminary competition and final contest .
the competition was jointly sponsored by the state sports general administration and the china national federation of elementary schools , sponsored by the china international sports travel company .
in recent years , the two villages of shuiqiu county , which have history , have developed rapidly , and double counties have won national acclaimed masters and gymnast sports masters in the national sports counties of sports nationwide .
in particular , in the new rural construction , shuangkou county vigorously implemented the project of farmers sports , regarded the construction of sports facilities and the construction of rural areas , beautified the green and beautiful areas , integrated the construction of sports arenas in rural areas , built around the peasants , and made the sports service system cover the rural areas , actively popularized and launched education activities with rich local characteristics and peasants ' happy family name service .
the three functions of modern military uniforms
first is the identification function .
the armed forces of different countries , different armed forces and civilians , are important symbols of their army .
in the world , the number of armed forces in more than 100 countries , although the use of military uniforms is basically the same , no armed forces of any two countries are completely the same .
second is symbolic functions .
to a certain degree , the uniform is not only a national spiritual feature with which the nation looks like it , but also a symbol of the military 's combat capability of a country .
in the uniforms , the uniforms are uniquely uniform and the three military uniforms are best displayed , and the military uniform is formed and displayed , and the military uniform is appearing in the uniform .
third is the function of protection .
with the rapid development of new and high - tech weaponry , the comprehensive enhancement of the comprehensive protection capability of new combat training has enabled the uniform to have the characteristics of defensive warfare , anti - chemical warfare bacteria radiation , and the temperature and moisture vertical flavor of the camouflage , etc. , has become the most important issue in terms of uniform development .
( shi wei )
the party committee of a certain brigade handled the problem of overpowering the cadres and the masses .
the reporter learned from the general staff headquarters of the pla navy ,
" the chinese government has always adopted a policy of " seizing the homes and retaining the chinese people " , said zhao yu , deputy director of the chinese academy of social sciences .
today , a signal training brigade of the chengdu military region has a dozen or so cadres who have been relocated to the barracks . they expressed their admiration for the brigade party committee 's efforts to resolve the tough issues and their hard work style , full of admiration and admiration for the style of work and the qiazhi .
a few years ago , with the personnel 's support , the family building of this brigade was illegally occupied by some housing units , which made the housing of serving cadres difficult , and officers and soldiers were rather satisfied with this .
the brigade also had a few rehearsal of the house , which was unable to clear the obstacles of all kinds , and made this problem a big and difficult problem .
as long as we dare to live a war , we can not solve the difficult problems that cannot be resolved .
the new party committee has reached a consensus , and the principal leaders have personally started to sort out all the illegal housing occupation problems .
they were very emotional and were eager to know the personnel concerned .
for those who have houses in other places , they do not want to withdraw their housing surplus or to take over their housing , and party committee organs promptly contact their units and adopt corresponding measures to urge them to cooperate with the troops .
after two months of meticulous work , all illegally - used grafts and household electric appliances were reopened as scheduled . the company 's cadres were ordered to pay the housing fees according to regulations .
the party committee of this brigade dared to deal with tough issues , and it also produced a kind of effect that discriminated against several organizations that were not willing to actively cooperate with each other . now , they have expressed their subordination to the organization and have also successively made decisions .
qiao qingchen meets bangladesh guest
the reporter learned from the beijing military region that the pla navy 's air force has recently organized a large - scale training exercise on the " blue army " of the pla navy .
reporter zhang shun : members of the central military commission [ cmc ] and the air force commander qiao qingchen met with visiting zaio oghan , chief of staff of the bangladesh air force , and his party in beijing this morning .
qiao qingchen said : since the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and bangladesh , bilateral relations have been developing smoothly , exchanges of high - level visits have been frequent , and friendly exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been constantly strengthened .
both countries have always supported and closely cooperated with each other in international affairs and in national construction .
china appreciates and thanks bangladesh for its support for china on the issues of taiwan 's human rights and tibet .
qiao qingchen said that the chinese army cherishes the friendly relations with the bangladesh army and hopes to further develop the friendly relations between the two armed forces with the joint efforts of both sides .
zia said that bangladesh will make efforts to further develop the friendly relations between the two armed forces , especially the two air forces .
he reiterated that the bangladesh government will , as always , adhere to the one - china policy .
before the meeting , qiao qingchen held a welcoming ceremony for zoo 's visit .
zoo arrived in beijing on july 8 for a four - day visit at the invitation of qiao qingchen .
the 7 th military uniform designer is a guest of china military online
the reporter learned from the pla general staff department that the pla navy has successfully developed its first batch of large - scale high - tech equipment , including a batch of advanced weapons , from 1 august .
this evening , the chinese military website specially invited military supplies from china , including military supplies , and military supplies department deputy director chen jun and senior engineer of the military equipment research institute , the military equipment research institute , the ' 07 - type military uniform ' , as a guest of china , and the new military uniform and the process of research and development of netizens from the military , have received a positive response from netizens .
the two guests are the 2007 - style military uniform design and direct support .
speaking of the changes in the new uniform , they said that the 2007 military uniform is formed under the traditional uniform , especially the 97 - type uniform .
the greatest feature of the 07 - style military uniform is the unique characteristic of the traditional warfare , the traditional functions of the armed forces are being changed , and the uniform of our armed forces has for the first time been coordinated by the three armed services , and has attained the standards of army building . this marks a historic leap forward in the level of army uniform construction .
the two guests also exchanged views on the species of new military uniforms , the type of military uniform , the type of liberation army , and other issues .
this time , the xiandai temple , which is jointly developed by the chinese army , the new china internet , and the china new net .
the people 's armed forces of jingjiang city have upgraded the quality of specialized armed forces cadres
the red flag of the red army 's red army aviation regiment was opened on 18 june in jingjiang city , jiangsu province , and the chinese army was warmly welcomed by the army commander of xilai township , lu yuqing .
this is a scene of the mobilization of manpower and armed forces cadres in line with their actual status , making efforts to improve the overall quality of specialized armed forces cadres .
early this year , the party committee of the people 's armed forces department found during an investigation and study at the grass - roots level that some cadres in the armed forces worked in their posts , and were also in their posts , but did not concentrate their main energy on doing armed work .
for this purpose , they adopted the method of concentrated training and support training for local party schools , and regularly conduct special training for specialized armed force cadres , with a view to resolving the problem of heavy burden on the rear of military cadres and their quality of service .
in light of the central task , they boldly assigned tasks to cadres , adopted the practice of training in posts , and improved their ability to work .
at the same time , they actively coordinated with local organization departments and jointly formulated the " regulations on appointing special armed forces cadres by bidding for posts , " explicitly stipulating that armed forces ministers must enter the party committee and no longer hold other positions in their positions .
a system for readjusting and exchanging specialized military cadres has been established , and some old cadres who do not meet the needs of grassroots armed forces have been promptly adjusted and exchanged , and they have played a positive role in helping comrades who have good comprehensive quality and good job skills .
not long ago , the director of the armed forces department of the new century , chen yisong , led the militia technical detachment in innovating and developing the underwater vessel technology , thus filling in the domestic arena the armed forces department of the company .
at the beginning , good will have to be properly handled .
just from the results of the competition , the two - point score is reasonable , and also the traditional way of thinking can be accepted . the key is the competition process , how many regrets .
if iran is to lead the other two by 2 : 0 , then the score will be equal , then the feeling of china will definitely be different , and it will be very long , very strong , and the situation is like the situation .
good will cannot end up well , and it can be said that it is old .
the phenomenon of the current situation is often not being knocked on , and the views of ordinary people are the psychological quality of china 's people .
this is indeed not like a king of good intentions in the end .
however , judging from today 's competition , it seems that the competition is not perfect .
sun jihai , sun jiaxiang , jianguo , zheng zhizhi , and others kicked the ball in europe , but li wei feng and others were also a veteran veteran of the ancient sand . they saw many things like that , looking at it , they said that they would not have any problem of psychological quality .
it is regrettable that the iranian team has been forced to put down this time because it is afraid that it will deploy troops .
the iranian team , under backward conditions , changed the two and the scene immediately got the shadow .
the half of the balls also changed the effect of the three kingdoms .
overcome the old habit of being good at beginning and not being good at end , and must accurately find out the root cause of the problem .
as long as the problems are accurately identified and the methods of correcting the mistakes are probably not difficult to find .
they are afraid of being anxious for medical treatment .
if this is the case , then the games will be held again , and the old mistakes will be made . it will not be possible to talk about kicking a competition that everyone is expecting .
the ministry of public security gave the guangdong border defense corps hospital a collective diagnosis .
the reporter learned from the shenzhen special administrative region [ sar ] on 18 july that ,
li guoliang reported : for many years , the guangdong border defense corps hospital has played an important role in providing medical support for the troops .
this morning , the ministry of public security awarded a collective diju 2 to the guangdong border defense hospital and a grand ceremony to celebrate the second collective meritorious service and to support the government and love the people in shenzhen .
the guangdong border defense corps hospital has regarded building a harmonious society as one after another , and the phuket , the dragon , and the baoan [ name as transliterated ] , a special agency for migrant workers , and the pingtan hospital for migrant workers , which is only one yuan for medical treatment and a fee for inspection fees , can be used for the operation of the checkbook .
the hospital has specially built a college of elementary and high school education , a service car , free medical care for migrant workers , and a health service card for migrant workers , and a demand of 7 yuan per month is only needed for the medical examination of the family and basic medical support .
this benefit - oriented measure has benefited the farmers more than 12,000 .
from the xi'an hospital , it also launched a long - distance large - scale diagnosis activity , which is called the eye medical center , eight times and sent its medical personnel to the tibetan medical workers in the far east , yunnan , qinghai , and other places in tibet , and other places , to send nearly 3,000 medical operations to the health authorities , and to provide assistance to the patients in the bright and bright operations .
the armed police force will replace the 7 - model clothing and clothes with the 7 - meter - long costume - shaped costumes beginning 1 august .
the reporter learned from the pla general logistics department that the pla units stationed in the jinfeng military region will , starting 1 august , gradually replace the 7 - type clothing .
today , this reporter learned from the 7 - type apparel issuing ceremony and the papf carrying activities that the 7 - type clothing in the new uniform has a total of seven - type uniforms , commonly used as training uniforms , symbol , four - large varieties of the popular choppy .
the current olive green adjustment of the clothing industry is to be reformed into a deep - olive green , with sleepy and trousers all having the flavor of the blue belt , the overall design of the brand is strong , and the country 's garments are based on the national apparel standards .
female officers and men are not covered with eateries and hats , and winter uniforms are replaced by a closed - door coatery , a protective umbrella of the permanent seat belly , a spring - autumn style structure , and a hunting style of the hunting uniform .
the newly added name and qualifications of the honored flag and blue - blue blue ribbon for national defense , and the newly designed badge for the chest , the chest , the shoulder and the medal of the white house , have enhanced the identification function and enhanced the sense of beauty .
the armed police 07 - year apparel will be distributed in three years .
before august 1 , 2007 , the army began to open the door for cadres and national flag troops , the army band , the army band , the army band , the army , the army 's cadres and the officers stationed in the beijing area , the first spring festival uniform , the traditional uniform of soldiers in summer uniform and the logo of the army .
the may harvest is the best for other troops , and the summer summer camp uniforms are uniquely appearing in the chinese army .
the year of october is the winter permanent suit , the uniform is uniquely called .
in december of 2009 , the soldiers were replaced with winter uniforms .
the military has gradually been replaced with the traditional training period .
a certain base of the second artillery corps has also carried out direct education in small areas .
the pla air force academy of engineering [ pla ] , the pla air force , the pla air force , the pla navy , and the pla units , which are operating in small places , are operating in small places in china .
the reporter recently learned that after six months of trial - point work , the base has issued a " outline for ideological and political education " to cover all the military bases and small , remote , and directly administered units .
and provide a powerful ideological weapon for the effective implementation of the " outline of ideological and political education " at the beginning of the year , the base organized forces to conduct in - depth investigation and study , and the influence and constraint of time for education personnel and the key effect of this time , initially formed a pattern of " three stresses " education in small , scattered , and remote units .
the specific approach of the cooperative zone is to break down the division of work units ' establishment and , when small , scattered and directly subordinate units are designated to designate a brigade level unit , unified planning for the theme education , and units under different affiliated relations are close to the same rostrum or need to enlarge a long - range discussion on the same rooftop or entail a remote control system .
the encroachment of the environment and the practice of competition for posts have been unified with the efforts of the army to recruit cadres , the unified use of educational hardware in the area , the exchange of information on the units ' data and the exchange of the hardware and hardware of officers and men in the reporting on the models of hardware and hardware .
the setting up of education centers for students and farmers and the education of the rich .
on this basis , the various cooperative areas have also established a great education program for seeking assistance from the poor , and the thoughts of the communist troops are being notified and evaluated .
zhang shengmin , director of the political department of the base , told reporters that the establishment of a political education cooperation zone has not only reduced the waste of educational resources but also deepened the results of education .
some political units are afraid of losing their positions in front of officers and men from other units , take the initiative to learn new knowledge and explore new methods of education .
officers and men who received education also actively discussed education , fearing that they would be able to find out the outlooks in front of officers and men of their friendly units when discussing the education .
it is not easy to carry out such enthusiasm , but also to arouse the enthusiasm of the peasants .
a certain unit in the north china sea has also been assigned to the soldiers in the same year .
the red army red army of red army liu hongjun reported that a large number of red army soldiers , including a certain detachment under the north sea fleet , suddenly returned to hong hongjun after the chinese navy 's 31 - year - old fighter - - - - embarked on the beidaihe train .
luo xiangming , a class six officer , happily told this reporter : the brigade 's leaders care for and protect soldiers , and we have been deeply moved . after returning , we must work hard , work hard , and work hard !
they have organized grass - roots soldiers to carry out their first time in the army .
not long ago , yao zhisheng went to the grass - roots level to see that soldiers in charge of work in the countryside braved the repair work and greatly moved yao qingsheng .
the soldiers have forgotten their work , and the party committee should care for the soldiers ' health , take responsibility for the health of the soldiers , and at the party committee , yao qingsheng 's words were endorsed by all .
after studying the matter , the party committee made a decision to distribute all the quotas assigned by the higher authorities to the brigade 's work in the front line of soldiers .
prc jinan military region conducts ' hot ' operation in the wake of the hot weather ,
the reporter learned from the general staff headquarters that the pla navy has decided to send a signal unit to the whole army to conduct a large - scale training exercise in the air force .
wang weiqing , special envoy li deying , said : on 25 july , i received a red army unit from the jinan military region : a piece of land that was written for the unit project , the expenses of the unit 's construction project , the expenses of the cadres being promoted to join the party , and other important items , such as the public display of the vagrant , were hung in the window .
according to political commissar su chengsen , this is a major move taken by the department to promote the system of opening affairs to the public .
the party committee of this unit has made important plans for strengthening the building of party style and clean government , and the " two - way supervision of grass - roots organizations " is a matter of great importance for officers and men and for army building . it calls on all major issues concerning the immediate interests of officers and men and on the opinions of the working standards , such as the implementation of the basic program , and the decision of handling affairs in open and open manner after the implementation of the operation of the
the unit has set up a special column for the residents , opened the small area of china , extensively collected the opinions of everyone .
at the beginning of the year , the renovation project of the dormitory building started . the party committee organs extensively solicited the opinions of officers and men , and then issued the public bidding information and implemented the open bidding system .
this not only saved the funds , but also won the support of officers and men .
the practice of opening up and being fair in handling affairs has given impetus to the formation of a good atmosphere in grassroots units .
in this unit , grassroots companies , whether they are large or sensitive issues , or when they are small , go to their individual households to take their own vacations and spending .
( international ) research shows that housing depression and genes related to two genes
london , july 2 ( xinhua ) iceland scientists found that the two species of genes , namely , a food hazard , far higher than the average population , through research on july 2 in london .
according to the latest issue of " nature " magazine , the untied islands in china , the great lake of the hongma lake city , south of the great wall of china 's hong kong region , have been very active in the research personnel from the nepalese army , the united states , and several thousand people from hong kong , china .
the two genes found by scientists were related to the heart of the early days , and are similar in the gene location .
the debris immediately trembled , and it was the most eye - catching clinical condition that could lead to the palm of the hearts and souls of the vagrant .
according to another report in the " book on natural genetics " published on 1 july , the sprawling of the genetic engineering company has also won the title of " human chrysanthemum " on the 17 th chromosome . it is also known that the two genes related to the prelantantic cancer have played a certain role in the two genes of the predecessor - cancer cases .
the study also found that one of the genes is improving the ability of people to face the risk of genes , and at the same time lowering the risk of suffering from diabetes .
( sports ) senior us official says coca - american cup may be released
xinhua news agency , malaria , venezuela , july 3 ( reporter liu jian )
according to a report by the venezuelan media on 3 may , the 37 - year - old old general keleer said in an interview here that if the us cup could not find a suitable club , he would be selected to retire .
if the american cup finds to be completed , the number of hours will not be able to get high level team , a team of one to two , and a team of people who have retired may not be good choices .
with the rising gemini and the arrival of the german team , the kaier also left the group with its own two - plus - one team .
although keler had a heart - breaking hand , he still lived in the country under the tight schedule .
however , this former western vagrant and turtle cot , which are old and famous for the western hemisphere , said that in the end , how he would choose to depend on the family , my child is now nine years old , and that he will stay with me in three different countries , three different schools , i now have three different schools .
at the recent gold cup tournament , keler played an outstanding role , helping the team win the championship .
the group is still the first to win the championship in the group of eight ( the group ) , but naihe is a hard - hit opponent , and is using the young people , the troops , and the screamed troops , are not the argentine papua like the country , but the two matches , the two matches he holds in the big gate seven times .
the next match against columbia , which is very likely to be the two teams of the colombian team and the keleer , the last performance in this american cup .
china : black strawberry 's smart phone to land in china market
xinhua news agency , july 1 , the july 1 st century , according to a report by canada 's " global post " , after eight years of hard work , the black - awberry ( laba ) of canada 's black sea company ( + c & q ) has finally been awarded the first batch of china 's mobile phone in china 's market at the end of august .
chief executive of the republic of china , william baucus , said that it will open its first exhibition in china 's major cities such as beijing , shanghai , guangzhou , to the country 's major commercial city .
the " global post " uses the same name as beijing office manager , but also sinks 800,000 us dollars , a black sea - bed smartphone will land in china at the end of august , and the price is about us $ 700 . so far , it has received 5,000 orders .
" the last week , the company , the heir , opened its first store in china , " said bob scott , a member of the international center of the royal family , who is also a rival of hynie , who has sold its mobile phone in more than 100 countries around the world .
according to statistics , in the first quarter of this year , the number of new mobile phones in the village is 1.2 - million , with total users reaching 9:00 .
( international ) spanish : a husband murdered his wife
xijiaki , july 7 ( xinhua ) a spanish woman attacked a chinese restaurant in the southern city of bhutan , killing her face and chasing her in her home in the south china sea .
according to a local media report on the 6th , the woman was killed by a baker at a beauty store in valencia city .
one day , a man in mangying shop , thought that it was a hijacking and told him to a drawer to get money out of the drawer .
but the man did not take any money , but pinned the neck of this woman , wanted to go home .
she wanted to use a dead method to salvage , but the man was not put in a hot van , or kick her .
during the struggle , the woman pulled the face of her , but the vagrant found that man was her husband .
the culprits have been arrested by police .
the victim told the media that she was not in good feelings and her husband was going through the divorce procedure , and they had two children .
13 pilots resign from office in response to litigation
xinhua news agency , july 11 , wuhan ( reporter liu yang and suichu )
thirteen pilots have been resigned , and the yingdong aviation company of china opened a high - tech development project in china 's eastern aviation company , which is the largest airline company in hubei province to date to claim compensation .
the hubei labor dispute arbitration committee is currently trying the case .
in may this year , 13 pilots of the eastern airlines and wuhan company successively announced their resignation and were rejected by the company .
later , the pilot successively applied for the hubei labor dispute arbitration committee in early june to request the arbitration of the contract with the eastern airlines wuhan company .
china eastern airlines issued a circular to passengers after refusing to pay for their requests , demanding that 13 pilots pay the compensation for their illegal labor contracts and dissolved labor contracts , respectively , more than 6 million yuan to 10 million yuan .
it is understood that the agreement signed between the pilots and the eastern airlines is a non - fixed term contract , and apart from the conditions and dissolution conditions of the labor contract , the labor contract effect will continue to be the legal retirement age of the pilots .
the hubei labor dispute arbitration committee has made the case an appeal and a countervent case . it is expected that the trial will be concluded on 8 august .
germany calls for russia to pass russia 's border treaty
xinhua news agency , july 12 , riga , by wire ( reporter yang dehong ) - visiting german foreign minister steinmeier on the 12th called on russia to pass the lahore border treaty as soon as possible .
steinmeier and his wife , both of them , held talks with chinese foreign minister qian qichen on the same day .
at a news conference after the talks , steinmeier called on russia to resume talks with the russian side as soon as possible .
steinmeier said that the entire area of china and russia had improved relations , and that the pace of improvement of relations between russia and russia was relatively slow , and the signing of the russian border treaty witnessed the development of relations between russia , but the historical journey of the russia - china relations may also be retroactively brought back to russia , hoping that russia could reach a peace agreement as soon as possible through the russian - latin american border treaty .
on 27 march this year , after a 10 - year - long negotiation , prime minister karvis and russian prime minister vukov held talks in moscow .
on 17 may , the raja parliament passed the lahore border treaty .
according to a report by the media , the russian parliament will vote on the treaty in the near future .
dprk , rok to hold sixth joint military meeting beijing , june 13
pyongyang , july 16 ( xinhua ) the united states has decided to lift the ban on the import of nuclear weapons by the end of this year , the official korean central news agency reported today
the military representatives of the democratic people 's republic of korea and the republic of korea held a military meeting here on 16 june . the two sides agreed to hold the sixth round of talks at the level of the republic of korea [ rok ] from 24 to 26 june .
according to a report by the central news agency , the dprk military representative , the park , visited china on the same day , and proposed to establish a maritime rescue center in the waters west of the dprk from yanlin to bai ling island , and the military also explained in detail the reason for it .
he said : establishing common areas requires implementing the principle of seeking the maximum national prosperity and common prosperity and ensuring peace and stability to all the countries and regions .
on the relations between the two sides , park lin soo said that the two countries have maintained close cooperation in the western sea area to prevent military conflicts .
he said that formulating military support measures in a timely manner to promote cooperation and exchange between the dprk and the rok is the consistent stance of the dprk army .
he said : at present , the rok side should take military measures to ensure the dprk 's non - governmental ships can enter and leave the port directly from haizhou port and from jinzhou to the south of the strait free .
this is another visit by the dprk and the rok to the second round of military talks recently held between the two sides on 10 february .
the fifth dprk - rok summit opened in beijing from 8 to 11 may . the republic of korea [ rok ] is a unified country under the unified name of the republic .
( international ) hyundai motor denies intent to buy wal - wal
xinhua news agency , july 18 , seoul - south korea hyundai motor company spokesman said on july 18 that the company had no intention to buy wal ww or hyundai motor company 's any brand .
the sunday times and the " new york times " recently both reported the news of the possibility of selling wal - vorp products .
the sunday times even published an article entitled " the united states is a nuclear power plant in wolfowitz . "
hyundai motor company spokesman said that we have great success in purchasing wal wave and tiger without any interest , and modern china is in great need of implementing its own plan . it is not too busy to attend the affairs of other countries .
in 1999 , 650 - million us dollars were exported to china 's wal - mart group .
currently , wal wolfowitz and ulu , both principal automobile manufacturers , are operating in the country .
in march this year , china plunged into the red sea , selling us $ 400,000 , and the country 's under its banner , started last month , and expressed its consideration of selling products such as roads and jie tigers .
( sports ) cuba 's red army shells are too short
xinhua news agency , rio de janeiro , july 21 ( reporters chen weihua )
the cuban delegation held its first pan zigong on the 21st . the rope of the pan pan - america games will affect the level of the fists .
according to the rules of the international football federation , the " rope " of the fists when the international competition was 6.1 meters , but according to the cuban team coach pedro rodriguez , the rope of the pan gmb boxing tower was boxing the standard of the boxing tower , one meter more than the standard of the boxing tower .
roker said : we have submitted a formal protest , because this incident is not a case affecting the development of a country in cuba , but a case involving all people .
the rope will affect the fists ' shining moves , and the red flag will be opened in the country .
he also said : the king did not even forget the little thing that happened to the olympic standards .
as we know long ago , we brought it from cuba .
the mexican and colombian delegations also held a meeting on the day of the boxing rope .
columbia 's boxing team , juergy d'ivoire , won the first battle , but he said : although i won the first battle , i still feel the fists ' passionate pain , and i really feel that it is not like that , but the fast - paced .
the grand white rabbit restoration of overseas orders ,
shanghai , july 24 ( xinhua ) china 's economy has developed rapidly in recent years , thanks to the support of the guansheng ( group ) company , ltd.
the government 's support of the mangnan company , lin qingrong , a private company in fuyuan , singapore , said that due to the differences between the singapore agriculture grain and the chungchou food bureau , the results of the tests were not included in the market , and that the products could be sold normally in the market , so they required the supply of the order in the market .
malaysia 's songfeng company said that it had requested the guansheng garden to immediately send a one - stop red army from shanghai , and that the chinese cabin was also sent to malaysia .
the government 's five - year - old msw company limited also sent a telegraph to the crown prince , claiming that the hong kong food safety centre had taken a large - scale white rabbit sample from hong kong and had confirmed that the form of alcohol was non - formaldehyde .
hsbc has received a letter from hong kong china resources limited to sell chilled chickens in more than 100 places in hong kong .
it is understood that the 10 ports in shanghai once had a large bow of rescobble sugar .
at present , seven containers are rabbit sugar and are being distributed to singapore 's ville , zongyi , thailand 's nepal , thailand 's nepal , the united states , etc.
( international ) no bomb threat to britain arrested
london , july 26 ( xinhua ) the british police announced on july 26 that the british chick restaurant , which is a threat to british residents , was attacked in kaistrochester county on the 23rd .
police said that this man is called mick mick , a 51 - year - old girl , who will be subjected to blackmail and manufacturing bombs , and a suspected heir .
the afternoon of 14 july , the 14 national treasure house of lords , the yi wei food house , was destroyed by the police emergency because of the threat of bombs .
it is precisely the british people 's peak of purchasing . at the time of the 14 th day , the house of lords closed the largest british restaurant , the largest loss of the sales income from the british market .
the british police later threatened the bomb and later conducted a criminal investigation and announced that the police had not found any terrorist activity in the incident but the police might have some economic indications behind it .
( sports ) changing the term of the granville for the beijing olympic games .
beijing , july 28 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will continue to support the olympic games in the wake of the coming olympic games , which will be held in beijing in august next year .
by changing the flowery - based technological means , scientific research personnel have found a good way to add colors to the olympic games .
at the summer olympic games in beijing on 28 august , the best varieties of the new summer , and the selection of products for cultivation , the assessment experts reached the conclusion that using the method of promoting control to cultivate new techniques , the varieties of natural species , or the varieties of the varieties of the natural peaks can be found during the same period in summer , and the number of products for the opening of the olympic games in beijing can reach the best results in the summer .
in beijing 's summer , it usually can only see more than ten kinds of hot spots , most of them have been villain , or have yet to reach their level of inclusion .
through the efforts of scientific and technological personnel , the 206 species of the chinese olympic games will be selected .
at the opening ceremony of the 2007 olympic games at beijing 's haidian park , the chinese people will live in the maiden gallery of beijing 's olympic games , and the first anniversary of the countdown of the first anniversary of the past 80 th anniversary of the founding of the beijing haidian park will naturally take the green light of the flowers , the green harel of the country .
turkey 's ruling party wins parliamentary election
xijiaki , july 30 ( xinhua ) turkey 's supreme election commission announced today that it will hold its 23 rd general election in july this year , according to the results of the 23 rd parliamentary election
at the parliamentary election held on 22 july , the main opposition party , the republican people 's party , won the seat .
the national action party won 71 seats in the election .
apart from the three political parties mentioned above , 26 were elected members .
the new parliament will be held in august , and will hold its first meeting .
members will be sworn in and begin to perform their duties .
after that , the parliament will vote without a voting system for a new parliament speaker .
the parliamentary election was originally scheduled to be held in november , but in the april presidential election , the opposition parties imposed sanctions on the sole candidate , who is a just and developing party vice prime minister and foreign minister , causing the presidential election to fail and the parliamentary election to be held ahead of schedule .
