the white house urged the united states to send nuclear inspectors to monitor north korea 's closure of nuclear reactors as soon as possible
the white house today called for the dispatch of nuclear inspectors to monitor north korea 's closure of its nuclear reactor , and the white house issued a statement after us president bush and south korean president roh had a phone conversation .
" the two leaders have been very concerned about the situation today , " said a spokesman for the white house national security council .
the two presidents also expressed their satisfaction over the signing of the free trade agreement between the united states and south korea yesterday and will work to ensure that the agreement is approved by the two countries ' congress , he said .
experts believe that the output of pyongyang in the past 20 years has been sufficient to make 12 nuclear weapons .
hill , special envoy of the six - party talks , said after last week in pyongyang that he expected that the yongbyon nuclear reactor would be closed in mid - july .
forty - three killed in heavy rain in western india
torrential rains hit western india on weekend , and large cities in western india , while cities at home and abroad , have suspended operation .
rescue officials said today that the + 43 +
the monsoon brought about haze and rain every six to september , causing the population of the country with a population of 1 billion to flood into flood and even to casualties .
the rains have hit half of the victims and drowned to death by floods , while other villages have drunk houses or luns .
the indian financial center has also been under the retreat .
on 29 march , with the ju rushes of 43 times .
the chief executive , zarqawi , said that he had 13 deaths .
officials of the city government have urged residents to watch the journey before the torrential rain so as to safeguard their own security .
the rain started slightly yesterday , and most areas are still flooded today .
flood in india kills nearly 500 people
according to officials and media reports , the explosion occurred in india 's inland areas this year due to the haze rain , and reached 471 .
the indian news trust quoted the government head , the reconstruction work , kadan , today revealed that a total of 1,650 private companies in various regions have entered into the past week , and casualties and economic losses in various places and economic losses , only the largest indian province of dushte , have been known to have killed 3family members .
the report pointed out that qadan was involved in the inspection by way of the media .
he said that india 's largest cotton producing area , lashka , has a vast expanse of boundless ocean , with 27 cities and towns making unauthorized trips , and has encountered severe flooding . over 10,000 disaster victims were beslan 's security has been so well docked .
india is moving from the south to the north one week ago , and residents of various provinces have been in these past years . they have been holding a long - draught and a friendly mood to welcome the rainy season . however , we have not expected that the rainy situation will come with ferocious violent violent stories , and low - lying areas have not been in place . so far , there have been nearly 500 deaths due to the deaths of the army 's networks .
the wimbledon internet chowdler 's discarding game nadal finals
today , king of the red earth king of spain , while the men 's single four matches on the july 1 st , were all famous in the battle of jordan , the race , georgovic , who was unable to fight again due to injury , and anchol rotated into the final with the swiss world champion , royal dutch , and the luan king of the world league .
the two teams played the first two matches in the 16 th and eight th matches .
the fourth seed georgovic retreat , which originally made six comparison over the previous three six : 1 , 1 , the second seed victory , and the victory .
besides the heat , the initial experience of the nylon started , under a situation of being overlapped , two , three sets of warfare situations all lead the other side .
satellite shows iran 's tunnels fear to protect nuclear equipment
the institute of science and international security of the us think tank reported today that commercial satellites show that iran is in the process of building a mountain tunnel near the nazitan uranium enrichment facility , perhaps to protect nuclear energy equipment when the attack is launched .
these practices were produced by the united states ( the + 1 + 1 + company ) on june 11 , and published on the website of science and international security research .
the institute is located in washington , dc , and is a non - profit research group .
the practices show that the northern section of nandtz is only about a mountain .
analysts o ' brent and bryan pointed out in a report that the unpleasant tunnels in the middle have not been clear , but the road may be connected to a tunnel ,
they said : the tuanjing tunnel , dug into the mountain , will play a good role in protecting the environment during the air raid .
un envoy holds nuclear talks with iran
the un international atomic energy agency deputy director - general , heinin , held talks with iranian officials on the second occasion to try to resolve the deadlock in iran 's nuclear program .
however , iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad is still stubbornly resisting the united nations ' pressure on sanctions .
iranians will not stop uranium enrichment , but welcome this new move .
he said : the departure trend of the installation of these records may slow down or speed up , but it is an issue of implementation , but no one should expect us to give up our rights , and we will not stop this trend and accelerate the pace .
he arrived in hailaning after his arrival .
the purpose of hailining 's visit is to formulate a package of plans to resolve the mystery caused by iran 's nuclear program .
un cannot freeze uranium enrichment operations because of its unparalleled freeze .
xunxin news agency , iran news , haining and iran 's supreme national security council , led by assistant president for international affairs , held talks .
the members of the iranian talks group also include vice - chairman of the atomic energy organization ( iaea ) and ambassador to the iaea , sadanyiya .
the silence period , palestinian prime minister yasser , set up a new government
the palestinian authorities have experienced the operation of the ju river after the sarajah corridor , and prime minister javier fassad has been ordered to resign , but the new government is responsible for the new government .
minister of agriculture and social affairs habachi told afp : lukashenko 's resignation to president abbas was rejected by the chairman , and at the same time he also asked him to handle the new cabinet of abbas , who is responsible for handling the day - to - day affairs of the new cabinet .
abbas 's lyron told afp that fatah had submitted his resignation , while abbas ordered him to carry out his current duties until his new government was involved .
the respected economist , jad , submitted his resignation , but it was only a procedural resignation , and it would not shake his position as the prime minister .
fassad has led the palestinian emergency cabinet since 17 january to implement the plan for abbas to retaliate against the establishment of a bayew police post .
according to the basic law of the palestinian autonomous government , without the parliamentary agreement , the palestinian national authority is now in a standstill .
the authorization of the emergency government has expired today .
wto representative 's new proposal to break the deadlock in doha round of talks
the main wto negotiators today proposed a major cut in us agricultural subsidies , and the countries in the developing countries have substantially lowered their tariffs on imported industrial products , thus breaking the deadlock in the doha round of trade talks .
officials said that the new style of the us proposal demands that the annual us subsidies for agriculture be reduced from the current one hundred us dollars to 200 million us dollars , and the developing countries will transfer the import tariffs on industrial products to below .
the proposal was aimed at breaking the deadlock in the doha round of talks over the past six years and helping the wto members reach a compromise agreement .
the secretary general of the wto , called these proposals , are an agreement reached on a certain equilibrium of the goal , which is fair and reasonable , based on the development orientation agreement .
lamy said : the contents of the proposal by the un member states will not be completely satisfied , but the issue of dissidents being discussed at present is less than the issue of obtaining a consensus .
he called for intensive negotiations in the coming few weeks .
prc paper on production of new japanese automobile plants ,
japan 's earthquake caused heavy casualties on its automobile parts shortage and its hefei automobile industry ,
japan 's heat has been hit by a strong smelting of 6.8 straw , and the research company of zero , thus was forced to suspend the operation of the plant in tokyo , and chain - chain production of the plant .
the company named shang , the world 's most salient female spokesman , said : luju will temporarily suspend domestic automobile production from tonight through 21 february .
nakagawa , spokesman for the japanese company , said that from the day after tomorrow until the 23rd , two factories that have been produced in japan will suspend some production operations and will reassess the situation during the weekend .
he said that two factories had two sets of experience , one of which will be affected by the company , but it is likely that the company will increase its rotation next month to make up for the backward production progress .
suzuki said that the three - day moratorium on production will be suspended tomorrow , and the fuji company of japan , which produces u cars , will also temporarily suspend production of small cars from tomorrow and assess the situation on the 21st .
ju automobile said that it may suspend some of its backlings .
the earthquake killed at least 10 people and injured some 100 others .
the business operation of the british company and the environmental protection company was cancelled .
ju said today that in view of the earlier rush - purchase upsurge in hong kong triggered off by the upsurge of speculation in the british environmental protection bags , indonesia has cancelled the oil trafficking activities in britain .
the kunlun mountain on the indonesian square in the high - consumption area said that the responsible person of the famous store : in view of the incident in hong kong , we have cancelled the activities on the city for environmental protection .
if the people were to be a forty thousand rupees ( about nt $ 4000 ) , the batai would have no such price .
hong kong residents gathered outside the sales shop on the 6th , preparing to purchase a private enterprise named yu xundi , which was designed by ynante , and i did not have a profile of environmental protection bags , but the store refused to set off a scene of mass mass mass mass .
this model of quality that regards environmental protection as demands is trying to replace the bags overnight , but it is beyond expectation that it has become a popular index in london , and triggered off an auction website ehimy price skipping to a few times the price .
the only company that was sold to taiwan by royalists , said that he did not confirm whether he would be involved in selling them in a few days .
when the hostage crisis is countdown , south korea directly negotiated
twenty - three south korean hostages were kidnapped in afghanistan , and a deadline set today was set , requesting south korea to withdraw from the country of albania , or else the killing of the hostages will be killed .
with the passing of one second , the situation has developed positively , and south korean officials have started talks with the organizations on this day for the first time .
however , at the same time , the organization said that the other german hostage abducted was very weak and started to fall into the mire and lose consciousness .
the rebellion called on germany and south korea to withdraw from afghanistan and demanded that these hostages be exchanged to exchange 33 guerrillas who were imprisoned by the afghan government .
the spokesperson for the shijiu agi prefecture said in a phone interview with an unidentified reporter : we have directly contacted the south korean representatives through unidentified tribe , and have contact with the south korean representatives .
amadi said : we hope that results will be achieved in this round of talks .
the yacheng local time ( 10.30 pm taiwan time ) is the final deadline , and the time will start to kill south korean hostages once the time is over .
the xue has extended its business twice .
prc 's pla paper says taiwan - rok military talks cannot be held in sea area
because each side holds its own opinion on the demarcation of maritime territories , the three - day high - level military talks between the south and the north have dispersed in discord today .
the talks held in panmunjon city on the border have entered the last day 's agenda today . north korean chief representative kim jung - chol ( translation ) said : we have concluded that we no longer need these talks that have not yielded results , so we need to talk like a muster .
she had a red face and her face was obviously unhappy , jin rongzhe criticized south korea , deliberately under the new territorial waters , replacing the original beibu curtain for discussion .
he pointed out that the northern line was not legal .
the beijing line is located on the line of the u . s . military , after the korean war ended in 1953 , but it has become the focus of disputes between the two koreas in recent years , and north korea has even refused to acknowledge it .
north korea said south korea had violated the law and triggered tensions in the waters , while south korea claimed that the accusation was groundless .
the clash broke out in the local waters in june 1999 , causing dozens of north korean crew members to be involved .
in june 2002 , there was another rumor of a similar clash , with six south koreans unfortunately involved .
us treasury secretary arrives in china to visit environmental protection and exchange rate
us treasury secretary colin powell arrived in china yesterday and the united states is making every effort to persuade china to further carry out the necessary economic reform and environmental protection work , especially the issue of the renminbi exchange rate , which has attracted much attention .
us diplomats said that powell first visited the large northwestern province of qinghai , a major province in northwest china .
at present , near the most influential lake , china has carried out a series of environmental protection plans .
powell today turned to beijing to discuss with chinese officials in charge the question of promoting the establishment of the strategic economic dialogue between the united states and china last year .
the main topic of the us - china strategic economic dialogue is economic environmental protection , and the most important thing is the issue of the exchange rate , and us congressmen believe that the rmb is overundervalued .
the us - china trade deficit is rapidly moving up , and the pressure within the united states is gradually rising , and congressmen are preparing to take retaliatory action to confront their so - called china unfair trade policy .
last week , the us senate finance committee passed a bill by an overwhelming majority , calling on the mof to reassess the basic state of the country that recognizes the currency exchange rate , thus opening the door to economic sanctions that have hidden in beijing .
us congressmen said that the undervaluation of the renminbi has caused the price of chinese goods sold to the united states to be extremely intense , and the us - china trade deficit with china has reached $ 2.5 billion .
murehe said that he had completely withdrawn from the western region before the age of 60 .
beginning with the beginning , musio has been in the western media , speculating in the future .
some newspapers run 14 memoirs , but the lisbon , i will stay in xxi , liloo , and the secret of yilunao .
musino reiterated that he hoped that one day he could take up the teaching of the portuguese team , and he really wanted to go on his religion , and i believe that there was always a day that the portuguese football association very much hoped to hire me as the head of the delegation , and he knows that he has been engaged in the careers .
however , 44 - year - old musician does not intend to contribute his whole life to soccer . he said he would retire before the age of 60 , and he did not want to be like bobby , friexon , and linkansen , who is about to be the old age .
ju i have already promised my wife , i will not be as good as roberson and fogson , who has been teaching until 70 years old , and the mythumes .
musnei , the age of 60 , i think about completely the lustre .
i have too many things that i cannot do now , and i am awaiting to do something .
i do not want to become a soccer advisor or or technical director , such as bardno or sarji .
i do n't want to play such a role .
i do n't want to become the president of a club , i just want to have a total luck , and muxingo stressed .
( qi liang )
wang bing of the cao shengli village in hongdong , shanxi , has been involved in the lianhe case ( picture )
since the beginning of july , the curtain has been raised on the lianyuan central academy of linfen city , shanxi 's hongsheng county , through the first trial of the first instance conducted by the public in the shanxi province , on the morning of 1 july .
while paying attention to the progress of the case , many domestic media are paying attention to the case .
because the relevant local departments were rather cautious , some reporters were unable to enter the site to gather news .
now , the project is still under way .
according to a briefing by the center of the linfen city , if the trial was smooth , it was estimated that that day it would have concluded .
however , whether the verdict in court is still uncertain .
at around 9 o'clock in the morning , some reporters noticed the scene outside the central courtyard of linfen city , with a state of calm and well - connected with him .
perhaps , he felt deeply about the + experience that was being conducted in the court .
when the time comes , there will be results , and we believe that the law is just .
a senior officer who walked through this place looked at the segment of the national emblem and said himself .
earlier , news from hongdong county confirmed that the father of wang bing , cao shengli , former party branch secretary of cao shengli village , had been dismissed from his post as deputy to the county people 's congress according to law .
earlier , wang dongyu had been involved in the lianhu case involving wang bing and others involved in violation of discipline in the cases . he was removed from the post of secretary of the village party branch and expelled from the party .
the " anti - dumping case " of the black brick kilns of wang bing has aroused concern at home and abroad for a time . the central authorities have issued a instruction calling for a thorough investigation .
the dprk and the rok reached an agreement on cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources .
chinanews.com , july 8 .
the dprk and the rok held talks on 7 june on cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources .
according to the agreement , the rok will provide the dprk with raw materials for the production of clothing and other light industrial products , and the dprk will grant some domestic exploitation rights to the rok .
according to a report by the japan dispatch association , the rok and the dprk held a light industry and underground resources development in the city within three days .
according to the agreement , south korea will provide shoes and shoes and perfumes to north korea , with a total value of 9yen .
in this regard , the dprk will conferred on the rok three projects of extracting power from the country .
the rok government will withdraw from renchuan port in western china on july 25 th to shijiu , the first batch of contracts and materials transported to north korea , 500 tons .
according to the plan , starting from 28 july , the rok and the dprk jointly conducted investigations on the eastern part of the dprk .
the move of the south korean government started to activate the program of providing north korea with 400,000 tons of rice .
after the dprk expressed its willingness to actively carry out the agreement reached through consultation among the six countries , including the closure of nuclear facilities , the economic cooperation between the dprk and the rok has become more active again .
the lanzhou commodity price bureau explained the price limit for the beef 's flour , but it was only because of the excessive increase .
chinanews . com , lanzhou , july 10 ( huang party )
this afternoon , the lanzhou city commodity price bureau invited relevant departments to hold a forum on the issue of limiting the price of cattle .
at the news conference , it was learned that the bureau and other departments jointly issued a tape price limit , mainly because the price increase of the beef and meat was too large , which was beyond the generally accepted capacity of residents .
it is reported that the beef - face price increase this time is up to 20 percent , and data statistics show that this is the largest increase in the beef - noodle price in lanzhou since the first rise in the early 1980 s .
" the government 's action is to take into account the economic capacity of ordinary local residents , and the highest limit on our entry is to be determined by the cost , " said the director of the lanzhou city commodity price bureau .
on 26 february , the department of the bureau of prices of lanzhou city bureau of industry and commerce and other departments jointly imposed a maximum limit on the flowerer prices . once the news was disclosed , it aroused a strong concern .
it is learned that the forum was aimed at soliciting opinions from all circles and soliciting opinions and suggestions on the specific management measures for the next step of taiwan 's work , and also disclosed that lanzhou will hold a news conference tomorrow .
this will be a new case of the lanzhou city government 's efforts to raise the price of beef .
ju punishment : the china area development promotion association : stop the activities for three months
chinanews , july 11 . according to news from the website , on july 9 , the capital luju had suspended its activities for three months .
the penalty order shows that the china council for promoting regional development has the following illegal acts : collecting a super standard ;
after investigation , the unit 's standard was 2000 yuan per year , and during the period between june and february 2007 , they had engaged in business with more than 20 units ; except for the number one member who received over 2,000 yuan from its members , and the other received all fees and levies from the family , and the others involved in the company involved more than 80 thousand yuan in the project , including the number of paid by the company , and the number of such fees received by the organization .
article 12 of the " regulations on registration and management of social organizations " article 33 , section 1 , item ( 8 ) , the circular expressed extreme inferences about other cases about the society 's mass organizations ' activities within three months ending and the administrative punishment that should have been suspended for three months .
the rok government hopes to speed up the process of denuclearization of the peninsula through the six - party talks
chinanews.com , july 12 . according to a report by the korean union news agency , the rok government is very concerned about the meeting of the head of the delegation to the six - party talks , which will begin in beijing on the 18th .
a spokesman for the rok ministry of foreign affairs and trade on 12 june commented that he hoped that at the meeting of delegation heads of the six - party talks , the meeting would discuss the early ending of the initial steps and the implementation of the measures for the next phase , as well as the concrete and substantive plan for accelerating the process of denuclearization of the korean peninsula .
the commentary also said : as the core of the korean nuclear issue , our government will work hard to realize the goal of a nuclear - free korean peninsula in a rapid and satisfactory manner . it will continue to play a positive role and will carry out close cooperation with relevant countries for this purpose .
officials disclosed that the beijing olympic games will hopefully be the largest number of countries and regions to be held .
chinanews.com , july 16 .
according to xinhua news agency , wang shilin , deputy head of the international department of the beijing olympic organizing committee , disclosed on the 14th that the beijing olympic organizing committee will submit a letter from wang ju , member of the international olympic committee , to attend the 205 olympic games .
he said : if there is no accident , the beijing olympic games will become the largest international olympic games in history in participating countries and regions .
the report said that wang shilin represented the beijing organizing committee for the games to send a report to the pan - american sports organization meeting on the preparations for the beijing olympic games from the 10th to the 12th , including the construction of traffic arrangements for the construction of the " train " , and so on .
wang shilin said that the national and regional sports organizations of the pan - american sports organization have shown great enthusiasm for participating in the beijing olympic games , and all 42 members have confirmed that they will participate in the olympic games to be held in beijing next month .
it is learned that at the meeting , the international olympic committee will formally invite the international olympic committee 205 members to participate in the wuju olympic games together with the beijing olympic committee .
( gao peng , yang limin )
wang yan 's condition improved , ' he insisted on ' taking a stool and taking a stool to restore ' two levels ' muscle .
yu yan was already able to sit on the board , but she could not be so long and had a feeling of dizziness .
wang yan 's injuries in the match had been improving , with her left right , her right muscles .
the ju yu , the lu xuan ( female ) from the sixth institute of shanghai , has to move into the special ward . she 's right muscles , two to three , with muscles of muscles on her right and upper lims , and the leftist muscles at the first level .
in the past half a month , wang yan 's upper limb muscle muscle has already taken a turn for the better .
the doctor said wang yan 's muscles had reached the level four or above , more than one grade less than normal five , and the left muscle was also above three .
in other words , in less than half a month , wang yan 's upper limb muscles regained two - level muscles .
before , wang yan was able to get up with her doctor 's help and stay on the bed for five minutes .
the hospital 's rehabilitation experts originally planned to let wang yan stay in hospital with the protection of the recovering beds last week .
however , according to wang yan 's current restoration , the training for the rehabilitation of the unit had to be temporarily postponed .
wu xilong said : wang yan 's current training mainly relies on her lurking past , but she can still sit on the stool for a while , but she still has not been able to stay too long . ( reporters wang ju )
venezuelan president says major cut in wages to senior civil servants
chinanews.com , july 23 - according to a comprehensive report , venezuelan president luiz on july 22 nd made a lunge on the commission 's domestic and foreign policies .
he said that the significant reduction in wages for senior civil servants was a significant measure .
he also said that if a foreign country attacked the venezuelan government , it would face serious consequences and be expelled from the country .
the ju administration has ordered government officials to closely monitor the statements made by foreigners during their visit to venezuela and discovered that anyone openly criticizes him or the commission of the government must be expelled .
in his televised speech on the evening of 22 may , he said venezuela could not tolerate a foreign running to his house and a mystery .
in his speech , he also pointed out that the wages of senior civil servants will be substantially reduced .
he said : venezuela 's civil servants cannot exceed us dollars per month .
it is learned that in venezuela , some poor people 's monthly income is the same as us dollar .
in latin american countries , the action on reducing civil service wages has become a common practice and has won the support of the broad masses of the people .
leaders of peru and other countries have all cut their wages on their own .
the ju also said : cuban leader castro reminded him of the unpleasant moves of us command .
he said that carter presented him a book on the former central bureau chief of the central government ,
the hearing on the " 1 " spy case ended yesterday , and the wheel punishment was temporarily suspended
last night beijing time , the international automotive movement council held a meeting on the faulty technical espionage case , which ended in paris . the sumkai wheel that was summoned had escaped one robbery : the council decided not to mete out penalties for the kachai wheel for the time being .
the international automotive network ( iac ) issued a statement after the hearing , saying : lufeng mekai , mustsee , has the secret information of ferrari , but there is no sufficient evidence to show that these information is being used in the international auto federation ( ispa ) for the purpose of the world 's first - class business , and will not be punished or sent to the ministry of education .
however , the farali technical espionage case has not been so involved .
the council of the automobile movement also indicated in this decision : if the discovery of faulty 's relevant information is used to damage the championships , we reserve the right to demand that the wheel return of the automobile movement council hearing .
mai kawai , former chief designer of the new mai mecca , who has been suspended , was found to have nearly 800 pages of technical documents , including the french - speaking car design in 2007 , the construction of the lungu project , and the operation series .
the curtain has been closed .
( wang yuan )
experts believe that insurance , the short - term , will not triumph domestic stock market funds
chinanews.com , july 30 .
according to a report by china securities news , the " interim measures on managing the overseas investment of insurance funds " were promulgated a few days ago , and insurance funds have a broader space for the use of capital markets .
liu lefei , chief investment officer of china 's xiru company , believes that the rmb 's appreciation and the chinese capital market will move up well , and insurance institutions will not invest in foreign currencies through the purchase of the renminbi in the short term , this also implies that insurance investment will not divert the domestic stock market from the mainland .
the report said that many insurance companies hold the same views .
experts said that since there is no renminbi exchange market , insurance institutions are not yet able to avoid risks , so the time for large - scale foreign exchange purchase is not yet ripe .
liu lefei said : looking at the long term , in terms of asset allocation , foreign investment should take a certain proportion of the overall allocation of insurance companies .
however , because the renminbi is under greater pressure of appreciation at present , china will mainly use its own foreign exchange funds to make overseas investment .
foreign exchange buyers who invest overseas in foreign exchange should be treated with caution .
( xue )
china 's move directly losses 52.5 billion yuan in flood prevention and drought control
this reporter learned from the national flood prevention headquarters that as of july , the nationwide flood - stricken area was 181 million mu , of which 541,400 mu were affected , 1.19 million people were affected by the disaster , and 652 people were killed and maiden houses 45.708 million directly caused economic losses during the disaster .
the area of land affected by drought across the country has some lags about the lags erying once because of the drought .
july the state flood prevention and drought control headquarters in chengdu , hebei , shanxi , and shandong urgently made arrangements to deal with the current grim flood prevention and drought control situation .
it requires that provinces along the huai river and the general headquarters at flood prevention , step up efforts to guard against water during the retreating period , and seize flood prevention all - round victory .
the state flood control and drought relief headquarters and the agricultural work team have dispatched three flood prevention and drought - relief work units to direct flood prevention and drought - relief work .
at present , the work of flood prevention is proceeding in an intense and orderly manner , and the operation of the hong xinhe is also put into the leaking , the three provinces of jiangsu , anhui , sanxia province , are on the track of the others .
no big dangers are involved in the work .
in heilongjiang , jiangxi , and other provinces , according to the plan , activated the emergency response to the fight against drought , and the fight against drought is being carried out in an intense and orderly manner .
( by reporter zhao yongping )
chen shui - bian 's covert criticism of judicial involvement in the election of the taiwan " judicial yuan " denied and urged him to explain
chinanews.com , chen shui - bian on 30 july questioned whether judicial personnel on the island were attempting to intervene in the election of leaders in the taiwan region .
taiwan 's ministry of justice administration and high academic circles said on the same day that the performance of judges on the island is not in line with chen shui - bian 's statement and urged chen shui - bian to explain it .
according to taiwan 's " reports , " judge chen shui - bian has been queried about the resignation of judges or investigators due to political factors or election considerations , and he has intervened in an attempt to influence the election activities of candidates of various parties , saying that he hopes such a phenomenon will not exist in taiwan , but it is very difficult .
in view of chen shui - bian 's queries , the president of the taiwan affairs office , yue yue leng , did not respond to him , and the secretary general fan kuang - qun , while the legislature represented the higher level by him , was elected by the judicial college .
gao kinzhi said : taiwan 's law and the code of judges both clearly proclaim that judges should be allowed to take part in activities of political parties beyond the party 's parties or in any party 's activities , and judges have been very cautious in observing relevant restraints , believing that judges have done their work well .
gao pointed out : kaohsiung senior judge chang shengju pointed out that the higher academy was involved in the triumphant school curriculum a few years ago , that is , because the relevant curriculum has political colors and is a self - discipline committee that consists of judges .
zhang shengxi once wanted to take part in the dpp 's campaigning because of disputes over his work .
gao jinzhi maintained that if a case is tried in a particular case , if it is not done at the examination level , it will not be possible to judge the judge by his political intention .
germany to lower the entry threshold for professional talent
the reporters learned from the pla general staff headquarters that the pla general staff have been conducting a military exercise in the northern region .
german minister of education and scientific research shavan recently said that germany should lower its " scripture " to restrict the admission of foreign professionals and increase its input of foreign talents to solve the problems facing germany by bringing in more foreign talents .
germany 's move to germany at the age of 15 - 64 has been completed annually , according to the oecd report .
if there is no adequate immigration , then germany 's labor force will be reduced by 6 percent compared with the present .
however , the german employers ' federation and the german engineers association reported that in germany 's current labor market , engineers ' professional technical talent is relatively large .
according to statistics from the german federal labor bureau , in may this year , the supply of engineers in the german labor market was about 170,000 , and the technicians had supply about 9,600 people .
germany has adopted a series of policies to protect its own employment and set a relatively high threshold for introducing foreign talent .
germany 's " script " stipulates that non - eu professionals are not at 855,000 euros in germany , otherwise they cannot be granted a job and residence permit in germany .
the sand mann proposed lowering this quota to the level of euro .
do not superstition and theory ;
the " law of lawyers " which was recently submitted to the npc standing committee for examination and discussion , stipulates that those who have engaged in legal studies and other specialized work , and who have both higher level or similar professional standards , apply for lawyers ' practice , which is approved by the judicial administrative department of the state council , may be permitted to practice their business .
prc academic on 28 june ,
legal experience , and academic studies and practices ,
over a long time , the theories and the practices of the luan circle exist in the phenomenon of the lyrics , light phenomenon , theoretical circles believe that the lack of necessary regarding the undertaking of the real field is only a mechanical doctrine , and the emergence of a mysterious circle in the field of theory .
with regard to such a division of labor , what the law can do is to maintain its reputation , not to support any one .
however , the rumor of the " law of lawyers " has objectively recognized the theory of the law and has higher the legal status than the legal profession .
in fact , some purely engaged in study of laws and international practices , and some experts and scholars engaged in theoretical studies and teaching , have been deeply rooted in the practice of law , and have been involved in the practice of laws .
this way , the lawyers ' system , without doubt , has been the laughing stock of the legal profession 's qualifications , and the influence is extremely unsatisfactory .
regarding theories and superstitions , such as the study of experts and appraisal meetings , and even the veto of court judgments , are also a superstition .
encourage chinese - funded vessels to hoisting
jfjb commentator on building up military power in order to build a modern military power ,
it was learned from the news conference held by the state council that starting 1 july , china will implement a special plan for international shipping shipping companies to register and encourage the hanging of foreign - funded ships to return to china for registration , and obtain the registration of ships from the people 's republic of china and the establishment of vessels .
to further promote the healthy development of china 's maritime industry and strengthen the country 's shipping industry , we have recently conducted a survey on the number of vessels that china has engaged in international navigation , and the issue of the operation of foreign flags . the ministry of communications recently issued a " circular on implementing the special registration policy for chinese - invested international shipping companies " and clearly stipulated the policy of the special case and the procedures for application , and to provide assistance to vessels that meet the requirements from 1 july this
the application for shipping lanes to be done by dalian port in shanghai for shipping registration .
britain lowers level of terror attack
the reporters learned from the pla daily , london , july 5 th , by reporter lin guo
the british government has made a move to downgrade the highest level of terrorist attacks to the serious level of the attacks , which indicates that the terrorist attacks in britain will not happen soon , but the attacks are extremely likely to be involved .
the investigation is being conducted in the united kingdom and is being conducted in india and australia .
the police have been investigating the case because the eight arrested suspects of terrorist attacks are working in the medical system .
it is learned that nearly the workers working in the british public medical system are all receiving medical treatment abroad .
the prime minister also called for an investigation into the background of high - tech migration , and employers or relevant organizations will be required to provide background information .
do n't let the business dealers feel tired .
tourism , charts , and the qing dynasty , themselves ,
but when you travel in china , many people have met with such a worry , and when the business dealers and business intermediaries are surrounded and chased .
the car , train , train , and train always meet the small traders and some unlicensed intermediary businesses .
it is not selling a spade , selling magazine , selling newspapers and periodicals , and then introducing food and drink , or even issuing false certificates .
if you do n't accept it , he can chase you for several hundred meters , and if it is very unsuccessful , it will become a benevolent trend .
many of these events , including wind and others , have the same feelings .
if you have not entered the gate , you will experience tourism and little , er ,
after i entered the house , this situation will become even more , and yaxing , which is better , is also suppressed and feeble .
some media reported that many foreign tourists in xian were shocked by the monuments in xian . however , they were very impressed by the fact that many small businessmen were allowed to go around and call them up again and again .
these include the operation of stations and the origin of these classes , which are parallel with the practice , and should be characterized by orderly civilization , peaceful harmony , and so on and so forth .
the freedom of business dealers and the confusion of thoughts have been ruined objectively , these secret public order have been ruined , and a series of seepage and environmental pollution have been formed . meanwhile , these have provided the conditions and opportunities for them to stay aloof .
what is important is that these are the windows of the local spiritual civilization construction , and the curtains of all the leopards , the damage is not only an image issue , but also will have an impact on the local economic development .
just think , if you want to become a big and powerful tourist industry , you use this kind of a chaotic , completely bad tourism environment to welcome the guests coming from south to north , who will still dare to come ?
how can your tourism economy achieve results ?
with the arrival of the peak tourist season , it will create a civilized tourism environment for tourists from northern and southern parts of the country . it should be said that the pressing task is to do so .
the practice of these enterprises is not a market , and the operation of small business hawkers should be standardized ; those operating without a license should be resolutely abolished , and illegal activities should be resolutely cracked down .
only by allowing the joy to move forward in a civilized and orderly environment can we return to the fore .
let 's say , do n't let traders get impatient .
rewards on their own initiative and rewards .
the dongcheng district in beijing has issued electric stream articles such as relocation and relocation to 12 households that voluntarily retained their homes .
( xinjing bao , july 10 )
this writer is pleased to see the improvement of these family life , but he has not mentioned the proposal of retreating on his own initiative , nor has he himself been rewarded with the award method .
jianguang street office deputy director said : regarding the fraud and low security , we encourage people to take the initiative to repay the insurance , and set examples for other low - income households .
this is an example , if it is to encourage other low - income workers to get out of their difficulties through their own efforts , if they intend to move along with this , those old personnel who have long been cheated by swindling low - income personnel , then they will not be a bit naive .
in differentiating and sorting out low insurance households , what we rely more on is the law .
relevant departments should strengthen the system of minimum allowable income for households who are entitled to basic allowances : if they report changes in family members and income in a timely manner , report on the employment situation , and accept reexamination at regular intervals , the departments concerned should intensify supervision and inspection .
after all , retreating according to law is a long - term plan .
the neighborhoods rewarded their families with rewards , who is the lum ?
as a government organization of a first - level government , the neighborhood has to be borne by financial appropriations .
and the money of the taxpayer should not be flocked ?
on the one hand , the withdrawal from low - income families proves that they have certain self - sufficient ability , and on the other hand , those applying for minimum insurance do not exist ?
the government 's financial appropriations , called life - saving money , should be delivered in an abyss of misery rather than be added to the brocade .
liu gang - yi 's words have even made a lot of trouble .
on 10 july , the first township directly elected in the country , xingduo town , mulan town , was elected mayor of xindu prefecture for the fourth time after taking office . the rate of respondents accepted democracy at 97.0 percent .
during the dialogue with liu gang - yi , liu gang - yi defined himself as a technician who has served him well .
( xinjing bao yesterday )
the personnel involved in the operation of the press units may be more than those appointed by the system , the personnel involved in the work , and the business circles have become more true and true .
the most important aspect of the system of appointment by direct elections lies in the former mainly determined by ordinary party members and masses , and the latter was mainly appointed by upper - level organizations , and the orientation of the source of power determines that the former must put the responsibility for the people first .
the source of power and the responsibility to whom one is responsible are the fundamental factors that determine how one is going to carry out his work .
some people questioned the background of democracy , as well as the style of democracy .
my viewpoint is that with such a democratic style , it is better to have such a democratic style .
considering the history and current situation of democratic political construction at the grassroots level in china , i believe that direct elections for the public sector is a major breakthrough , and democracy is an important part of this construction , which is of no significance to promoting the building of democratic politics at the grassroots level .
india to elect first female presidential analyst to be elected is expected to be quite likely , while female voters hope to raise women 's status
on 23 june , before the documents of presidential candidate pawn , he lumps together with ten .
the indian presidential election opened on 19 july . the new president will be elected at the presidential election on the eve of current vice president shevardnadze and the foreign minister of lalashkar , who was not long ago appointed as the state of rajasthan .
the pali is the first female presidential candidate in indian history . if she is elected , she will become the first female president of india 's lush .
the pai hsi is the presidential candidate of the ruling national congress party , while shevat is from the opposition party 's people 's party .
since the congress party holds a dominant position in the presidential election , the media and the people have been all linked with the possibility of victory .
the 72 - year - old poncelet is the female governor of the state of palastana .
her lawyers , and her experience in parliament ,
she is also dedicated to social welfare , and is a social worker with many cultural education and social welfare organizations .
analysts point out that the reason why the paroux has become a candidate is because she has unswervingly been concerned about the situation in india 's national party chairman sonia gandhi .
in india , the gandhi family has controlled the ruling national congress party for a long time .
the pali was embraced by a large number of female voters , and the female voters believed that the pasu , a female , who had a serious concept of discrimination against women , would raise female status .
the constitution stipulates that india is a federal state , and the president is the head of state and the commander , and does not represent any party organization . more of these are a symbol .
( yen ying )
the united states supports the palestinian government 's expulsion of extremists .
washington , july 22 ( staff report ) ( by reporter qisheng xu )
us president bush said on 21 june that the united states will give all - out support to the pakistani government 's move of the base organization and extremists from the border areas between pakistan and afghanistan .
bush said in his weekly radio address that according to the new intelligence of the united states , the groups of the groups were established at the border between pakistan and afghanistan , and the security of the luggage was involved .
he expressed concern about this , he said he is worried about it .
bush said that the united states will continue to support president pervez musharraf , insisting on organizing and engaged militants on the base .
the " national intelligence assessment " report recently published by the united states points out that the armed organizations are particularly the unprofor of the army base organization constitutes a threat to the united states .
musharraf and some tribal leaders in the northern palestinian region reached an agreement last september on guarding against the old forces and the unita members ' activities without reaching the expected results .
the first leaders of these tribes are willing or have no ability to do so .
in his tape speech at the time of the recent incident , bush said that musharraf is taking positive steps to correct this mistake .
the united states hopes that the dprk nuclear issue agreement will be fully implemented .
washington , july 24 ( staff report ) ( by reporter qisheng xu )
us assistant secretary of state on the dprk nuclear issue us chief representative hill said on 23 march that the six - party talks last week were very important , and the first meeting achieved a real progress , but this was only the implementation of the agreement and the initial operation achieved by him .
the united states very much hopes that the ' 9.19 joint statement ' and the ' february 13 joint document ' can be quickly implemented .
" we are very concerned about what has happened in the past , " he said at a press conference .
he expressed the hope that all parties concerned will fully implement the six - party talks on the dprk nuclear issue within one year .
hill also said that the united states will continue to hold talks with the dprk and japan and the dprk on the issue of security and energy resources , and that the working group on the two countries will discuss the issue of dprk - us bilateral relations , which is still awaiting solution .
the climate change has led to a rapid reduction of the alps glaciers .
beijing , july 7 ( staff reporter liu jun )
the swiss academy of sciences ' long - term follow - up research found that the inner circle between 1850 and switzerland was surging through the 3 % annual average .
the style of the affair has caused a glacier of 18,000 percent .
experts believe that by the year 2100 , if the global temperature rises 3 times , the glaciers will be reduced compared with the current level , and the five ice - stream will all be thawed .
arlynch glacier is the longest ice - stream in europe , and has been listed in the world 's natural heritage list , but it has been reduced from the year of 2006 to the year of 2006 , and its protection has reached the stage of its intersected .
the picture is a 23 - kilometer - long arleslie glacier .
photos by liu jun .
beijing olympic games gods call for building civilized consumer markets
the reporters learned from the beijing military area command that
china 's consumer association ( cconsumers ) announced here today that the chinese government will hold a countdown for the first anniversary of the opening of the olympic games on august 8 .
the proposal pointed out : from my perspective , strengthening the sense of humanistic olympic games , learning etiquette knowledge , practicing civilized norms , abiding by society , and doing a consumer who knows civilization ;
we should strengthen our sense of green olympic games , protect the ecological environment , cherish the situation , actively promote sustainable consumption , and become a consumer who advocates green consumption .
we should establish a sense of diligence and thrift , change the concept of consumption , blindly and unrealistically oppose extravagance and waste , and be rational consumers with scientific ideas on consumption .
we should raise the awareness of protecting the rights of consumption , take the initiative to participate in supervision by society , consciously respect intellectual property rights , understand rights and obligations , and act as a consumers who act according to law and reasonably protect rights .
advocate the spirit of the imperial examinations and the awareness of active participation , publicize the olympic ideal , and become the disseminator of the olympic spirit .
police link - " hong kong 's future " - celebrates the 10 th anniversary of reunification
on 1 july , the shijian police of nanjing jinghai temple was again knocked around and started rolling around .
this thick historical echoes and the experience of the mainland , hong kong , nanjing and hong kong compatriots through the television station , the joint venture of celebrating the return of hong kong to the 10 th anniversary of hong kong 's return to the motherland .
on 1 july 10 years ago , the huangjing temple , the clock tower , resounded over 155 loud alarm bell , and the whole world was a great deal of speculation about the cession of hong kong island .
the reform of nanjing society has not been a much reunion . they say that we must get through our own repercussions , through the sound of the alarm bell , forever not forget history .
the alarm bell is 1.842 meters , and the police were on the heels of the outbreak of the nanjing treaty during the 1842 period .
standing 1.997 meters on the shoulder , and the lapse of hong kong has been the luster of hong kong .
the planning and cremation of the police bell at that time , the explanation that five years old , all about the past , all over the bell , used high - fledgling carved carved alongside the bell , and two dragon - shot - up , symbolizing hong kong as the motherland , the last of the two large islands , the last of which , the flower of nanjing city , as the symbol of the design of the nanjing city merm@@
the first democratic party who proposed the building of a police alarm bell at that time invariably talked about the whole world , and hong kong 's reversion has been 10 years ago . he expressed the hope that hong kong can be as bright as the police tomorrow , and that they can not lay on the sidelines in those years .
( end ) ( zhu xiaoying and liu yang )
the russian security bureau accused the exile of " conspiring " to launch a " new journey "
the russian oligarchy in exile in london , berlusov 's lawyer , announced on 2 july that the russian federal security bureau had formally put forward a new charge against his party , accusing him of not conspiring to run the state in an attempt to violence and the russian state regime has been engaged in a respectable state .
borovkov pointed out that in april this year , perez - sizewski announced in an interview with the british newspaper " wei - kov " that he prepared to launch the mere speculation in russia and confirmed that he had provided financial support to the rightwing elite representatives who opposed the authorities ' policy .
the russian federal security bureau immediately issued a " warning " on the indiscriminate violence in accordance with section 278 of the russian federation criminal law .
it is reported that in february 2006 , the russian federal procuratorate filed a criminal case charge against him . based on the same reason that the exile oligarks confirmed in their interviews that they were attempting to seize the russian regime by force .
because he had been in exile abroad and was unable to extradite him , in january 2007 russia suspended the investigation .
moscow , july 2 the moscow saviilyaf court began to try another criminal case against exiles . the russian chief procuratorate accused belizovsky of swallowing russian airline 214 million rubles in funds , money laundering $ 16 - million , and the court heard the ruling postponed the hearing to 12 july .
he believes that these are the lumps of his defense lawyers , and his participation in the activities are unequivocal .
( bi yuan )
guangxi 's company 's work post is under administrative efficiency supervision 619 people are held responsible for the case
since the beginning of this year , all localities and departments in guangxi have launched activities to change cadres ' work style and strengthen the organization 's administrative work style , implement the curtain system , and instituted the system of holding accountable officials accountable for the three systems , " and 33 key departments directly under the direct examination and approval have been incorporated into the administrative supervision network .
as of now , 619 people have been held accountable .
on 5 june , this reporter learned from the discipline inspection commission of the autonomous region that guangxi has initially established the operational efficiency supervision network of the county level in the autonomous region , and has strengthened supervision over key departments ' responsibilities , and the electronic supervision system in 14 cities has been established on the network .
the autonomous region 's electronic supervision system for administrative efficiency directly links to 33 areas involving investment environment and the production and life of the masses , and the 33 key examination and approval departments directly directly under the autonomous region , thus further standardizing examination and approval behavior and improving the efficiency of examination and approval .
at the same time , discipline inspection and supervision organs at all levels in guangxi seriously investigated and dealt with cases involving the malpractices of the masses ' interests . as of now , they have investigated and verified 11,ithand , investigated 769 pieces , and seriously investigated and affixed the responsibilities of 619 units of 584 units .
the secretary of the xiliang party committee standing committee , ma kun , said on 5 july that supervision of administrative efficiency is a work that has been done along with the administrative activities at all times , and it is necessary to gradually form a long - term mechanism .
guangxi should further improve and standardize all aspects of administrative management and establish and improve all mechanisms for supervising administrative efficiency and mechanisms for guaranteeing that the supervision of efficiency is incorporated into the institutionalized track , further standardize supervision and inspection procedures , improve the mechanism for handling complaints and the mechanism for evaluating performance results , and intensify the investigation of responsibility and affix responsibility for the first and limit of time for ensuring responsibility .
the united states and japan should strengthen cooperation in the field of energy .
nato does not rule out cooperation with the united states on the abm system
nato information officer simon deman said in an exclusive interview with xinhua on the 9th that the possibility of linking the us anti - missile system and nato 's own defense system may not be ruled out .
" we are very confident that the us military will be able to launch a missile attack against the united states , " said simonna manuso .
nato has its own tmd system and has started to discuss the establishment of a strategic missile defense system , thus turning the us abm system into a defense system of nato itself , she said .
she also said that the issue of the us establishment of an anti - missile system in europe will be promptly exchanged with russia through various channels .
china 's top legislator , jose de venecia , said here tuesday that the united states is willing to strengthen cooperation with china in the field of human rights .
two jordanian jailed for planning attacks on americans
two jordanian men jailed for planning attacks on americans in jordan were tried by the jordanian national security court on 11 november .
the two men , both 25 , were hijacked by a machette , and were sentenced to eight years ' imprisonment with mandatory work - related injuries , another person from the imperial college , hada , was sentenced to three years ' imprisonment with mandatory labor service .
the court said that al-tauri was also charged with illegally holding a secret private car in his search of him .
the court originally decided to sentence bearer to life imprisonment , but after considering reversing his past experience , it decided to cut off its record for eight years .
the indictment said that the two defendants decided to remove all the names of those who suffered from the humiliation of the american people after the iraq war , and masterminded the attack of americans living in jordan .
in august 2006 , they had a famous folian ethnic group living in the capital of jordan , but after launching the attack , they were arrested by the police .
the indictment did not make public the identity of the american .
the indictment also accused the two defendants of having plans to attack other americans , but they did not reveal the details .
( by reporter su xiaopo )
the negative reaction of diabetes drugs has increased significantly in number .
according to a report by the us media on the 15th , the negative reaction of the anti - diabetes drug and other heart diseases caused by wen di has shown a sharp upward trend in the united states recently .
the food and drug administration of the united states issued a safety warning in may this year , suggesting diabetes sufferers to be careful because the scientists published the first issue of the new journal " the new medical journal " on 21 may , which says that this type of unsalable drug will greatly increase the incidence rate of patients and the incidence rate of mortality and the associated heart disease .
as a result , wen diya 's attention has been paid to doctors and patients .
the statistics showed that about one month after the issue of the safety warning , the us pharmaceutical administration ( abc ) received 357 complaints about adverse reactions caused by jaffe , of which 38 were deaths .
in january and february this year , the state pharmaceutical administration bureau received only 50 cases and 73 reports of adverse reactions .
these bad responses were light water blisters and weighed to sudden death of heart attack .
however , drug experts of the us pharmaceutical administration said that the evidence that has come to an unsafe conclusion of wendiya is early .
the board will hold a meeting on wendi 's hearing on july 30 .
in 1999 , wendiya was an island sensor that was applicable to the cure type increase .
there are about 6 million diabetes patients in the world who have taken or are taking vinyaja .
the media of the british royal glaxosmithkline has always believed that wendiya is safe and has greatly benefited from the case .
us intends to resume middle east peace talks
us president bush issued a speech in washington on 16 june , calling for a meeting this fall on the palestine - israel issue and inviting the partial departure of some arab countries and other relevant countries of israel , on palestine , to jointly promote the restarting of the middle east peace process .
on the 17th , bush also called egyptian president mubarak , king mubarak ii , and saudi king , requesting them to respond actively to the initiative and to support the palestinian national authority chairman abbas in real terms , to help palestine and israel resume peace talks at an early date .
abbas says plo central committee to discuss early palestinian elections
on 18 july , abbas , chairman of the palestinian national authority , said in ramallah that the palestinian liberation organization ( plo ) central committee 's two - day meeting opened on the same day , and the meeting will discuss the holding of the palestinian national authority and the legislative council elections ahead of schedule .
abbas met with the eu foreign and security council secretary - general , who is in charge of foreign affairs and security affairs , at the subsequent joint press conference that if the palestinian liberation organization 's central committee makes relevant decisions , the president will have the right to release legal documents and to forcefully uh , the central committee will issue such an order very soon .
at the same time , abbas was satisfied with the relations between the palestinian national authority and the european union .
he said : the palestinian side welcomes the eu 's understanding of the measures taken by the palestinian president 's office .
abbas urged the eu to continue providing humanitarian aid to the palestinian people in gaza .
he reiterated the eu 's support for abbas and the palestinian people .
he said : the un concerned about the middle east issue ( the united states and russia ) will convene a meeting on 19 february to discuss the issue of reopening the middle east peace process , and in the next few days it may be proposed .
the rejoice said that the eu holds a positive attitude toward the deployment of international troops in gaza , but it still needs to discuss with other parties , especially with the united nations .
( by reporter wang ju )
jiangxi will provide awards to health talent in rural areas with a 30 - year experience
for a long time , a large number of health and technical personnel have been engaged in rural work , and have paid their new work and life in rural areas .
jiangxi province recently decided to launch a trial of rural technical personnel involved in rural health work for 30 years .
according to the health department of jiangxi province , in the township health care center run by the government , there are many technical classes in health care , such as health secondary school education and primary school health professional skills , and those who have worked in public health at or above the township level who have successively merged or merged with the haoyu township blood defense section or maanfeng village , who have worked for 30 years , are all presented with awards .
the final calculation time for the first group was determined by the end of july .
as for qualified rural health personnel , jiangxi province has promulgated three measures , namely , the honeywell award for 30 years , and the laurels award for the past 30 years . moreover , priority will be given to the selection of qualified personnel in the field examination and the introduction of the practice of qualified personnel who are qualified to be qualified to be qualified from the public health care system .
senior level professional examination solitary competence , and evaluating the academic performance mainly on practical work , appropriately relaxed the conditions for scientific research papers , and exemption from examination , and priority was set after obtaining qualifications .
the jiangxi provincial health department will arrange a certain number of vacation quotas annually and grant a certain amount of financial assistance .
beginning this year , jiangxi province will launch a new rural health work in three decades , namely , honorable title award in rural areas .
the united states and japan should strengthen cooperation in the field of energy .
us defense department reconsiders reducing us forces in europe
a us defense department official said on the 23rd that due to the changes in the iraq war and the world situation , the us defense department is reconsidering a plan to cut the number of us troops stationed in europe by about half .
the us media quoted a defense department official as saying that since the iraq war is still going on and because us - russian and iranian relations have deteriorated , the department of defense has proposed a feasibility study on a plan to reduce european troops stationed in iraq .
when rumsfeld was secretary of defense , he announced that the united states would send its troops stationed in europe from 11.17 to the original figure 7 before 2012 , so as to build a privately run company with little of its own and crack troops .
at present , the total strength of the us forces in europe has fallen to the level of others .
however , in june this year , the commander of the us forces ' european headquarters , duke submitted a report to the current defense minister , in which he raised questions about the above - mentioned reduction plan .
the report said that the us forces stationed in europe , while cutting their troops , have been transferred to iraq and afghanistan in a rotational manner , causing shortage of us military personnel in europe and being unable to cooperate normally with the european allies .
the report suggests that the us military in europe be suspended .
a relevant us expert believes that the above phenomena show that the iraq war has been dragging on its original plan for adjustment by the us military .
the chinese government has decided to set up a special administrative region ( sar ) government department to conduct a comprehensive and thorough investigation into the case of the plane .
the jiaozhou city of shandong has started the " traffic safety film " project into the community work site .
chinanews , qingdao , july 26 ( reporters song xuechun ) fan zhongliang
to further deepen urban civilization and transportation , raise the traffic awareness of the broad masses of residents and enhance their awareness of the rule of law and traffic safety , and enhance their consciousness of abiding by the law , from 20 july to 10 august ( weekly three - five ) , and the municipality has started its practice of studying the theory of the " three times " in the xijia family square in the city of xilijia le plaza from 20 july .
before the movie was staged , the gangsters had " the ruins protecting life -- to worship the vast number of residents " and some propaganda materials to distribute to the public , and broadcast " the love of life for the broad masses " and " the road to school " .
the scene in the film caused a hue and cry among the residents , and the scenes started a great warning .
especially , the special subject film " going to school , " through the style of going on , let the understand yourself , and accept profound education .
the film attracted more than 3,000 residents around the square , especially some of the societies of the qing dynasty who came to jiaozhou to watch the film with great relish .
the city has also taken measures to promote the construction of infrastructure facilities and social security in the city through the launching of the movie on the ' traffic safety ' community .
china 's food industry to be informed of health
to better implement the " food hygiene law " and the state council 's " circular on further strengthening food safety , " the ministry of health has separately issued a circular on issues such as the haidian district in beijing municipality , the taxi city in jiangsu , hangzhou city in zhejiang province , jingyang city , haikou , and luju , and sichuan province , and other places have carried out a work of supervising the public health of food safety in selected places .
this system will gradually move toward the whole country .
the public announcement system for the catering industry is a system for the supervision of the hygiene of the catering units on the basis of routine supervision , and the management system for the management of health sanitation personnel on the employment of health workers proving that the quality and label of food processing process was in the process of hygiene and sanitation , and cleaning and washing of beverage and sterilization of major stereoids , and other major stereoids
according to the notice , the unified and backward form stipulated by the ministry of health will include nine items on - the - spot inspection results of the evaluation results , and the on - site supervision opinions and the names of the supervisory organs and the customer complaint and complaint reporting telephone numbers , and will be posted at the door of the inspection unit or the customer 's entrance .
the united states and japan should strengthen cooperation in the field of energy .
the security council decides to extend the term of the peace - keeping force in ethiopia and eritrea
the un security council unanimously adopted a resolution on 30 june , agreeing to link the un peacekeeping troops ( eererez ) with a term of six months to the next january , and to the establishment of the peacekeeping troops ( ereereereer ) .
the resolution urged all parties concerned to honor their commitments , exercise restraint , ease tension , avoid unununpredictable military activities , and urge eritrea to immediately withdraw its troops and the temporary security zone , calling on the reduction of the number of military personnel recently deployed in the vicinity of the provisional security zone .
the resolution demanded that steps be taken immediately so that the eritrea border committee could quickly set the border without any unparalleled , and demanded that eroyah no longer delay the establishment of a link to ererereritrea and all the operations that have been carried out .
the resolution reiterated its full support for the work of the ethiopian border committee and expressed appreciation for the commission 's decision to hold a meeting with eritrea and eritrea on september 6 in new york .
in 1998 , the conflict erupted between erlan and ju , causing many deaths .
in june 2000 , ethiopia and eritrea signed a ceasefire agreement in the algerian capital of algiers .
the united nations began deploying peacekeeping troops along the ethiopian - eritrean border in july 2001 to supervise the implementation of the cease - fire agreement between the two countries .
wang xiangjiang , july 3
the opening ceremony of the national team of taiwanese businessman
chengdu , june 30 , 2007
xing xue and tian yuan reporting : in order to implement the spirit of the party central committee 's instructions on building a harmonious socialist society , and to cooperate with the construction of socialist rural areas , all people and the olympic games , enrich the cultural and sports life of the masses , and usher in the all - china youth league ' jing ' in chengdu county .
the six - day event attracted more than 10 county - level men from all parts of the country .
according to the regulations , athletes taking part in this competition must be a player with a age of 18 years or older .
all 2007 , when the state sports general administration bureau registered the professional and athlete registration at the state sports general administration center , the professional and athlete was not allowed to participate in the competition .
the latest edition of the chinese entrepreneur association 's examination and approval of the " rules of the confucius " was divided into two stages in advance matches and final matches .
the competition was jointly run by the state administration of sports and the china association of sports , the china international sports travel company , and others .
in recent years , the cultural and sports undertakings in shuanfeng county , which have been growing rapidly , and shuanjie county has successively obtained the experience of the nationwide education county -- the basic experience of the national mass sports units such as the grassroots units , etc.
in the construction of new rural areas , shuangfeng county has vigorously carried out the project of peasants ' sports , and the construction of rural areas has been beautified by the project of beautification and the project of landscaping rural areas .
three functions of modern military uniform
first is the function of identification .
different countries ' armies and arms are different , and the important symbols of the military branches and the people are different .
in more than 100 countries ,
second is symbolic function .
to a certain extent , military uniform is a new historical appearance of a country and also a reflection of the combat capability of a country 's army and the military 's ability in combat operations .
after dress and training , he still had to face his career in the three major military uniform categories .
third , the defense function .
with the rapid development of high - tech weaponry , the comprehensive defense capability of new - type combat training uniforms has been greatly enhanced .
( shi wei )
the party committee and organ of a certain brigade have resolved the issue of departure from others .
chengdu , july 3
ji hisui , yeyu yu yu yu , yu yu : we can get involved in the house and benefited from the determination and courage of the party committee of the brigade 's party committee office to clear up the house .
today , more than 10 cadres of the signal brigade of the chengdu military region were joking about the relocation of the office . they set forth new requirements on the team party committee of the large regiment , which had the courage to tackle the problem , and were full of respect and proficiency .
a few years ago , with personnel changes , the family buildings of this brigade were unoccupied in some of the houses , resulting in difficulties in housing for cadres on the job , and the officers and men had a relatively large opinion on this .
the brigade had also cleared several rooms , and all of them could not be resolved because of various obstructions , thus turning this problem into old and big difficulties .
when a person is a person , he has to be brave and unshakable , and he has no problem that cannot be solved .
after the new term of the party committee leadership reached a consensus , principal leaders personally started to thoroughly investigate all problems of occupying houses in violation of rules and regulations .
they are engaged in and profile , hoping that the personnel concerned would have a clear army , the army 's raising funds , and the relevant policies of the housing , indicating that the party committee 's firm determination and principled stance .
some housing units that do not want to leave their houses too much have been left unattended by the party committee organs in good time to get in touch with their respective units and take corresponding measures to urge them to take the initiative to cooperate with the military .
after two months of meticulous work , all enterprises involved in violation of rules and regulations in the housing area have been removed on time , and the working cadres of the brigade have been assigned to housing according to regulations .
the party committee of the brigade was brave in tackling tough problems , but rather produced a series of effects . in the past , several cadres who were unwilling to actively cooperate with the organization in the distribution of cadres also expressed their obedience to the organization 's decision .
qiao qingchen meets bangladesh guests
beijing , july 9 ( staff report )
according to a report by reporter zhang shun , qiao qingchen , commander of the central military commission , met with lieutenant general ziohn and his entourage , chief of staff of the bangladesh air force , in beijing today .
qiao qingchen said that since the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and bangladesh , relations between the two countries have been developing smoothly , high - level exchanges have been frequent , and friendly exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been strengthened continuously .
the two countries have always supported each other in international affairs and in their respective national construction , and have supported each other closely and cooperated closely .
china appreciates and thanks bangladesh for its support for china on issues such as taiwan and tibet .
qiao qingchen said that the chinese army treasures its friendly relations with the bangladesh army and hopes that with the joint efforts of both sides , the two armies will further expand the fields and levels of friendly cooperation , and strengthen friendly exchanges and cooperation between the air forces of the two countries , so as to raise the existing friendly and cooperative relations between the two armies to a new level .
zaio said bangladesh will make efforts to further develop the two armies , especially the two air forces .
he reiterated that the bangladesh government will , as always , adhere to the one - china policy .
before the meeting , qiao qingchen held a welcoming ceremony for his visit to zoo .
he said that the two countries have a long history of friendly cooperation , and that the two countries have a long history of friendly cooperation .
the 2007 military uniform designer invited a guest of the chinese military online .
the beijing municipal news conference on july 13 , which was jointly sponsored by the pla general staff headquarters and the pla general logistics department , yang baojin , reported that the pla units will be changing their military uniforms one after another starting august 1 .
tonight , the china military network specially invited the army logistics department to be transferred to the department 's deputy director chen jun and senior engineer of the military equipment institute , the senior engineer on the military equipment research institute , who had been invited to visit the china military network , and the army and foreign network , as network experts , who were born in new uniforms and developed in the course of new military uniforms , have evoked repercussions among netizens .
the two honorable guests are the company 's direct research and development of the 07 style army suit .
on the changes in the new uniform , they said that the 2007 military uniform is a reshaping style , especially in the 97 style military uniform .
the most important characteristic of the 07 style military uniform is the chain of the superstructure and the shift of personnel , making the military uniform reach the level of coordination between the three armed services for the first time , and the sign of the establishment of the level of military uniform construction has achieved a historic leap .
the two guests also exchanged views on the new style of the army style no. 1 and the yebu style .
the current event was jointly produced by the china military net and the new wave network , and the lan .
the pla platform of jingjiang city has upgraded the quality of cadres .
recently , the company started its business operation on 18 june , and started operation on 18 june .
this is the result of the practice of the military personnel department , which has exerted efforts on raising the overall quality of the cadres of special forces in light of the actual conditions of their posts .
at the beginning of this year , the party committee of the people 's armed forces department discovered during a study and investigation at the grassroots level that some cadres who are engaged in a long and concurrently work in the armed forces department have not concentrated their energies on the armed forces work .
for this reason , they have conducted training on the basis of concentrating on training and relying on training in local party schools , and have conducted regular training for cadres with special arms , and focused on resolving the problem of unitary professional training for cadres with the knowledge of wu cadres .
in light of the central task , the task of making cadres of the armed forces ' diplomatic work was arduous , and the task was arduous .
at the same time , they actively coordinated local organization departments and jointly formulated the " program for the appointment of cadres with special military skills " , which clearly stipulates that the minister of armed forces must enter the leadership team of the party committee and stop from being involved in other duties ;
we have established a mechanism for the adjustment and exchange of cadres , and we have not readjusted some cadres who are in large stratagem from the grassroots level , readjusted and exchanged them in a timely manner , and promoted and used comrades who have good overall quality and good work ability .
not long ago , chen yisong , secretary general of the armed forces department of the new century company , ltd. , led the militia technical detachment in innovating underwater ship technology to fill in domestic issues , which was upgraded to the company 's armed forces department .
good start , good end .
from the outcome of the match alone , the score of 2 - 2 is reasonable , and it is acceptable to all . the key is the process of the match , and it is regrettable to many .
if iran is 2 - 0 ahead , then the symphony will be equalized , then the feeling of china 's inland feeling will definitely be different , and the morale of the team is , the opposite of the situation .
when the good is not good at the end , it can be said that it is old dissension .
the company often does not know how to play in situations , and the general view is that china 's psychological quality is not up to the mark .
this is indeed the laughing cause of the lungs .
however , judging from the current competition , it seems that it is not as good as it is .
sun jihai , sun shixiang , shaw shaw , zheng xingzhi and others kicked ball in europe and li wei feng and others were also jiufeng 's veteran who had gone on the sand field . they saw that they had a broad understanding of the whole world and would not have any problems in psychological quality according to reasoning .
this rejoicing has been forced to settle by the iranian team , perhaps it will be a drill on the run and repatriation .
under the backwardness of the iranian team , the two men were immediately moved to the scene .
the second half of the tour has also changed three , but the effect is not good .
we should overcome the problem of being good at the beginning and not to end well and accurately find out the root causes of the problem .
as long as the problems are accurately identified and the wrong methods are changed , it is probably not difficult to find them .
they are afraid of dropping a doctor if they are in urgent need .
if this is the case , the old problems will be left behind in another game . the talks will not be a problem everyone is hoping for .
the ministry of public security awarded the guangdong border defense corps hospital a collective second class merit .
the shenzhen , july 18 , by staff reporter guo jinglian
li guoliang reports from anju : over the years , the guangdong border defense corps hospital has , while doing a good job of medical support for the troops , always anerically anernthesia for the masses in difficulty .
this morning , the ministry of public security awarded guangdong border defense corps hospital an honorary collective duke qigong rally and a report meeting on the advanced deeds of supporting the government and cherishing the people .
the hospital of the guangdong border defense corps has regarded building a harmonious society as a ' new ' project of the shenzhen 's puji - huaan , one after another , established three hospitals specially targeting migrant workers , and laborers from other places have to pay only one yuan for the consultation fees , and the study tour expenses can be settled on a trial basis .
the hospital has specially equipped a train on the lianche service , which has sent peasant workers to the hospital free of charge , and has introduced the health service card of peasant workers , and the number of peasant workers involved in the medical check - up and 12 basic medical insurance items each month is only seven yuan per month .
this measure , which benefits farmers , has already benefited more than 12,000 farmers .
from the tuanqi , the hospital also unfolded the large scale charlianlboards , which have organized eight rounds of eye - catching medical personnel to go to tibet 's wuxi province of jiangxi province , such as yunnan province , etc. , and conducted a practice of providing medical courses free of all sorts , bringing the patients ' bright light .
the armed police force has changed its old clothes for the year of 2007 since 1 august .
the headquarters of the pla general logistics department held a news conference on 19 july . liu zhifeng , reporter zhang jianjun reports : starting 1 august , the armed police units will successively replace 07 - style clothes .
today , reporters learned from the issuing ceremony of the 07 - style costumes of the armed police force and the packing activities that the 2007 - style costumes all have dressed their style of uniform training , and the four major varieties of the lue .
the fashion has been adjusted from the existing olive green rugby to a deep - fold , folded folk folks and cracks , all of which are lumps , and the entire design is strong . on the setup of the no. 1 model , it is modeled on the national costume standard .
female officers and men engaged in eaves and hops on their eaves , and they have shifted to the normal style of the kaesthetic , the structure of the waist structure of the ordinary leadership style , and the style of hunting in spring and autumn often tailor - made hunting .
the new name , level of qualifications , and the new national defense chapter , and the re - designs of the hat 's emblem , the taored column and the embankment seal , enhanced the functions of identification , and enhanced the sense of aesthetic beauty .
the armed police will be changed in three years in the 07 - style costume .
before august 1 , 2007 , the army started to simultaneously face the xingduo cadres and the national flag team , the army 's art ensemble , the binding machine for the cadres and the troops stationed in beijing region , and the spring and autumn season , and the migratory symbolic symbolic script and the legendary symbolic script .
the unit has reorganized its soldiers in spring and autumn and often taune the logs of its soldiers .
the journal of the new october , the winter changing , and the river ganges .
in december 2009 , the soldiers will be replaced with winter uniforms .
training is subordinate to training and started gradually along with seasons .
a certain base of the second artillery corps started operation with a little short short spantum and direct education .
the reporter learned from the press that xiao yuanyuan was recently on the alert and the resources of the educational organizations of small , remote , directly subordinate units would be less than equal to themselves in the past .
this reporter recently learned that through six months of pilot projects , the base has issued the " implementing the ' program for ideological and political education ' " to cover all small , scattered , and directly administered units of the base , and has officially started operation .
to promote the effective implementation of the " outline of ideological and political education , " the base organized forces at the beginning of the year to conduct in - depth investigation and study of the current ideological and political education in units , and produced the influence and constraints on the educational personnel from the same level , thus initially forming the basic line of educational activities in areas with the cooperation of small units from scattered units .
the specific method of the cooperative zone is to break down the line of unit establishment and put the small , scattered , and directly subordinate units on a brigade or regiment level designated by a relatively concentrated area to carry out unified planning for thematic education . units of different subordinate relationships are running on the same stage or engaging in relatively long - distance discussions by relying on different platforms .
adopting the method of combining the practice of chiropractic with competition for posts , we have unified and redeployed education forces , unified use of education hardware in the whole area , exchange experience in education in all units , and regularly organize roving reports on typical study among officers and men in the film districts to exchange study experience in these regions .
the establishment of the academic contingent and the education of the profile in each cooperation zone .
on this basis , all cooperative areas have established difficult situations and training classes on gangshang university , which are jointly initiated by the society for investigation and assessment .
zhang shengmin , director of the base 's political department , told this reporter that the establishment of a political education cooperation zone has reduced the waste of educational resources and deepened the educational results .
some political leaders fear that they will lose points in front of the officers and men of the units , take the initiative to study new knowledge and explore new methods .
officers and soldiers who have been educated have also taken active steps in education , fearing that they would discuss and analyze issues before officers and soldiers of neighboring units , who would say something like a show .
such a great enthusiasm , and the enthusiasm of others have been effectively inspired .
a certain unit of the beihai fleet has set aside all the quota for the soldiers .
liu hongjun , deputy commander of the second artillery corps under the beihai fleet , recently conducted a drill on the 17th under the leadership of zhang weiliang , deputy chief engineer of the beihai fleet , and the 31 fighters of the brigade who had worked on the frontline for a long time joyously set foot on the beidaihe train .
luo xiangming , a class 6 nco , told the author : leaders of the regiment care for the soldiers , and let us feel deeply moved . after we return , we will definitely work hard after we return !
grassroots soldiers are organized on the scene , and they are still the first time in this brigade .
not long ago , yao xisheng went down to the grass - roots level to see that some soldiers responsible for work , braving the danger of carrying out repair work , made yao qingsheng deeply moved .
soldiers working selflessly , the party committee should show concern for , cherish , and take responsibility for the health of soldiers , and the party committee should agree with yao qingsheng 's words .
after studying the plan , the party committee decided to distribute all the quota assigned to the brigade level to the soldiers working on the forefront .
a certain unit of the jinan military region has openly handled affairs and has not yet been involved in hot issues .
jfjb commentator on implementing ' 3 rd ' plan for national defense university recently ,
wang weiqin , li deying reports : on 25 july , the author conducted a survey conducted by the regiment under the jinan military region on the project tenders for the unit 's engineering project and the financial expenses involved in the recruitment of cadres to join the party , and other important matters , and he was on a drill roll .
according to political commissar su chengsen , this is the first time that the ministry has taken a concrete measure to promote the system of opening work to the public .
the party committee of this unit has formulated the " regulations on two - way supervision at the grass - roots level of the organs " in order to strengthen the building of the party style and clean government , " and called on all major issues involving the immediate interests of officers and soldiers and the building of the troops to be decided after hearing the relevant reports on the work , and the result of handling affairs and handling of affairs in the field of work standards and the results of work concerning the work style .
the unit set up a circular column on the lianhe train , which opened up the curtains on the surface , and extensively collected opinions and suggestions from all .
at the beginning of the year , the renovation work of the old unit of the soldiers started , and the organs of the party committee extensively solicited the opinions of the officers and men , and then released information on the tendering and put into practice the practice of open bidding .
it has saved the funds and won the support of the officers and men .
the practice of making administrative affairs transparent and impartial has led to the formation of good practices in grassroots units .
in this unit , grass - roots companies , regardless of whether they are most sensitive or small , are all unfamiliar with personal books .
research shows shock of two genes related to the genes
london , july 2 ( xinhua ) icelandic scientists discovered that the incidence of the two genes has far exceeded the risk of a family shaking .
according to a report in the latest issue of the " nature " magazine , the lci pei company , a research personnel , conducted a thorough investigation of the hukou satellite originating from the united states of cuba and hong kong region of china , and obtained the above discovery .
the genes discovered by scientists were initially linked to the heart 's important function in the early stage .
the shock room was shaky , and it was the most out of the clinical rudimentary , causing anxiety and sudden sudden and unexpectedly .
according to the 1st edition of the natural genetic magazine , the number of circuit companies that unearthed the legacy has also been published in the 17th chromosome of mankind .
the study also found that one of the genes is playing a leading role in raising the risk of cancer while lowering the risk of mystery .
( sports ) old american gemini keller may retire after the american cup
xinhua news agency , marathon , july 3 ( venezuela ) , july 3 , by wire ( reporter jian liu )
according to reports by the venezuelan media on the 3rd , the 37 - year - old veteran machimle said in an interview here that if the us continental cup could not find a suitable club to serve , then he would choose to retire .
the lingle , if the us cup finals are over four to six weeks , i still cannot get a high - level team , a 1 - 2 contract , then the retirement may be a good choice for me .
with the emergence of the xingge of the german team , the kerry also left the team , which has two more powerful agencies .
although kireller had heart - to - heart , he apparently was not worried about his fate . he himself was not so familiar with him at present .
however , this veteran veteran , who had served western tour of england and germany , said that he would eventually choose to be determined by his family , and my child was altered by his family . he followed me in three different schools .
in the gold cup , which ended not long ago , keller played a remarkable performance and helped the team win the championship .
he was still coach bralard , the head coach of this american cup , but he did n't have a boxing and a strong enemy , and he was a young guard of the young guard army , and he simply did not run the lukashenko in such a mighty manner as paraguay . he defended his great gate of seven times .
the next match against the colombian team is very likely to be the lump team and keller 's last match in this american cup .
( overseas chinese ) black - strawberry smart cell phone to land in china market by the end of august
xinhua news agency , ottawa , july 1 - according to a report by the canadian " global post " , after eight years of effort , the black strawberry ( lapse ) of canadian companies has finally been awarded the chinese market , the first black strawberry cell phone will be listed in china at the end of august .
lu xun chief executive ji mum , ballilli said that he will take a tour of shanghai , guangzhou , and other major cities to introduce black - strawberry cell phones to commercial customers .
quoting the academic records of the beijing office , the " global post " quoted a manager of the beijing office , saying that black - awberry 700g smartphones will land on the chinese market at the end of august , and the price is about $ 700 , and now they have received 5,000 orders .
bob sili said that the company 's three major stock markets last week have caused people to pay more and more attention to intelligent cell phones as the competitors of hester , and black - strawberry cell phones have been sold in more than 100 countries around the world .
statistics show that in the first quarter of this year , the number of black - strawberries cell phones increased to 12,200 , with the total number of users reaching 900,000 .
( international ) spanish : husbands killed in monsoon
xi , july 7 ( xinhua ) a spanish woman was attacked by a monggger and pulled out of her face , and discovered a secret of the evil committed by herself .
according to local media reports on the 6th , the woman was in a bakery in valencia .
one day , a hoodwinked man at the store , she thought it was a robber who told him to get money from the drawer .
but the man did not take the money , but throat the neck of the woman and wanted to get her .
she wanted to take a life - and - death experience , but that man did not let her , she was not kicked , she chopped her neck .
during the struggle , the woman pulled her face and started to discover the person .
the assailants have been arrested by police .
the victim told the media that she and her husband were divorcing procedures because of poor feelings . they had two children .
thirteen pilots resign , wuhan company resigns , claims over 100 million yuan in losses in anti - appeal
wuhan , july 11 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a new office in the city of wuhan , the capital of wuhan
thirteen pilots quit , huayuan aisong company , china orient air , ltd. opened a huge compensation of 105 - million yuan , which is so far the largest compensation claim in hubei province .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee is now examining the case .
in may this year , 13 pilots of the wuhan company of china eastern aviation successively submitted their resignation and were rejected by the company .
later , the pilot successively submitted to the hubei labor dispute arbitration committee in early june a request for labor arbitration , requesting the adjudication of the labor relations with the wuhan company .
the wuhan company of china eastern airlines has received circular , and proposed to react to request 13 pilots to pay compensation for violating labor contracts and lifting the losses to the labor contracts respectively .
it is learned that the pilots signed with the eastern airlines an unscheduled labor contract , except the inland link which was terminated or conditions were lifted , the labor contract effect would continue to reach the limit of the pilots ' statutory retirement age .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee made an appeal and counterlitigation , and it is expected that the hearing will end on 8 august .
germany urges russia to pass russian border treaty
xinhua news agency , riga , july 12 ( reporter yang dehong ) - on july 12 , visiting german foreign minister steinmeier urged the russian side to pass the lansana border treaty as soon as possible .
on the same day , taylor and mubarak held talks with foreign minister pasu xx , mainly discussing relations between raade and cooperation between the eu . they also exchanged views on issues such as latin american relations and relations between the eu and russia .
at a news conference held after the talks , steinmeier urged the russian side to pass the larov border treaty as soon as possible .
steinmeier said : the entire region and russia have improved their relations .
on 27 march this year , after 10 years of negotiations , lukashenko , prime minister of the republic of sergei karvat , and russian prime minister shevchenkov signed the border treaty in moscow .
on 17 may , the rakhmonov parliament passed the rakhmonov border treaty .
according to the media reports , the russian parliament will vote on the treaty in the near future .
dprk , rok to hold sixth level talks
pyongyang , july 16 ( xinhua ) the united states has decided to send troops to pyongyang , the capital of pyongyang , to help the dprk to rebuild its nuclear facilities
the military representatives of the dprk and the rok held talks on 16 july on the military establishment of the hindu ju island , during which the two sides agreed to hold the sixth ministerial - level talks between 24 and 26 june .
according to a report by the central news agency , the north korean military representative , park lin - chu , put forward a proposal for the first time the two islands of yenping and baoling island in the western waters of the dprk and explained in detail their reasons .
he said : to establish joint venture zones , we must implement to the maximum the principle of seeking common prosperity and common interests in safeguarding peace and stability .
on the existing situation on the sea , pak lin - su said : to prevent the two sides from engaging in military conflicts in the western sea area , both sides should abandon their respective sea boundary , recognize and respect their sovereignty , and link the relations between the two koreas to the establishment of a " comprehensive peace agreement " between the two sides as well as the international agreement on mutual recognition .
he said : it is necessary to promptly formulate military safeguard measures to promote cooperation and exchanges between the dprk and rok , and this is the unsc stand that the dprk military has always upheld .
he said : the rok should take military measures to ensure the non - governmental vessels of the dprk can move directly from haizhou port to the south and go to the south , and free passage in the cheju strait .
this is another important meeting between the dprk and the rok held recently following the 10 th of this month .
the fifth round of lateral talks between the dprk and rok was held in the northern side of the ju dynasty from 8 to 11 may .
hyundai motor denies intending to buy woven
seoul , july 18 ( xinhua ) a spokesman for the hyundai motor company of the republic of korea ( rok ) said on july 18 that it has no intention to acquire any brands of wolfowu or the company under the company .
the " sunday times " and the " new york times " all reported on the possibility of selling volvo a few days ago .
the sunday times even reported that the rok 's modern automobile company is the largest automobile company of wal - woo .
the spokesman of hyundai motor company said that we had not at all interested in purchasing the jeeps or luhu , and modern times are busy implementing their own expansion plans without a time to attend or tour him .
in 1999 , the reform started with the 645 - million us dollars of roller wolfowovo 's brand .
at present , wal - woo and the luggage of the luggage group ( the number of classes ) are all on the list .
in march this year , the amount of money involved in the sale of us $ 4-- the lags behind -- the yue lun -- was involved in the sale of us dollars -- and last month , it also indicated that it was considering selling rhos and krill .
cuban boxers hit taiwan , rope too short
xinhua news agency , rio de janeiro , july 21 ( reporters chen weihua and lunhuang )
the cuban delegation started its current pan - american games fist on 21 march and it is too short to hit the dragons , which will affect the performance of the fist .
according to the rules of the international fist federation , the rope of the boxing stand in the international competition should be 6.1 meters , but according to the cuban team 's coach pedro rok , the rope of the pan - america games boxing games is more than the standard in the pan - pan boxing games .
roke said : we have submitted a formal protest , because this incident was not a political incident involving cuba , but a political incident involving all people .
the rope too short will affect the fist 's flashing movements .
he also said with a revelation : if you cannot find ropes that meet the olympic standards in the place , you can find another place .
as we knew long ago , we brought along the ruins from cuba .
the mexican and colombian delegations on the same day also expressed dissatisfaction with the boxing of ropes .
colombian fist giulioo dobes , who won the first battle , said : although i won the first battle , i still have a fist from the boxing platform , which really makes me feel unconnected .
daburs , daber , restoring export order
xinhua news agency , july 24 , shanghai ( by reporters xu shansong and yu lihong ) reporters learned from guansheng ( group ) company ltd. that the once backed dairy sugar at shanghai port had resumed exports recently , and many overseas companies have demanded establishment of orders one after another .
the guansheng garden , lin qingrong of the fuzhou south company , recently sent a telegram to the guanshengyuan in singapore , because the singapore agricultural grain and the singapore bureau on the inspection of the white - dairy crescent were non - excluding formaldehyde and could be sold in the market , so it required a company to order the order .
the company 's famous hseng company said that it requested the guansheng garden to immediately start a mall from shanghai , a large white rabbit of malaysia .
the guansheng garden has also called the champion 's birthday garden in hong kong , calling the hong kong centre for food safety to take a large babit sample in hong kong .
the hsbc trading company has received a notice from hong kong 's huaxing company that its 100 - plus business operation has resumed its sales of large white - beille .
it is learned that the ten large platoon rock crescent at shanghai port has gradually resumed exports .
at present , seven large containers of cabudulus and sugar are being sent to singapore , chu li , and muhama , india , nepal , and other countries such as the united states .
british bomb hostage suspects arrested for causing bomb threat
london , july 26 ( xinhua ) british police announced on july 26 that the domestically manufactured mutilated bomb - threatening criminal suspects manufactured in britain 's middle - of - the - road bombing were arrested in klima , lankester , on the 23rd .
the police said that the man was named pu maike , 51 , who was unemployed and he would be subject to fraud and bomb fabrication .
july 14 ( xue ) afternoon , 14 of britain 's enterprises across the country , yi yi ju , was closed due to bomb threat , and was closed immediately by the police , and business was resumed the next day .
the revelation was the peak of british public procurement , the closure of the 14 homes of the british company , the largest on record , was the loss of its sales income .
the british police subsequently conducted a criminal investigation into the bomb threat and announced that no evidence of any terrorist activity was found in the incident , but there might be some economic motives behind the scenes .
( sports ) changing the period of the beijing olympic games , the leap of the piercing through the beijing olympic games
beijing , july 28 ( xinhua ) the olympic games will be a humid year , with a large number of participants coming from all parts of the world , said a senior official of the ministry of foreign affairs .
by changing the flower - period and other technical means , researchers have found a good policy to add color to the olympic games .
the summer olympic events held in beijing on the 28th were new varieties and new varieties of the olympic selection , and experts concluded that the application of the selection method of promoting control and cultivation is adopted , and the different varieties or varieties of the natural flower periods can be opened in the same period in the summer , and the results of the evaluation of the olympic games in august in beijing will reach the best during the same period .
in summer in beijing , we usually can only see more than a dozen types of scenes , or large or small , or even large , or long - term , analogy .
through their efforts , scientific research personnel selected 206 classes of the summer olympic games , which are of a variety of species ,
the 2007 olympic games held at the beijing haidian park will be held in beijing , and the countdown of the opening of the beijing olympic games will be started one year before and after the countdown of the history of the eight months that the scientific research personnel have painstakingly cultivated the eight - month naturally without the natural flower , and will usher in the famous enterprises with the flowers in their hands .
turkish ruling party wins parliamentary election
xinhua news agency , july 30 ( reporter wang jian ) the supreme election commission of turkey announced on the 30th that the final result of the 23rd parliamentary election that the ruling justice and development party won 341 seats , 34.1 seats , and 34.1 seats , respectively , from the 550 parliamentary seats , won another party 's centralized power on the 30th .
in the parliamentary election held on 22 july , the main opposition party , the republican party , and the republican party won the election .
the national action party won 71 seats in the election .
apart from the three political parties mentioned above , 26 other elected congressmen were elected .
the new turkish parliament will hold its first meeting in august .
all members will be sworn in and will start to perform their duties .
after that , the parliament will elect a new speaker through a secret ballot .
the parliamentary election was originally scheduled to be held in november , but in the presidential election at the end of april , because the opposition party held a vote of confidence in the only candidate belonging to the justice and development party , vice premier and foreign minister , which led to the presidential election defeat , the parliamentary election was held ahead of schedule .
