the white house urged the nuclear inspectors to supervise north korea 's closing of nuclear reactors as soon as possible
the white house today called for the dispatch of nuclear inspectors to oversee the closing of its nuclear reactor , and the white house made the remarks in a telephone conversation between us president bush and south korean president roh moo - hyun .
a spokesman for the white house national security council said that the two leaders discussed the us - south korea nuclear issue cooperation .
cheo cheuk - cheuk pointed out that the two presidents also expressed welcome to the us - south korea free trade agreement signed yesterday and would strive to ensure that the two countries ' congress ratified the agreement .
experts believe that the plutonium plutonium produced by pyongyang over the past 20 years is sufficient to produce 12 nuclear weapons .
hill , the us special envoy for the six - party talks , said last week that he expected the yongbyon nuclear reactor to be closed in mid - july .
43 killed in rainy rain in western india
the rainstorms were hit western india on weekend , and some areas were seriously flooded , and the flood - stricken areas in the western region were flooded .
rescue officials said today that 43 people were killed .
the impact of the monsoon wind in june and september of each year often leads to the flood in india , a country with a population of 1.1 billion , which is a country with a population of 1.1 billion , which is even causing casualties .
this time , half of the victims were drowned by floods and other people were drown into the brush because of their houses or their families .
the indian financial center is also suffering from a legend .
in the 29 320 days alone , the 440th day of the nineteen mountain ranges .
the chief executive of the war tiger baker said that a single was born in a village of zarqawi , 13 years old .
officials of the municipal government called on members of the public to avoid going out to protect their own safety before the rainy rain .
the rain was slightly frozen yesterday , most parts of the country were flooded today .
nearly 500 dead in indian flood
according to officials and media reports , the heavy rainfall in india this year has climbed to 400,000 people .
the indian news trust agency quoted the head of the government for reconstruction , kadan , today revealed that the indian provinces have entered into various places one after another over the past week , and the casualties and economic losses are the main indian city of the poashtra , which is located in the largest city of india . at present , the number of deaths has reached as many as 330 .
the report pointed out that qadam made a report to the media during his inspection tour .
he said that india 's largest cotton production area is the province of rashtar , and the entire region is vast , including 27 towns and townships , and the number of cities and towns suffering serious flooding has exceeded 10,000 victims .
india is located south and north , and it has entered one week ago . residents of various provinces and regions have held their own wings to welcome the rainy season with a long drought . however , they have not expected the rain to be so ferocious and powerful . they have become a disaster with a rain , and the houses in the low - lying areas have not been flooded . the traffic is paralyzed . so far , nearly 500 people have died of hunger and disaster
the winner of the wimbledon nets , the jogoric abandoned game , the nasdaq , stood up in the final .
the spanish red celsius , nanni , today played a key role in the 4 th leaf men 's competition , the chevikovic , who was unable to fight again because of injury , and the panchen , who entered the final , will be together with the world king fei de tube , the french champion , who fought against the tiger 's battle against the tiger 's coero .
jakovic was once a player in the 16 th and eight top competitions .
the fourth seed jakovic retreat , which was originally a 3-6 - 1 lead seed , was the second seed to win the battle .
nagao was not the only one who was hit by a hot airplane at the beginning because of a lack of heat , but the two wars of the 2nd panic were both leading .
satellite shows iran 's tunnel is likely to protect nuclear facilities
the us institute of science and international security ( ict ) said today that commercial satellites show that iran is currently conducting a nuclear bomb exploded near the uranium enrichment facility in ntanzania , and it may be to protect its nuclear equipment when it is hit .
these are the genetic elements of the united states ( born in a swamped swine ) and made public the latest information on the global security research institute 's website on june 11 .
the research institute is located in washington , where it is a non - profit research group .
the show is only about one kilometer south of the ntanz facility , and is moving along the mountain to build the road , and the facility is a uranium enrichment factory .
analysts albright and brisnan pointed out in a report that the tunnels of the tunnel are not clear , but they are still a road that seems to be connected to a tunnel .
they said : a tube tunnel in the mountain will be destroyed when the air raids .
un special envoy holds nuclear talks with iran hard - line
the united nations agency of iaea ( iaea ) has held talks with iranian officials in bhutto to try to resolve the nuclear standoff that has been formed in iran .
however , iranian president ahmadinejad has been under the pressure of further sanctions at the united nations , and remains stubbornly opposed .
iran will not stop enriching uranium , but it welcomes the latest talks , the spokesman said .
he said that the tendency of intoxication or accelerated pace could be slowed or accelerated , but no one should expect that we will give up our rights and we will not stop this trend .
he made the remarks after he arrived in hai'ing .
the purpose of hauning 's visit is to formulate a set of plans to resolve the problems arising from the defection of the defence of the iranian nuclear program .
the united nations has already implemented two sets of sanctions against iran because it failed to freeze its uranium enrichment work .
the iranian news agency reported that haiinen and iran 's national security council assistant president vady , were in charge of international affairs .
the iranian delegation also includes the vice - chairman of the iaea , and ambassador to the iaea , solana .
during the period of the war , palestinian prime minister fafaad will form a new government .
the palestinian authorities have been in the process of the war in gaza strip for one month after the implementation of the sawakening corridor , but they are immediately under control of the new government .
minister of agriculture and social affairs hhabi told afp that prime minister fattder 's resignation to chairman abbas and his acceptance of the chairman , and also asked him to handle the new cabinet responsible for the day - to - day administration .
abbas 's nahemin told afp that fatten 's resignation , while abbas ordered him to perform his current duties until he is in the new government .
the respected economist , fahd , has submitted his resignation , but only the program - based resignation does not shake his government .
france and yad have led an emergency cabinet of palestine since 17 june to implement abbas 's violent act after the war in gaza .
according to the basic law of the palestinian autonomous government , the unpopulated minority cannot be allowed to exceed 30 days after the parliament 's approval , but now the autonomous parliament is in a state of paralysis .
the power of the emergency government expires today .
wto representative proposes new resolution to break deadlock in doha round talks
the world trade organization ( wto ) 's main negotiator today suggested that the united states reduce its subsidies for agriculture by a large margin , and developing countries should reduce tariffs on industrial products so as to break the deadlock in the doha round of trade talks .
the official said that the new model of drafting demands that the annual subsidies for agriculture by the united states be reduced from the current one - hundred us dollars to 200 - million us dollars , and the developing countries have reduced the tariffs on imports of industrial products to below .
the proposal was aimed at breaking the deadlock in the doha round of talks over the past six years and promoting a compromise agreement among wto members .
the wto secretary general said these proposals are a good example of achieving a strategic balance of view and a fair and rational foundation for development as an agreement .
lamy said : a member state will not be completely satisfied with the contents of the proposal , but at present , the problems of discriminatory disagreements are less than the problems that have gained consensus .
he called for intensive talks in the next few weeks .
strong earthquake affects production of vehicles in japan or in china
japan was hit by strong earthquake this week , causing a strong car shortage , a car manufacturer like japan 's sani production , said today that they will suspend or even suspend domestic automobile production .
japan 's niger ricithae , a strong earthquake , was forced to suspend its production in tokyo prefecture for this reason .
the world 's freest car operator spokesman said that a female spokesman would suspend domestic car production from tonight to 21 .
nissan nissan said that the daily output of japan 's three factories had reached 12,500 u.s. dollars from the day to the 23rd , and that the next week 's review of the situation would be reassessed .
he said that two factories had two of the two , one of which would be affected by one swiss , but the company might increase the rotation of classes next month to make up for the backward production progress .
suzuki said that the production of some of the production will be temporarily suspended in three days starting tomorrow , and the fuji company of japan will also suspend production of small cars starting tomorrow and will evaluate the situation on 21 july .
the company said that it might suspend some of its aid operations next week .
the earthquake caused at least 10 deaths and injuries , and hundreds of houses were in a state of emergency , which forced the factories in the disaster areas to stop .
taiwan cancels sale of green bags in japan
" in view of the surge in hong kong 's purchase earlier this month , indonesia has cancelled the ban on the sale of green bags in britain , " said the official .
the nyingxun mountain in the high - consumption area of indonesia , a responsible person of the bandung store , said : in view of the incident in hong kong , we have cancelled environmental protection activities .
if the people want to spend a hundred thousand ( about nt $ 40,000 ) on the pachang mountain , it will not have that value .
the hong kong people gathered outside the store on 6 june to prepare to buy a large - scale food and environmental protection company , designed by the british home , the nyyinan institute , which is not a green bag in the store , but refused to leave the place to stir up a war .
the new model , which aims to protect the environment , is trying to replace the bags , but it is unexpectedly that the company has become a popular index in london and new york , causing the price of buying and auctioning the website , the price of flying in the green house , to several times the price of zero .
the only country that has obtained the right to sell its weapons , the united states , japan , and japan , has said that it is uncertain whether it will sell it a few days later .
the crisis of the hostage , south korea , and the direct negotiations
the afghan organization kidnapped 23 south korean hostages and set the deadline today for south korea to withdraw its troops from afghanistan , otherwise it will kill the hostages .
as time went by one second , the situation developed in a positive manner , south korean officials began negotiations with the organization for the first time today .
however , at the same time , the organization said that the body of another kidnapped german hostage was very weak and began to fall into the dilemma and lose consciousness .
the united states called on germany and south korea to withdraw their troops from afghanistan and demanded that these hostages exchange the 33 guerrillas who were sentenced by the afghan government .
a spokesman for the ministry of foreign affairs said in a telephone interview with afp at an unknown location that through the tribe , we have been in contact with the south korean representatives directly .
" we hope that the talks will yield results , " said mary .
the nugget local time ( 10.30 pm taiwan time ) is the deadline for the final day of the event , and the time will start to kill south korean hostages .
the two - time extension of the event .
' unhappy ' with ' unhappy ' military talks between two koreas
since different versions of the maritime territory are divided into one of the three - day high - level military talks between the two koreas , which are held in each of the sea areas , dispersed today .
the talks held in panchen , a border city , entered the last day 's agenda today . north korea 's chief representative , kim jung - ch'ol ( translated ) , said : we have reached a conclusion that we no longer need to hold talks without results .
the face of the red was clearly unhappy with the red face , kim jung - chol attacked south korea and intentionally developed the border in the kongnong sea area in order to replace the discussion of the existing northern limit line .
he pointed out that the northern limit was not lawful .
the northern expedition line located in the zenggu mountain is the us military 's presence after the end of the korean war in 1953 , but it has become the focus of the dispute between the two koreas in recent years , and north korea has refused to acknowledge it .
north korea said south korea 's invasion of the sea had caused tension , and south korea said the allegation was groundless .
the conflict broke out in june 1999 , causing dozens of north korean sailors to panic .
in june 2002 , a similar conflict was once again circulated in south korea , and six south koreans were unfortunately ill .
us treasury secretary visits china to promote environmental protection and exchange rate
us secretary of treasury powell arrived in china yesterday and the united states is going all out to persuade china to further carry out the necessary economic reform and environmental protection work , especially the issue of the renminbi exchange rate , which has attracted much attention .
us diplomatic personnel said that powell first visited qinghai province , a major province in northwest china , to visit china .
china is currently implementing the " green water lake " project in the vicinity of the biggest hammer lake .
boucher left here today for beijing to discuss with chinese officials in charge of the strategic economic dialogue initiated by the united states last year .
the us - china strategic economic dialogue mainly discusses economic environmental protection issues , and the most important thing is the issue of the renminbi exchange rate . us congressmen think that the renminbi is overvalued .
the us - china trade deficit is rapidly rising , and the pressure inside the united states is gradually rising , and congressmen are preparing to take retaliatory action to counter their so - called china unfair trade policy .
last week , the us senate finance committee passed a bill by an overwhelming majority , asking the ministry of finance to call the country 's list of countries that are fundamentally at a wrong level in the monetary exchange rate to open the door for potential economic sanctions against beijing .
us congressmen said that the renminbi was undervalued , which caused the prices of goods sold to the united states to be very shrinking , and aggravated the us trade deficit with china last year reached $ 2.5 billion .
muzenda called the west of the nineties a 60 - year - old man who had completely withdrawn from the foot of the fort .
from early dawn , mooiou 's future has always been a major topic of discussion in the media , but it is no different from the past that the portuguese again stressed that he would stay in the west london this summer .
some newspapers have listed 14 new marshals in western china , but i will stay in western china , zimbabwe , and yuri guanzheng .
mary nio reiterated that he hoped that the portuguese team would be able to get a handle on the tone of the world 's teams . i really want to teach myself . i believe that the portuguese football association would also like to hire me as the master of marshal and heliport .
however , the 44 - year - old mary neill did not plan to contribute his life to soccer . he said he would retire 60 years old . he did not want to be a player like bobiang rohansen and virgini .
i have made a promise to my wife , i will not be like robertson and frigen , who have been teaching at 70 years old .
mary naio , 60 , i want to be a full panchen .
i have too many things i cannot do now , i am waiting for to do a battle .
i do not want to be a soccer consultant or director of technology , such as barbado or sachi .
i do n't want to play such a role .
i do n't want to become the chairman of a club , i only want to have a thorough heart - breaking mind .
( qi liang )
wang bing , a black brick in the village of honghidao , shanxi , tried the case of a case of a criminal case of a criminal gang .
in july , under the concern of the public , the cna news network was first trial at the first trial of the case of the longtrial trial trial of the wang shengbing soldier of the cao bing bing infantry in a village of cao shengsi village , guangshen county , shanxi .
many domestic media are watching the progress of the case .
because of the relative caution of the local departments , some reporters were unable to take part in the interview .
currently , it is still in progress .
according to the staff of the linfen intermediate court , if the case goes smoothly , it is estimated that the trial will end on that day .
however , whether or not miki can be in court will be still unknown .
at about 0900 , a reporter noticed that outside the gate of the linfen city intermediate court , the deed was calm and married .
perhaps , they feel that they are currently engaged in activities in the court .
when the swiss invites , there will be a result , and it is believed that the law is just .
a senior citizen who passed through the place is looking at the national emblem and speaking himself .
prior to this , a source in hongdong county confirmed that the defendant , wang bing , was a former party branch secretary of shuishengvillage , wang dongzhi , was dismissed from his post as a deputy to the county people 's congress in accordance with the law .
before this , wang dongju was sentenced to death for being suspected of violating discipline in the criminal cases of wang bing bing , a criminal element of the criminal gang of wang bing , and was expelled from the party .
the " criminal gang " case in shanxi , triggered by the wang bing soldiers ' black - and - blue ditch case , once attracted attention at home and abroad . the central authorities issued a directive to investigate the case .
the dprk and the rok reached an agreement on cooperation in developing light industry and underground resources
chinanews , july 8
on 7 july , the dprk and the rok reached a consensus on cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources .
according to the agreement , the rok will provide the dprk with raw materials for production of light industrial products such as clothing , etc. the dprk will grant the rok some rights of exploitation of domestic resources .
according to a report by the japan release association , the rok and the dprk had reached a consensus in kaesong over three days on cooperation in the field of light industry and underground resources development , and finally reached an agreement .
according to the agreement , south korea will provide north korea with footwear and soap raw materials , with a total value of 9binding japanese yen .
in this regard , the dprk will consist of the three domestic ports of exploitation on the rok .
the south korean government will use the port of incheon to deliver the first batch of contract goods worth 500 tons from the west of the country in july .
according to the plan , starting 28 july , the rok and the dprk jointly conducted investigation into the east of the dprk .
south korean government begins to launch a aid project to the dprk with 400,000 tons of rice .
while the dprk indicated that it was willing to actively carry out the agreement reached through consultations between the six countries , including the closing of nuclear facilities , the economic cooperation between the dprk and the rok has become more active again .
the lanzhou price control bureau gave an explanation of the limitation of the beef flop price , only because of the excessive increase .
chinanews , july 10 ( by huang party )
this afternoon , the lanzhou pricing bureau invited relevant departments to hold a forum on the issue of limiting the price of cattle .
at the press conference , it was learned that the wushi bureau and other departments jointly issued a paper limit , which was mainly due to excessive price increases in the upper floor of the cattle , which exceeded the ability of the ordinary residents to bear .
it is reported that the price of the cow meat this time has risen by as much as 20 percent , and statistics show that this was the first increase in the price of beef in lanzhou since the first rise in the 1980 's .
" the government 's behavior is to take into account the economic capacity of the common people in the region , and the highest limit we set out is to be investigated at the cost , " said the director of the price bureau of lanzhou city .
on 26 june , the price of goods in the city of lanzhou city , the sandu public health bureau , and other four departments jointly set the highest price for cattle . the news will be released to the public and will arouse strong attention .
it is learned that the forum aims to extensively listen to the opinions of all circles and solicit opinions and suggestions for the coming out of taiwan 's specific management measures . it is also disclosed that lanzhou will hold a news conference tomorrow .
this will be the first time in lanzhou city to hold a news conference on the incident of price increase in the meat .
china : china association for promoting development of regions to suspend activities for three months
chinanews , july 11 . according to information from the internet website , on july 9 , the website will stop its activities in china 's development promotion association for three months .
the punishment order shows that the following illegal activities are still existing in the china association for promoting development : a standard superstructure collects a single one from one 's own , and a unit that uses a rubbbish to collect other fees from non - member members .
according to the survey , the annual average annual standard of 1,000 members of the units is 2,079 yuan , and the number of people living in the units from june to february 2007 is about 290 yuan , and the number of people living in the other units is 2,000 yuan .
according to article 33 of the " regulations on registration and management of social organizations , " the regulations stipulate that the social organization shall suspend its activities within three months of a time limit and shall seal the " regulations " in accordance with the law relevant articles such as those of the association .
the rok government hopes to speed up the process of denuclearization on the peninsula through the six - party talks
chinanews , july 12 - according to a report by the korean news agency , the rok government has expressed its regret over the meeting of the delegation heads of the six - party talks delegation to be held in beijing on the 18th .
a spokesman for the rok ministry of foreign affairs and trade issued a commentary , saying that it is hoped that at the meeting of the delegation heads of the six - party talks on 12 june , the dprk would discuss the measures for ending the initial stage and implementing the next phase of the talks as soon as possible , and the specific and substantive plan for the six - party talks , thereby speeding up the process of denuclearization of the korean peninsula .
the commentary also said : as the core of the dprk nuclear issue , the chinese government will make unremitting efforts to rapidly and successfully realize the denuclearization of the korean peninsula and will , to this end , cooperate closely with relevant countries .
officials revealed that the beijing olympics is expected to create the largest number of participating countries and regions
chinanews , july 16 .
xinhua news agency reports that wang shilin , deputy head of the international department of the beijing olympic organizing committee , disclosed on 14 july that the beijing olympic organizing committee will submit a letter to the international olympic committee [ ioc ] next month to the fifteen members ' olympic committee [ ioc ] to send out the 20olympics invitation .
he said that if there is no accident , the beijing olympic games will become the most olympic games in history .
the report said : from 10 to 12 june , wang shilin , on behalf of the beijing organizing committee for the olympic games , briefed the pan - american sports organization on the preparations for the beijing olympic games , including the construction of a highway , the border defense zone , and so on .
wang said that the pan - american sports organization member countries and regions are all very interested in participating in the beijing olympics , and all 42 members have confirmed that they will participate in the beijing olympics next month .
it has been learned that at this meeting , the international olympic committee will formally invite the international olympic committee 205 members of the ioc to participate in the olympic games .
( gao peng , yang limin )
wang yan 's injuries and injuries improved , insisting on " sitting on the stool and muscle 's muscle 's back "
wang yan has already been able to sit on the stool , but it is still not too long , and she feels dizzy . yesterday , director wu of the zhejiang sports and sports bureau , told reporters that she was very happy to see the results of her work .
wang yan , who was injured in the competition earlier , was still on the upside of the body and was restored to his muscle 's muscle 's ability and was promoted to two years ago .
this month , wang yan 's mountain range from the six hospitals in shanghai ( severe acute respiratory syndrome ) to the special ward , her right upper lever muscle muscle muscle 's muscle 's muscle 's muscle 's ability was 2 to 3 , and her left leg muscle 's muscle 's muscle 's muscle 's ability was 1 .
in the last half month , wang yan 's upper muscle had a further improvement in her muscle 's ability .
the doctor said wang yan 's muscle has reached more than four levels , a level only one level below normal , and the leftist muscle muscle is also at more than three levels .
in other words , in less than half a month , wang yan 's upper leftball muscle muscle regal two levels .
before , wang yan could have worked in bed with the help of a doctor .
the hospital 's rehabilitation experts originally planned to allow wang yan to be put under medical care at the end of last week .
however , according to the restoration of wang yan at the present stage , the training for the restoration of the student 's life had to be postponed temporarily .
wu xiqin said that wang yan 's current training mainly takes a string of grass , and she can stick to a while on the stove , but the time still cannot be too long .
venezuelan president says it will reduce senior civil servants by a large margin
chinanews , july 23 - according to a comprehensive report , venezuelan president hugo made a speech on the domestic and foreign policies of venezuela on the 22nd .
he said that the reduction in the wages of senior civil servants was a significant one .
he added that if foreigners come to venezuela to attack the venezuelan government , they will face serious consequences and be expelled from the country .
the government has ordered government officials to closely monitor foreigners ' remarks during their visit to venezuela and to discover that any person openly criticizes him or the venezuelan government is expelled from the country .
in a television speech on the evening of 22 may , he said that venezuela would not tolerate foreigners going to the country to flee their own pocket and foot .
in his speech , he also pointed out that the wage reduction for senior civil servants would be reduced significantly .
he said that venezuelan civil servants ' wages should not exceed the us dollar a month .
it is learned that in venezuela , the monthly income of some poor people is $ 1.0 .
the move has become a common practice in latin american countries in reducing civil service wages and has won the support of the broad masses of the people .
leaders of peru and ziguangao countries have reduced their salaries themselves .
he said that cuban leaders reminded him of the importance of the us - led war .
he said that carter presented a us central anthems written by him a memoir written by the head of the central government , and he looked at the secret envoys of the cia .
the hearing of the case of spies ended yesterday , a temporary freeze was imposed on the court .
last night beijing time , the international automobile movement council held a meeting on the farewell technologies espionage case in paris , and the theck - kay - kaikai , who was summoned , was escaped to a robbery . the council decided not to impose penalties on the kaili wheel for the time being .
after hearing a statement , the official website of the international automobile union said : the doha maiden voyage , which is a fertile leaf in the name of the royal bot , has the secret information of fattorney - munia . however , there is no evidence that these data are inaccurate to be used in the international automobile union 's international competition , and therefore , it will not be punished .
however , the technology espionage case of france has not been a panacea .
the council for the motor campaign also stated in this decision that if the discovery of the relevant data of fallari is used to damage the championships , we will reserve the right to demand a nairpin back to the car sports council , and at that time they may be eliminated or even cancelled , even to play in the qualification of participating in the competition .
the number of former chief designer of the mclenksk , which has been suspended , has been found that nearly 800 pages of france - laali technology documents , including the number of designs of the fillary vehicle for 2007 , the development of the foot - and - mouth test , and the operation of the fukui - kuo - fukui - kuo - fukui - fukui - shiba - shibao - pigan@@
the kaikai wheel , before the cowan bus stop , did not have other people know this information , and the kaikai wheel - type car does not have any legal rafali .
( wang yuan )
experts believe that insurance will not be fitting off domestic stock market funds in the near future
chinanews , july 30 .
according to a report by the china securities news , the " interim procedures for managing foreign investment of insurance funds " was promulgated a few days ago , and insurance funds have a broader scope for the use of the capital market .
liu lefei , chief investment officer of china securities company , said that the rmb appreciation and the domestic capital market are good , and that insurance institutions will not invest in foreign exchange in a large scale in the short term , and this also means that the purchase of domestic stock market funds will not be diverted to other parts of the country in the near future .
the report said that many insurance companies hold the same views .
experts said that since there is no renminbi market for insurance companies , the means of insurance institutions to avoid insurance are not adequate , the time for large - scale purchase of foreign exchange is not yet ripe .
liu lefei said : in terms of asset allocation over a long period of time , foreign investment should account for a certain proportion of the overall allocation of insurance companies .
however , in view of the greater pressure on renminbi appreciation , china will mainly use its own foreign exchange funds to make investment abroad .
as for overseas investment in overseas investment , we should be cautious in the current circumstances .
( still liushi )
china 's total loss of 52.5 billion yuan in flood prevention and drought control
this reporter learned from the state flood prevention and drought control headquarters that by july , 188 million mu of land had been damaged , of which 54.4 million mu of land had been damaged , 1.19 million people were affected by the disaster , 652 people died in the disaster , 45.52 people died in the disaster , and 52.5 billion yuan in direct economic losses .
the area of arable land in china is 140 - billion mu , and there are some 100 - billion people who are living in poverty .
in july , the state flood prevention and drought control headquarters made emergency arrangements in light of the current grim situation of flood prevention and drought control .
the general headquarters of flood prevention and drought control along the huaihe and the other provinces and regions are strengthening their efforts to prevent flooding and to fight a comprehensive victory in flood prevention .
the state general administration of flood prevention and drought control and other departments have sent three work teams to direct flood prevention and drought control work in the first line and in the severely drought - stricken areas .
currently , the work of fighting against floods is being carried out in an intense and orderly manner , and normal operations are also being carried out in the flood flood discharge , and the battle of resistance against floods is being waged by people in three provinces of henan , anhui , and jiangsu .
there is no great danger in the swarms .
in the provinces of heilongjiang , jiangxi , and other provinces , the province activated the anti - drought response in accordance with the plan and the anti - drought work is being carried out in an intense and orderly manner .
( by reporter zhao yongping )
chen shui - bian secretly approved judicial intervention in election the " judicial college " denied it and asked him to explain it .
in july , the chinanews . chen shui - bian [ chen shuibian ] questioned the taiwan judicial personnel 's attempt to involve themselves in the taiwan region 's leadership election .
the administrative affairs department of taiwan 's liangyu judicial college said on the same day that the performance of the judges on the island at present is not in keeping with chen shui - bian 's words and demands that chen shui - bian explain his views .
according to taiwan 's " yingfan " report , chen shui - bian on 30 june questioned a judge or a investigator who was involved in a misappropriation of candidates for the election because of political factors or election considerations , and even attempted to influence or even influence the election activities of various political parties . he said he hoped that this phenomenon would not exist in taiwan , but it might be extremely difficult .
in view of chen shui - bian 's question , the court of justice of taiwan has not responded to the call of chen shui - bian , and the secretary general fan kuang - qun is a high - level representative of the judicial organs .
gao jinzhi said : the fundamental law and the code of conduct of judges are proclaimed that judges should go beyond the party , and they should not participate in party activities , nor should they be able to help them . judges are very cautious in observing the restrictions of judges in court and are good at doing their work .
gao jinzhi pointed out : the supreme court judge zhang shengxi who was a judge of the kaohsiung branch of the supreme people 's court who attended the course of the kandahar school several years ago , that is , because of the political party color of the relevant curriculum , the decision of the self - discipline committee formed by judges was taken against the decision .
zhang shengxi once wanted to join the dpp , but he also took part in the election disputes , and finally decided to give up the decision .
gao jinzhizhi held that if a case is tried , a case can not be ruled by a court alone if there is a case of a case , and a case can not be judged by a judgment alone .
germany to reduce import of professional talent
the " blue force " of the " red army " was established in the early morning of 1 july .
german minister of education and scientific research shalan said a few days ago that germany should reduce the restrictions on the import of foreign professional personnel in the " law " and , through increasing the import of foreign talent , solve the problem of specialized talent facing germany .
according to the oecd report , germany 's labor force aged 15 to 64 will decrease year by year .
if there is no sufficient migration , germany 's labor force will be reduced by 60 percent compared with the present .
however , the german federation of employers and the german engineer association have reported that in germany 's current labor market , engineers are rather competent in professional skills .
according to statistics from the german federal labor bureau , in may this year , about 400,000 german engineers were supplied in the labor market , and some 9,600 people were supplied by technicians .
germany is a country that has established a relatively high threshold for protecting its own people 's employment and for introducing foreign talent .
germany 's " law of shi " stipulates that the professional personnel of non - eu countries are not less than 8.550 million in germany , otherwise they cannot obtain permission to work and residence in germany .
sha wan suggested that the limit be lowered to the level of swine .
do not take superstition of law and law to study
the " law on solicitors " , which was recently submitted to the npc standing committee for deliberation , has been revised , stipulating : those who had engaged in professional work such as legal research and teaching , and who have a higher level of professional knowledge like either critics or the same professions , who applied for lawyers ' practising , and who have been examined and approved by the judicial administration of the state council , may be allowed to practise their profession .
( " china 's fog " on 28 june )
in the law , there are theoretical elements and intrinsic elements , which mainly include legal teaching and research work , such as genetic acts , and the latter is more engaged in litigation legal consulting service , etc. the latter is engaged in legal consulting service , etc.
for a long time , the law has been a theoretical clue of people and a law - based theory is a phenomenon that is not easy to see . the theory circle holds that the need to be a master in the field of practical affairs is only a type of mechanized warfare , a type of legalism , and a type of people who are engaged in the field of study and practice is a theoretical guide for practice .
the law can do a good job in this way of division of labor , not in support of any party .
however , the legal system of lawyers is a system of countless lawyer , but objectively recognizes that legal theory is higher than legal practice , and that it is better to judge the law .
in fact , some people who engage in research and teaching pure theories such as the history of legal system , are still in a deep and deep level with the law .
in this way , the law - based legal system is unavoidable , and the status of law - based legal profession has become chaotic .
superstition in the theoretical circle is not the only in this way , such as verification by experts and experts , often affect or even reject the verdict of the court , and this is also a direct manifestation of this superstition .
encourage chinese - funded vessels to hang their sails
this newspaper reporter feng lei
at a news conference held by the state council , it was learned that china will implement the china - funded international shipping special administrative region registration policy starting 1 july this year , encourage chinese - funded ships flying outside the country to return to china to register their ships , and obtain the prc 's panhang and navigation passports .
to further promote the healthy development of china 's maritime transportation industry and to strengthen the country 's inland shipping industry , a considerable number of ships that are engaged in international navigation are registered and hanged outside the country . the ministry of communications recently issued a " circular on implementing the special case of registration of chinese - funded international shipping vessels , " which clearly enjoys special expenses for special cases and for application procedures .
the ships that apply for the ship may choose shanghai 's lianxian to process the ship registration formalities for the ship .
britain cuts terrorist attacks
london , july 5 ( staff reporter guo lin )
the british government has lowered the level of terrorist attacks from the highest level to the level of serious terrification , indicating that british terrorist attacks will not occur , but attacks may still be very likely to be swollen .
at present , the british police have shifted the scope of the investigation to india and australia .
the eight suspects arrested were all working in the medical system and the government will take necessary measures to deal with the background of foreign immigrants who had entered the medical system .
it is reported that nearly one - third of the people working in britain 's public health system are qualified to receive medical treatment overseas .
the prime minister also called for a survey of the background of high - tech migration , and employers or relevant organizations will be asked to provide backgrounds for their presence .
do n't let traders get impatient
the scenery of the sea is a process of relaxation and self - reliance , and to the greatest extent it enjoys the fruits of natural and social civilization .
however , when traveling in china , many people have encountered such a kind of worry , and they are being attacked by businesses and dealers and doing intermediary business .
whether it is a vehicle or a train , it is always necessary to meet with small traders and some non - verified intermediaries .
it is not selling pepper cakes , it is selling newspapers and periodicals , and then it is a case of many non - authentic intermediaries introducing food , even like infant and cakes .
if you do not accept it , he can chase you several hundred meters , and if you are not successful , you will become benevolent .
in some scenic areas , many weeds and nails also have the same feeling .
before entering the door , some people came to travel and sleep in a small country .
after entering the door , this situation will be more , and the good yxing will also be rebuffed and uncertain .
there were reports in the media that many foreign tourists who visited xi'an were not at all present visiting the ancient silk monument in xi'an , but they were not happy to see the many small merchant pedddlers who had been allowed to reap their stocks again and again .
including the walls of the station , the type of mountain , the type of mountain , the place where the mountain is covered , should be civilized , calm and harmonious , and should give a green and tolerant environment to the people .
the free of the sellers , the fear of the confusion in their heart , objectively undermining these public order and forming a contaminated and environmental pollution , and at the same time providing support for the aid of aid provided by the aid of the conditions and opportunities .
the important thing is that these spirits are the windows of the building of local spiritual civilization , and the damage is not only a question of image , but also will also affect local economic development .
just imagine , if you want to be a big tourist industry , you use such a big and big tourist environment to welcome the outbound guests coming to the south and going to the north . who will dare to come ?
how can your tourism economy yield benefits ?
with the arrival of the peak tourist season , a civilized tourist environment will be created for tourists from the north of tien nan . it should be said that the pressing task is now .
it is not the market , and the operation of small traders should be standardized , and the operation of unlicensed hawkers should be resolutely cancelled , and illegal activities should be resolutely dealt with .
only a civilized and orderly environment can make one happy and live in peace and prosperity and return .
in a word , do n't want traders to be impatient .
they are not able to retreat from the military
in the building of jianshi street in dongcheng district , beijing , it used electric shoes and other items as a reward for the low - income families who voluntarily repatriated to 12 households .
( " xinjing bao " ) 10 july
i am happy to see the improvement of the lives of these families but i am happy to see the swinging of the old formula of giving out the support , but i am still living in a fragile state of mind .
deputy director of the jiandu office said that in view of such problems as cheating and keeping low security , encouraging active reparations is an example for other low - income households .
this model should be used to encourage other undercover personnel to extricate themselves from their predicament through their own efforts , and should be encouraged to see those who have long been cheated and cheated by means of these means , it is unnecessary to be naive .
in the course of differentiating and clearing up low - income households , the law is the most dependable .
the departments concerned should strengthen the protection of the low - income households in their obligations when enjoying the minimum insurance system : for example , they should promptly report on the changes in family personnel and income , report on the employment situation , and accept periodical review , and relevant departments should intensify their supervision and inspection .
after all , it is a long - term plan to retreat the country according to law .
the street admits bonded families to those who are engaged in the form of incentives ?
neighborhood is a government organization at the first level , and its expenditure is to be borne by fiscal appropriations .
the money of a servant should not be spent .
on the one hand , the withdrawal from the low - income families proves that they have a certain ability to defend themselves and are ready to do so , and on the other hand , do they still have the personnel who apply for low - income insurance ?
the government appropriations , which are called the money - saving funds , should be used to provide disaster relief , rather than to add flowers to the brocade .
liu gangyi 's willingness to serve the service is even more obvious .
on 10 july , the first public figure in china to elect a directly elected secretary of the town of mulan town , xindu district , was elected by the fourth democratic vote in his capacity as the leader of the new government . the rate of satisfaction reached 97.7 percent for the fourth time after he took office .
in a dialogue with liu , liu said that liu , as a permanent member of the un security council , has made himself a part of the world 's largest human resources .
( new jing bao )
liu gangyi 's serving in a service may be more like a few cadres appointed by the system , and the service members may be more real than those appointed by the system .
the biggest obstacle to the system of public promotion than direct election is the primary decision made by ordinary party members to determine the source of power , and the latter mainly by the higher - level organizations , and the direction of the source of power , which determines that the former must put the people in the first place .
the source of power and the responsibility to whoever is responsible is the fundamental factor in determining how the person will be elected .
some people doubt that such democratic revolution is like a democratic revolution .
my view is that there are such democratic forms , and that is better than that .
in view of the history and current situation of the building of grass - roots democracy in china , i believe that the promotion of public elections is a major breakthrough , and democracy is an important component part of the effort to promote the building of grass - roots democracy .
india is expected to choose the first female presidential analyst to say that the election is quite likely to be a good one , and the female voters hope that it will raise the status of women .
on 23 june , pagus was a candidate in front of the presidential candidate 's document .
the curtain has been raised on the indian presidential election on 19 july . the new president will be elected president by the senate and the house of representatives of the senate of the republic of india , the president of the republic of india , and the president of the republic of india , who was recently resigned as the president .
paglian is the first female presidential candidate in the history of india . if she is elected , she will become the first female president in india .
paglian is a presidential candidate of the ruling national congress party , while shevardnadat comes from the opposition people 's party .
since the congress party holds the advantage in the presidential election , the media and the people are one after another , and the possibility of being elected is quite great .
the 72 - year - old papua state female governor .
she has a rich experience in her career as a lawyer in the national assembly , and she was accorded a warm welcome by the government during her tenure as the president of the lajana state .
she also worked for social welfare , and was a social welfare agency honorary chairman of many education and social welfare organizations .
analysts pointed out that the reason why pawn became a candidate was because she unswervingly stuck to the position of chairman of the national congress party of india , sonia gandhi .
in india , the guandang family has long controlled the ruling national congress party .
paglian was supported by a large number of female voters , and the female voters believed that pagano would play a greater role in the image of women in india , which is seriously discriminating against the concept of women .
the constitution stipulates that india is a federal state head and president in the name of a federal state , and not a representative of any party organization , but a symbol of the most .
( yan yingfan )
the united states supports the palestinian government to expel extremist forces
washington , july 22 ( staff reporter xu qisheng )
us president bush said on 21 may that the united states will give full support to the pakistani government in sending out the naha - based and extremist elements from the border areas between pakistan and afghanistan .
in his weekly broadcast speech on the same day , bush said that according to the new us intelligence , the al-qaeda found a hiding place in pakistan and afghanistan , and has security in pakistan .
he expressed his worry about this .
bush said that the united states will continue to support pakistani president musharraf and believes that musharraf will persist in fighting against the base and armed elements .
the recent " national intelligence assessment " report released by the united states points out that muslim armed groups are particularly within the framework of a base , which is still posing a threat to the united states .
musharraf and some tribal leaders of northern pakistan reached an agreement in september last year on guarding against impoverished forces and the organization of regional organizations without reaching the expected results .
these tribes are not willing or have no ability to defend the security of the region .
in his speech on this early recording , bush said that musharraf is taking positive steps to correct this mistake .
the united states hopes that the agreement on the dprk nuclear issue will be fully implemented
the " blue force " of the us military is a military unit .
the six - party talks on the korean nuclear issue , the us chief representative for the six - party talks , hill , said on 23 march that the six - party talks on the korean nuclear issue held last week were very important and had achieved real progress , but this was just a preliminary action of implementing the agreement on 23 june .
the united states very much hopes that the " 19 september joint statement " and the " 13 february joint document " on resolving the dprk nuclear issue will be fully implemented .
" we are ready to work together to solve the nuclear issue in a comprehensive way , " he said at a press conference .
he hoped that all parties concerned would fully fulfill the obligations of the six - party talks on the korean nuclear issue within a year .
hill also said that the two sides should continue to work together to promote the development of the two countries ' relations .
the climate change led to the rapid development of alps
in july , the pla unit of the people 's liberation army [ pla ] ,
swiss cas 's glaciers experts have been looking for a long time and found that in 1850 to 1850 , the swiss - swiss surplus weifang is shrinking at an annual rate of 3-3 percent .
the only one in the swarms of the swans has melted the ice of alps for 1.83 percent .
experts believe that by the year 20,0000 , global temperature will rise by 3 percent , compared with the current period , and the growth of 5 - year glaciers will be completely melted .
arizona is the longest glaciers in europe and is listed as a world natural heritage list of the un organization , but it is still in the year 2006 that the united nations reduced 100 meters in total , and protected it to its infant .
the picture is 23 km long asiacianiaciiiiaciyawa .
photo taken by liu jun
the beijing olympics games ' various panacea associations proposed to be civilized consumers .
beijing , july 30
reporter liang jie learned from the china consumer association that on 8 august , the countdown time for the 29 th olympic games will be set on the first anniversary of the opening of the countdown , the consumer rights and interests association of shanghai municipality , the consumer protection committee of shanghai municipal consumer protection association , the qinhuanghuiye consumer association and the hong kong consumer council , in the name of the qinhuanghuiye consumer rights protection organization , issued a proposal to consumers on
the proposal proposed strengthening the awareness of the humanities and olympic games , learning etiquette knowledge , raising the standards of civilization , observing social practice , and being a good citizen with knowledge and a civilized atmosphere .
enhance the awareness of the green olympics , protect the ecological environment , cherish weiglegends , and actively promote sustainable consumption and become a consumer who advocates green consumption .
establish the sense of diligence and frugality , change the concept of consumption , make a blind competition , oppose extravagance and waste , and be a rational consumer with a scientific consumer concept ;
we should enhance the awareness of consumer rights , take the initiative to participate in social supervision , consciously respect the protection of intellectual property rights , correctly understand rights and obligations , and act as a consumers who act according to law to protect their rights and interests .
advocate the spirit of diligence and active participation , propagate the olympic concept , and become the disseminator of the olympic spirit .
hong kong police have been celebrating the 10 th anniversary of the reversion of hong kong
on 1 july , the police in the shidu temple in nanjing was once again knocked into the sounds of melodious dots and swept through .
this thick and thick historical repercussions have been heard in the mainland , hong kong , and overseas chinese through the internet through the internet , and the hong kong people and hong kong compatriots at this time to jointly celebrate the 10 th anniversary of hong kong 's return to the motherland .
ten years ago , a year ago , a mountain in the airspace over the zhonghai temple in nanjing , waged a total of 155 alarm sounds , was a warning to the history of the island 's fragrant fragrance .
the great deeds of people from all walks of life in nanjing are gathering together , they said that they should be able to fight the sounds of the alarm through their own sound of bell , and always warn themselves and not forget history .
the case of the police is 1.842 metres tall and the mountain range of 1842 is erupted during the eruption of the " nanjing treaty . "
the shoulder of the clock is 1.997 m tall and is 1.70 meters long , a swinger of hong kong .
the police 's designer and casting creator wang fengling explained that five mountain ranges were built around the bell of the bell , and the bell used high - sculpture , two dragon - beam hockey , symbolizing hong kong 's position as the orient of the motherland and the final stage of the century with the flowers in nanjing city as the masterpieces of melons .
the first democratic party member who proposed the construction of the police station , yu dongfang , said : the journey of hong kong has been through ten years since its return to china , and he hopes that hong kong will be able to enjoy a bright future like that of a mere nice and a long journey of peace .
( end ) zhu xiaying , liu yang
russia 's security bureau accuses the oligarchant of " plotting "
the russian oligarcher in london , boworovsky , a lawyer in exile , announced on 2 july that the russian federal security bureau had formally put forward a new accusation against his litigant , accusing him of having a formal plot to fight a regime in russia by violence .
borovkov pointed out that in april this year , when interviewed by a british newspaper guardian , bobovsky announced that he was prepared to launch a war against japan in russia , and confirmed that he had made a letter to the right - wing elite representatives who opposed the authorities ' policy .
the russian federal security bureau 's reconnaissance bureau immediately issued a " code of conduct for war - torture " in accordance with article 278 of the " russian federation criminal code " . recently , it formally notified the moscow state security bureau of its relevant charges .
it has been learned that the russian federal procuratorate put forward a criminal case accusation against him in february 2006 . based on the same fact , the oligarchs confirmed in their interviews that they had attempted to use force to seize the russian regime .
because he has been exiled abroad and cannot extradited , the russian side suspended the investigation of the case in january 2007 .
the court of sarivov , moscow , began hearing another case of criminal charges against the oligarchs on 2 july . the russian procuratorate accused him of the levy of the missionaries of the leekovsky swirovsky swamped 1-1-1-1-16 - million rubles . after hearing the decision , the court decided to postpone the investigation of this case until 12 july . this will be designated as a national defense lawyer of
he said that these were all scattered and unequivocally prohibited his defense counsel to participate in the activities .
( bi yuan )
guangxi 's fangdu post is subject to administrative efficiency supervision
since the beginning of this year , the guangxi departments have launched activities to change cadres ' work style and strengthen the construction of administrative efficiency of organs in various localities , implementing the system of " three systems " for investigating and affixing responsibility when implementing the system of investigating and affixing responsibility for leading cadres directly under the jurisdiction , and the " three systems " for examining and approving the work of 33 key departments in the autonomous region , including the administrative supervision network for their responsibility .
as of now , 619 people have been investigated for their responsibility .
on 5 july , this reporter learned from the discipline inspection commission of the qianshi autonomous region that guangxi has initially formed a network for administrative efficiency supervision work in cities and counties of the autonomous region , strengthened supervision over key departments ' responsibility posts , and achieved a complete set of electronic supervision systems with autonomous regions .
the autonomous region 's administrative efficiency electronic monitoring system directly links up 33 enterprises that involve the investment environment and the production and life of the masses of the people , key examination and approval departments directly under the autonomous region , further standardizing the examination and approval behavior , and improving the efficiency of examination and approval .
meanwhile , discipline inspection and supervision organs at all levels in guangxi seriously investigated and handled cases involving the interests of the masses that involved work style and that have damaged the interests of the masses . so far , they have investigated and verified 11,000 cases , investigated 769 cases , and investigated 6,190 cases involving 584 units .
on 5 july , secretary ma yingfan , standing committee member of the party committee 's discipline inspection commission , said that administrative efficiency supervision is a work that has been carried out in the course of administrative activities and should gradually form a long - term mechanism .
guangxi should further improve and standardize all kinds of administrative management systems , establish and perfect a work mechanism and a guarantee mechanism for supervising administrative efficiency , and bring efficiency supervision into the systematized orbit ; further standardize the supervision and inspection procedures ; perfect the complaint handling mechanism and the evaluation mechanism for performance results ; intensify the investigation of responsibility ; and ensure that the supervision of the chief responsibility system and the limited number of cases is strictly under the responsibility system .
the chinese government has decided to set up a new office in the country 's economic and social development .
nato does not rule out the possibility of cooperating with the united states on the anti - missile system issue
nato news officer simona de mansoo said in an exclusive interview with xinhua reporters on 9 may that it does not rule out the possibility of linking the us anti - missile system with nato 's own defense system .
simona de mansoo said that nato is now studying the us anti - missile plan , hoping that the us anti - missile base protection covers all european allies .
she said that nato has its own theater missile defense system and has begun discussions on the establishment of a strategic missile defense system to link the us anti - missile system with nato 's own defense system .
she also said that the us side has made a timely resolution to the issue of the us establishment of an anti - missile system in europe .
china 's foreign trade volume reached 160 billion us dollars ( about 45.4 billion us dollars ) in the first half of this year , according to a report released by the chinese ministry of commerce here tuesday .
two jordanian people sentenced for planning attacks on americans
two jordanian men were killed in a suicide bombing attack on the jordanian national security court on 11 november .
the two men , a 25 - year - old man , a 25 - year - old man , were sentenced to eight years ' imprisonment plus a mandatory labor service while another man 's nawatou , who was sentenced to three years ' imprisonment and was sentenced to imprisonment for three years .
the court sources said that he was also charged with illegal possession of dangerous drugs while searching his own house , the police discovered a assault rifle .
the court originally decided to sentence him to life imprisonment in the jita , and later considered giving him a chance to change his life through a path of survival , and to reduce his hatching for eight years .
the indictment said that after the outbreak of the war in iraq , the two defendants decided to submit their hatred for those muslim who were subjected to humiliation by americans , so they plotted attacks on the americans living in jordan .
in august 2006 , they swarmed a female female american living in andan , the capital of jordan , but were arrested by police before the attacks were launched .
the indictment did not make public the identity of the americans .
the indictment also accused the two defendants of having plans to attack other americans , but they did not reveal specific details .
china 's foreign trade volume reached 160 billion us dollars ( about 45.8 billion us dollars ) in the first half of this year , a senior official said here tuesday .
the report on bad reaction caused by diabetes drug , austin , has increased by a large margin .
according to a report by the us media on 15 june , the number of bad reports such as the disease reaction caused by anti - diabetes , audi , and so on has recently shown a trend of a big increase in the united states .
the food and drug administration of the united states issued a safety warning in may this year , proposing that diabetes patients be advised to use their safety warning because a scientist published a research report in the " xinhuanet medical magazine " published on 21 may , saying that this kind of unprofitable drugs will significantly increase the incidence of patients suffering from heart disease and their disease on 21 may .
the disease is closely related to doctors and patients .
the statistics show that in about one month after the issue of safety warnings , the us drug administration has received 357 cases of bad reaction from vendson , of which 38 were death reports .
in january and february this year , the drug administration received only 50 and 73 cases of bad reaction .
these bad reaction was less than a bubble and heavy to a sudden death of heart attack .
however , drug experts of the us drug administration believe that it is now the conclusion of the insecure conclusion of the man 's insecurity .
the drug authority will hold a seminar on the history of museums in the territory on july 30 .
in 1999 , wen didiya was a kind of insulin for the treatment of pancream .
there are about 6 million diabetes patients who have taken or are taking diabetes .
the british glaxosmithkline has always considered wen diya safe and highly pathogenic , and is more like a bitter pill .
us intends to resume middle east peace talks
us president bush delivered a speech in washington on 16 june , calling for a meeting of international organizations on the palestine - israel issue this fall to invite some arab countries and other relevant countries in israel to participate in the process of restarting the middle east peace process .
on 17 july , bush also called egyptian president hosni mubarak and king zaizun ii and saudi arabia respectively , asking them to actively respond to the proposal and take concrete actions to support palestinian national authority chairman abbas in an effort to help palestine and israel resume peace talks at an early date .
abbas said the central committee of the palestinian authority would discuss the palestinian elections ahead of schedule
on 18 july , palestinian national authority chairman abbas said in ramallah that the central committee of the palestinian liberation organization ( plo ) held a two - day meeting on the same day , and the meeting will discuss the holding of the election of the palestinian national authority and the legislative council ahead of schedule .
abbas met with the eu foreign and security affairs secretary at the presidential office on the same day and held talks with him in the following joint news briefing . if the palestinian liberation organization 's central committee makes relevant decisions , the president will have the right to release legal aid in the country , and the president will issue a mandate to issue a order like a legal aid .
at the same time , abbas is satisfied with the relations between the palestinian national authority and the eu .
he said : the palestinian side welcomes the eu 's understanding of the measures taken by the palestinian president 's office .
abbas urged the eu to continue providing humanitarian aid to the palestinian people in gaza .
he reiterated the support of the eu to abbas and the palestinian people .
he said : the middle east issue concerns the united states and russia ( the united states and russia ) will hold a meeting on 19 june to discuss the issue of restarting the middle east peace process . in the next few days , there may be proposals that may be put forward .
the eu holds a positive attitude toward the deployment of international forces in gaza , but it still needs to discuss with other parties , especially with the united nations .
( by reporter wang zaihuan )
jiangxi to award health talent awards for 30 years
for a long time , a large number of health professionals and technicians have worked hard for the health of the grassroots and the peasants and masses in rural areas .
jiangxi province recently decided to impose special administrative region court orders on the public health professionals who have been in rural areas for 30 years , who have been engaged in rural health work for 30 years .
according to the jiangxi provincial health department , the number of people engaged in health work at the township and town health clinic that is sponsored by the government is about one - third of the total number of medical professionals with a professional education of medicine and professional skills for public health , and those who have successively or merge with the township and town health care center , the blood defense section , and the mafeng village , who have worked for 30 years , is on the list of awards .
the first batch of verified final accounting periods was the end of july .
with regard to qualified rural health personnel , in addition to giving out honorary awards to those who have been engaged in rural health work for 30 years in jiangxi province , they will also give priority to taking care of and giving appropriate preferential treatment to those who have been selected through examination and assessment of their diseases :
advanced level professional examinations are ready to work independently , and the assessment is based on actual ability , and the conditions for scientific research and theses are relaxed as appropriate , so as to avoid being examined and approved , and priority is given to getting qualifications .
the jiangxi provincial health department will arrange a certain number of vacant places to subsidize a certain amount of funds .
starting this year , jiangxi province will launch a campaign to study rural health work for 30 years , and recommend a work in the confirmation work of the prizes .
the chinese government has decided to set up a new consulate in the country in the south china sea .
the us defense department reconsidered the plan to reduce us military presence in europe
an official of the us defense department said on the 23rd that due to the war in iraq and the changes in the world situation , the us defense department is reconsidering a plan to reduce the number of us troops stationed in europe by about half .
the us media quoted an official of the department of defense as saying that because the iraq war is still going on and the relations between the united states and russia and iran are deteriorating , the department of defense has raised questions about the feasibility of reducing the european garrison plan .
at that time , secretary of defense rumsfeld announced that the united states would send its troops to europe by 2012 from the original 11.0 to 7.45 , so as to build a small force that can hardly withstand the pressure of war .
at present , the total us military strength in europe has already been reduced to a level of thugs .
however , in june this year , us european command commander dok submitted a report to current defense minister , asking questions about the above reduction plan .
the report said that while the us military in europe is reducing its military strength , many troops are shifted to combat in turn in iraq and afghanistan , causing the shortage of us troops stationed in europe and unable to cooperate with the european allies in a normal manner .
the report suggests that the reduction of us forces in europe be stopped .
a relevant us expert maintained that the above phenomena show that the war in iraq has been going on and the us military 's original readjustment plans have been disrupted .
china 's foreign trade volume reached 160 billion us dollars in 2005 , according to a report released by the chinese ministry of commerce here tuesday .
shandong 's jiaozhou city launched a transportation safety movie to enter community workstations
qingdao , july 26 ( reporter song xuechun and fan zhongliang )
to further deepen the urban civilization and improve the transportation system of the people , the public should be more aware of the rule of law and the awareness of traffic safety , and the consciousness of the law of observing the law . from 20 july to 10 august ( 3 pigs per week ) , the wuhang city party committee of chengdu city was among the people 's square in jiachang town , sanjie township square , liangdui town , libei town , benghu town ,
before the movie begins , the " protective umbrella " printed by the detachment -- a " letter to the broad masses of the people " and some publicity materials were distributed to the public and broadcast " live warnings " on the life of students " and " road traffic special topics " .
the scene of the movie caused a sensation among the citizens , and a scene of a panic played a great role in warning .
in particular , the special topic films on " going to school " are being used to make sure that you know how to love , and you receive profound education .
the movie attracted more than 3,000 residents around the square to watch the movie , especially young people and migrant workers from chengdu , who were sitting in the central hall of the site with great relish to watch the show .
the number of people who have entered the community through transportation safety ( like ) the launching of film production activities has enabled the broad masses of the people to enjoy the movies while drinking , and have received a profound education on traffic safety , which has been warmly welcomed by the public , especially the new citizens .
the ministry of health : the nationwide food and beverage industry will gradually implement a system of public health supervision and public announcement .
to better implement the " food hygiene law " and the " circular on further strengthening food safety work , " the ministry of health has separately published a series of special reports on food safety in haidian district of beijing municipality , in taibei city of jiangsu province , hangzhou city of zhejiang province , luoyang city of hubei province , and xuandu shibao of henan province , and sichuan province 's shibao public health supervision system in 10 areas including sichuan province 's sichuan province 's sichuan province .
this system will also gradually move toward the country .
the system of public notices for the hygiene of restaurants is a public notice system for the food and drink units on the basis of the supervision of the daily hygiene of food and drink units . health management system for workers of the industry is a health proof of food quality and labels of food processing process .
the announcement will be made by the ministry of health in a unified form and in a form that includes nine on - site inspection results of the health situation , a comprehensive evaluation of the health supervision opinions of the site , the establishment of the institution that undertakes supervision , and the customer complaint hotline , and the door and door of the food premises that are inspected will be put up by customers to understand the health of the unit .
china 's foreign trade volume reached 160 billion u.s. dollars in 2005 , according to a report released by the chinese ministry of commerce here tuesday .
un security council decides to extend peacekeeping mission in ethiopia
the un security council unanimously adopted a resolution on 30 june , agreeing to extend the un peacekeeping force in zaire and eritan ( eitan ) six months to january next year .
the resolution called on all parties concerned to fulfill their commitments , maintain restraint , ease the tense situation , avoid provoking military activities , and urge eritrea to immediately withdraw its troops and military equipment from the interim security zone , and call on the country to reduce the extra military troops deployed in the vicinity of the temporary security zone .
the resolution urged the swiss government to take immediate steps to ensure that the eritrean border committee could speedily set its borders without any circumstances , and called on eritrea to stop dragging its operations and operations against ethiopia without a binding clash .
the resolution reiterated its full support for the work of the eritrean border committee and expressed appreciation for the decision made by the commission to hold a meeting with the eritrean and eritrean sides in new york on september 6 .
in 1998 , the eritrean border conflict broke out , causing the death of many people .
in june 2000 , the two sides signed a cease - fire agreement in algiers , the capital of algeria .
the united nations began deploying peacekeeping troops along the ethiopian border in july 2001 to oversee the implementation of the cease - fire agreement between the two countries .
the chinese government has decided to set up a national defense university ( mou ) to provide a new model for the development of the country .
national county level marches to welcome olympic games
chengdu , june 30
according to a report by xing lianyuan reporter , in order to implement the spirit of the cpc central committee 's directives on building a harmonious socialist society , and in coordination with the construction of a new socialist countryside , the people are rich in their cultural and sports life , and the people are marching into a beautiful sea in chengdu county , the capital of chengdu city , the capital of chengdu city , the capital of chengdu city , the capital of chengdu city , the capital of chengdu city .
the six - day event attracted 10 national and county - level men from all parts of the country to participate in the event .
according to the regulations , athletes participating in the competition must be a player who is aged 18 or above .
all the athletes who have won the championship in the professional and professional athletes ' registration at the national sports general administration of china in the year 2006 and 2007 are not allowed to join the competition .
the latest examination of the " rules of the china national association of spirits " was adopted in the competition , which is divided into two stages of the preliminary and final stages .
the competition was jointly sponsored by the state sports general administration of china , the china international sports travel corporation , and other organizations .
in recent years , the cultural and sports undertakings of shuangle counties , which have a history of history , have developed rapidly . one after another , they have gained the support of advanced sports units of the people of the whole country , such as the advanced sports units of the masses of the people , and others .
in particular , in the new rural construction , shuangle county has vigorously implemented rural sports projects , integrating the construction of sports facilities with the construction of rural sports facilities , and combining green with green grass , building sports sites in rural areas , building sports centers around peasants , and allowing the sports service system to cover rural areas , actively promoting and developing sports facilities with rich local characteristics to enjoy the fruits of family participation .
three major functions of modern military uniforms
the first is the identification function .
the military , armed forces , and the people of different countries are different from each other 's military .
in the military of more than 100 countries , although the use of military uniforms is basically the same , there are no armed forces of any two countries , and there is no military uniform .
second , symbolic functions .
to a certain extent , military uniforms are not only a reflection of the national spirit of a country , but also a reflection of the fighting capabilities of a country 's armed forces .
in the three places of military uniform , the three major categories of military uniforms can best demonstrate their combat skills and capabilities of fighting against enemies , and can best demonstrate their fighting spirit .
third , the function of protecting the environment .
with the rapid development of new and high - tech weapons and equipment , the comprehensive protection function of new - type combat uniforms has become a strong defense system with protective screens , and a powerful weapon for the armed forces to guard against radiation from chemical warfare and to divert thermal thermal air of wet thermal thermal air to panoramic air , and so on , has become the primary issue in the development of military uniform .
( shi wei )
the party committee organs of a certain unit have been able to handle the problem of being afraid of the truth .
chengdu , july 3
qu ruizhen reported that we could live in a mountain and benefit from the party committee 's organs .
today , more than 10 cadres of a communications training regiment of the chengdu military region are happy to see one by one . they are happy to see that the party committee of the large team has the courage to solve problems by overcoming difficulties , and they are full of admiration and admiration for their enthusiasm and hard work style .
several years ago , with the personnel 's living in the unit 's house of houses , the unit 's house was uncovered and occupied , causing difficulties in the housing of cadres in the service , and the officers and soldiers had a relatively big opinion about this .
the group also had several times to clear up the housing , and all had not been able to resolve the problem because of various resistance .
if you dare to be honest , you will not be able to resolve your difficulties .
after reaching a consensus on the new party committee , the principal leaders began to study all problems related to housing occupation .
on the one hand , they are like a clue , and hope that relevant personnel will be able to speak about the economic development of the military 's sheltered houses and the relevant policies and regulations , which show that the party committee 's firm determination and principled stand are firm .
for those who do not want to go unchecked and do not want to retreat from their houses , party committees and institutions have timely contact with the units they are in , and take corresponding measures to urge them to take the initiative to cooperate with the work of the military .
after two months of detailed work , all those who violated regulations and overtook their houses were moved on schedule , and all the working cadres of the group were assigned to houses according to regulations .
the party committee of the unit has the courage to do solid work , and has also produced a stiff effect . it has been learned that the several cadres who were unwilling to actively cooperate with the organization in the past have now expressed one after another their subordination to the organization and decision .
qiao qingchen meets bangladesh chief of staff
beijing , july 9
zhang shun , a reporter , reported : qiao qingchen , commander of the air force of the central military commission , met with kiodan zou , chief of the air force of bangladesh , and his party in beijing today .
qiao qingchen said that since china and bangladesh established diplomatic ties , bilateral relations have been developing smoothly , high - level exchanges have been frequent , and friendly exchanges and cooperation in all fields have been constantly strengthened .
both countries have identical or similar views on international affairs and on their respective national construction . they support each other in close coordination .
china appreciates and thanks bangladesh for its support to china on issues such as taiwan 's human rights and tibet .
qiao qingchen said that the chinese military treasures the friendly relations with the bangladesh military and hopes to further expand the friendly cooperation between the two armed forces in the fields and at the level of the two armed forces through the joint efforts of both sides , and to further expand the friendly exchanges and cooperation between the two air forces to a new level .
he said bangladesh will make greater contributions to the further development of the friendly relations between the two armed forces , especially the two air forces .
he reiterated that the bangladesh government will , as always , adhere to the one - china policy .
qiao qingchen held a welcoming ceremony for kibaki 's visit before the meeting .
qi arrived in beijing on 8 july for a five - day official goodwill visit at the invitation of qiao qingchen .
pla daily reports on pla air force 's 7 th army uniform designer
on july 13 , this newspaper , beijing , a reporter from yang baojin , liu xinxin reported that starting 1 august , the whole army will be successively reshuffled to seven military uniforms .
tonight , the chinese military nets specially invited military experts to be invited by chen jun , deputy director of the armament bureau , and senior engineer of the military equipment institute of the foot needed equipment research institute , su yang , a guest of the chinese military network , to join the newly born military uniform with netizens inside and outside the military , and to create an echo among the netizens .
the two guests are the direct research and development of the 07 type of military uniform .
speaking of the changes in the new uniform , they said that the 07 - type military uniform service is a special 97 - type military service base , which is designed on the 97 - type military uniform base , and is equipped with seven types of combat methods , such as the series of frame and frame - type military uniforms , etc. , have been improved by as many as several hundred .
the most important characteristic of the 07 - type military uniform is that it reflects the requirement of becoming physically capable of fighting and fighting , and that our military uniform has reached the level of coordinating the three armed services for the first time , and signifies that the level of military uniform construction in our military has reached a historical leap .
the two guests also exchanged views on the varieties of new military uniforms , such as the panchen of the new military uniform , and other issues with netizens .
this time , the war was fought by the chinese military network and the new wave nets in china .
jingjiang city people 's armed forces platform increases quality of professionals
the pla general political department held a discussion meeting on the " outline of the 10th five - year plan for the development of the western region " on 18 june with the assistance of lu yuqing , minister of the armed forces of xibei town , at the tuankang city hall , jiangsu province .
this is a new model for the wushi department to integrate the status of the office with the actual situation in the military and to focus on raising the comprehensive quality of the specialized military cadres .
early this year , the party committee of the ministry of personnel 's armed forces discovered during investigations at the grass - roots level that some of the cadres working in the armed forces were not working as masters of their own affairs or working as permanent posts , and they did not concentrate their main energy on armed work .
for this reason , they have adopted the method of centralized training to support local party schools in their training , and so on , and have trained specialized military cadres on a regular basis , and have worked hard to resolve such problems as narrowing the knowledge of military cadres and improving their professional quality .
in conjunction with the central task , they boldly carry out their tasks to enhance their ability to work in various posts through training at work posts .
at the same time , they actively coordinated with local organizational departments and jointly formulated a " plan for hiring and hiring special - duty cadres " and clearly stipulated that the armed forces department must join the party committee and stop taking up other positions .
a mechanism for the adjustment and exchange of cadres with special skills has been established to make arrangements for the cadres who are not able to adapt themselves to the needs of the armed forces at the grass - roots level , to readjust and exchange their work in a timely manner , and to promote and use those comrades who have a good overall quality and strong work ability .
not long ago , chen yiyi , director of the armed forces department of the xinncentury company , led the militia technical detachment to make innovations and develop underwater vessels to fill a gap in the country 's development , and to be upgraded to the head of the armed forces department of the company .
good start needs to be done
in terms of the result of the competition alone , the score of 2 to 2 is reasonable and acceptable , and the key is the process of the competition , so much regrettable .
if iran leads the team 2 to 0 , then it will equate the equals , then the feeling of china 's reaction is definitely different , and it will be very long and frozen , just the opposite .
good start cannot be the end of the matter , and one can say that one is old problems .
it is often not like playing in a situation , and the general view is that china is a psychologist who is not up to the mark .
this is indeed a process of not being able to swallow and frigate .
however , judging from the unfinished competition today , it seems that it is not enough .
sun jihai , sun jiaxiang , zheng jiizhi , and others have played in the european ball without saying that li wei and others were also a sand - sand - sand - sand - sand - sand - sand - run veterans . they have seen many things that are widespread . according to reason , they do not have any problems with their psychological quality .
this pawn was forced to calm by the iranian team , probably because of the battle of battle to be held .
in the backwardness of the iranian team , the two men were changed and the scene immediately became panicky .
the half of the game was also changed to three , but the effect was not good .
we must overcome the problem that good and bad can not be done well and must find the root cause of problems .
as long as problems are accurately identified , it is probably not difficult to find solutions to problems .
they are afraid of a sudden and untoward injury .
if it continues like this , it will be a little more competition , and old problems will still be committed , and it will be impossible to talk about a further game that everyone is looking forward to .
the ministry of public security has given the guangdong frontier defense corps a collective two - digit collective .
shenzhen , july 18
li guoliang reports : over the years , the guangdong frontier defense corps hospital has , while providing medical support to the troops , exerted itself to help the needy , and worked hard to help the masses in difficulty .
this morning , the ministry of public security gave a collective inspection of the second qinqinqinqinqinqinqinqinqinqinqinqinigong conference and the advanced deeds of supporting the government and cherishing the people to a public security meeting held in shenzhen .
the guangdong frontier defense corps hospital has established a number of public security organs in benggu , benggu , benggu , one after another , in shenzhen , to build a social harmony - like society . it has established three pingtan hospitals specially for migrant workers from outside the country to receive medical expenses only one yuan . all the expenses for outbound medical expenses are covered by the inspection fee .
the hospital specially equipped a model of a rural laborer who has served in a country , and provided medical services for migrant workers , and a medical service card for migrant workers , only seven yuan per month to enjoy 12 medical examination and guarantee .
this benefit - the - public measure has benefited more than 12,000 peasants .
from ruins , the hospital also launched a large - scale emergency medical service , including eight large - scale emergency medical treatment activities , such as " a bird 's eye " , to longtan nengkuo , jiangxi , and panwan , to the west , to the inner mongolia autonomous region , and so on , to the nausea , close to 3,000 cases of white barriers , so that patients can see bright sunshine .
the armed police force has changed seven - style clothes on 1 august .
on july 19 , the reporter zhang jianjun reporting from beijing : the armed police force will , starting from august 1 , replace seven types of clothes one after another .
today , reporters learned from the pla units ' 7 th ceremony for issuing apparel and the activity of fighting in panels that there are a total of seven types of costumes serving as models for training in uniforms , and the four types of palm - type pillars that are covered by the military uniform embryonic uniforms .
the current olive green change in garments is made up of dark olive green , with fingers and pants all covered with fragments , and the overall design is strong , and the design of the model is based on the national costume standard .
female officers and men are covered with large hats , covered hats , and winter uniforms , changing from customs - type to passive - type , and from hawnormal - style structure to scud - type structure , and from spring - autumn - like dress - type designs .
the newly added name brands , the nineteen - class national defense seal and the re - designed hat - frame , the red flag and the armor , the badge , enhanced the identification function and enhanced the sense of beauty .
armed police units will be replaced by seven years .
before 1 august 2007 , the pla would join forces with all military forces in fighting against the enemy 's forces , including the cadres of the infantry division , the navy 's engineering department , the navy 's military , and the beijing region 's troops , in the spring and autumn dress , and the symbols of the war .
in may , he was a soldier in a soldier 's life in the armed forces , and he was a permanent soldier in the war .
in october , the red cross was born in winter uniform .
in december 2009 , the new recruits were replaced with winter uniforms .
the training was promoted in step with the season .
a certain base of the second artillery corps began to operate in remote educational cooperative areas .
the pla daily 's xue bingjian reporter xu yqing reported that the small , scattered unit educational organizations of the scattered units of the siyuan administration are not capable of fighting .
the reporter recently learned that after six months of trial implementation , the base issued the " ' program for implementing the ' program for ideological and political education ' to cover all small , scattered , remote , and directly subordinate units of the base , which has already been officially put into operation .
to promote the effective implementation of the " outline of ideological and political education , " the base organized a force to conduct a thorough study of the current situation of ideological and political education in small , scattered , and remote units , thus giving rise to key problems that affect and constrain the results of education during the course of study and investigation , and initially forming a new - type educational model of cooperation between small , remote , and directly subordinate units .
the specific practice of the cooperative zone is to break the demarcation line between units and designate a group of units at the brigade and regimental level in the areas where small and scattered units are relatively centralized , to make unified plans for thematic education , and units under different jurisdiction discuss nearly one - third of the group 's hearing or a long - distance study system with support from the same stage .
the method of combining diligence with competition for posts is adopted to allocate educational resources in a unified way , the uniform use of educational hardware in a film area , the sharing of data from various units , and regular reporting of study by model units in the region on a regular basis .
each cooperative zone has set up educational institutions that help students and teachers .
on this basis , various cooperative areas have established key educational bases that help poor people and help them understand their emergency ideologies and assess their performance .
zhang shengmin , director of the base political department , told reporters that establishing a political education coordination zone not only has reduced the waste of educational resources , but also has deepened the results of education .
some political swarms fear that officers and men in units outside the border will lose their jobs and take the initiative to study new knowledge and explore new methods of education .
the officers and men who were educated also actively studied the content , and were afraid of seeing and analyzing the outside world in front of the officers and men of their neighboring units during the discussion and analysis .
such a kind of ruins , tubes , and passion have been effectively stimulated .
the quota of a certain nyingchi group of the north sea fleet is all distributed to soldiers .
the pla navy 's first air force unit stationed in the north sea fleet 's deputy chief engineer zhang weiliang led a group of 31 officers and men of the detachment who worked in the frontline for a long time happily stepped on beidaihe train under the leadership of zhang weiliang , deputy chief engineer of the north sea fleet .
luo xiangming , a ncos of six grade 6 , told this writer with great interest that the leaders of the regiment care for and love the soldiers , and that after coming back , we must work hard and cherish the soldiers !
the grass - roots soldiers are still living in this group for the first time .
not long ago , yao qingsheng went down to the grass - roots level to see that some soldiers in charge of work are braving the brains to carry out equipment maintenance work , and yao qingsheng is deeply moved by this .
the soldiers working in unforgettable fields should be concerned about and cherished for the soldiers and be responsible for the soldiers ' health . at the party committee , yao qingsheng 's words were endorsed by all .
after studying the case , the party committee made a decision to allocate all the support quotas assigned to the unit by the higher level to the frontline soldiers .
the practice of an army unit of the jinan military region to handle affairs openly makes it difficult to get hot .
jfjb carries photo of pla daily news report
wang weiqin reports from li deqin : on 25 july , the author was seen in a certain unit of the jinan military region : a piece of financial funds written by military engineering cadres who were promoted to leading cadres and sergeant into the party , etc. , were hung in the window of the show .
su chengsen , political commissar of the unit , said : this is a concrete measure taken by the department to promote the system of opening affairs to the public handling of affairs .
in order to strengthen the building of party conduct and clean government , the party committee of this unit formulated a " two - way supervision declaration of the organs at the grass - roots level " and other measures , calling on all major issues involving the immediate interests of officers and soldiers and the building of the troops to make a decision after listening to the opinions of grassroots officers and men , to examine the results of the work standards and open the open procedures of handling affairs .
the unit has set up a screening column to open up a panorama on its own , and extensively solicit the opinions of all of you .
early this year , the renovation project of the dormitory building of the soldiers was started , and the party committee organs extensively solicited the opinions of officers and men , then issued the information of bidding , and implemented open bidding .
they have saved the funds and won the support of officers and men .
the practice of making things transparent and fair has brought about a good atmosphere in grassroots work units .
in this unit , the grassroots companies , whether they are large or sensitive issues , or they are small to go to individual units to go on food , and so on , all adhere to regular public announcements and consciously accept the masses ' supervision .
( international ) research flips with two genes
london , july 2 ( xinhua ) the research found that two genes of iceland were in risk of falling from the disease far higher than ordinary people .
according to a report in the latest issue of the natural journal , the " genetic company of iceland " conducted a study of the " genetic science company " of several thousand genes from the united states of iceland and the hong kong region of china .
the genetic and genetic genetic effects discovered by scientists are similar to the position of genetic factors in the early days .
the tremor was immediately shaken in the heart of the room , one of the most common cases in clinical psychology , which could lead to a panic of breath and a pawn of impatience .
according to the " genetic journal " published on 1 may , the genetic company of the genetic company of the " genetic genetic company " also discovered on the human chromosomes 17 that two types of genes related to the genetic genetic genetic cancer , more than one - third of the preyogenic cases , have played a certain role .
the study also found that one of the genes is to be able to reduce the risk of genetic cancer while improving the risk of genetic cancer .
( sports ) us elder gateways may be discharged after the kelle cup
xinhua news agency , marathon , july 3 , venezuelan ( by reporter jian liu )
according to a report by the venezuelan media on 3 may , the 37 - year - old old old goalkeeper said in an interview here that if the us cup cannot find a suitable club effect after the competition , then he will choose to retire .
if the us cups finish 4 to 6 weeks , i will not be able to get a high level team of one or two , a hairdress contract , then , retired may be my good choice .
with the arrival of the gododba team , kelly left the team .
even though kaile was very keen to get a hand , it is obvious that he is not worried about his next home , and he is still in his own wings , and now there are more than eight teams intending to invite them to visit the country .
however , this man who had served in the western engine and dean , said that he would ultimately choose to be determined by family , my family , my child , who is nine years old , and who has worked with me in three different countries .
in the recent gold cup , kelly played a good role in helping the team to win the championship .
he was still the head coach of the current american cup , but he was still a heavy responsibility , but nai'nien 's four - hand - to - hand , with the young pioneer 's battle in the battle of near the guard , was not a strong opponent like argentina 's ( ( ( ( ) ) ) , a strong opponent , two matches , and the main gate of his guard was put in the hole seven times .
the next match against the colombian team may be a battle between the two teams in the current american cup final .
china 's top priority for black berry cell phone to be on sale
xinhua news agency report of july michelle according to a report by the canadian " global post " that after years of hard work in the eight - year - old black - leawberry ( luckus ) cell phone has finally been approved to enter the chinese market , and the first black berry cell phone will be listed in china at the end of august .
the chief executive of the swingcuo , jim sielli , said that he will be giving a " new " model to business customers in major cities such as beijing 's lipan - guangzhou city .
the " global post " quoted a manager of the lingdu office in beijing as saying that the 8700g smart cell phone of black berry 8700g will be on the chinese market at the end of august , and the price is about $ 700 , and now it has received 5,000 orders .
boucher said that the company was a cell phone listed in iowa , which has attracted more and more attention . as a member of the competition rival of iowe , black berry cell phone has now been listed in more than 100 countries in the world .
according to statistics , in the first quarter of this year , there were 1.2 - million new users of black berry cell phones , and the number of total users has reached 900,000 .
spain : husband killed wife in mammoth
xinhua news agency report of july 7 th from bandar seri begawan , a woman in spain , was attacked by a devastating body in the struggle , and she was found to be her husband . the police have already arrested him .
according to reports in the local media on 6 july , the woman was arrested by a bun shop in bristina .
one day , a man in a masked store , who thought she was a bandit , told him to take money from the drawer to leave .
but the man did not take the money , but instead , he sprung the neck of the woman and wanted her to sleep .
she wanted to use a dead method to transport it , but the man did not leave her , or did she kick her and her neck .
in the struggle , the woman was dragged into a dark side , but she discovered that her husband was actually a woman .
the culprit was arrested by police .
the victim told the media that because of her disharmony , she and her husband were going through the procedures of divorce , and they had two children .
13 pilots resign from donghang company 's complaint claims over 100 million yuan
wuhan , july 11 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to open a new market in the country
thirteen pilots resigned , while the huidong dongfang airline company of china has set up a huge compensation insurance contract of as high as 105 - million yuan , which is the largest compensation amount of hubei province .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee is now under trial .
in may this year , 13 pilots of the donghang company successively submitted resignation and were rejected by the company .
later , the pilot successively submitted a draft application for labor arbitration to the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee in early june , requesting the ruling to terminate the labor relations with the donghang wuhan company .
after donghang city , it received notification of its decision to file an appeal , asking 13 pilots to pay the pilot to the company the losses caused by his labor contract of dismantling labor contracts worth more than 6 million yuan to 10 million yuan and 1.05 billion yuan respectively .
it is learned that the pilot and the dong fei signed a labor contract of no fixed term , and except for conditions of termination or dismissal in labor contracts , the labor contract will continue to serve the pilot 's legal retirement age .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee has dealt with this case as an appeal and an anti - jamming trial , and is expected to end the trial before 8 august .
germany urges russia to pass border treaty with russia
xinhua news agency , riga , july 12 ( reporter yang dehong ) - visiting german foreign minister steinmeier called on russia to pass through the border treaty between russia and russia as soon as possible .
schsteinmer and his foreign minister phuix held talks on the same day , mainly discussing the relations between radder and the eu and other issues , and exchanging views on the pulling - out relations and the development of eu and russian relations .
at a news conference held after the talks , steinmeier called on russia to pass the rajapakov border treaty as soon as possible .
steinmeier said that the entire country and russia are making great progress in improving relations , and that the pullout of the border treaty has witnessed the smooth progress of the development of latin american relations , but the shadow of history may also be brought to the deadlock in the relations between russia and russia , and he hopes that russia will be able to pass the border treaty to promote the development of bilateral relations .
on 27 march this year , after 10 years of negotiations , prime minister karzides and russian prime minister fradkov signed in moscow a memorandum of understanding on the border between the two countries .
on 17 may , the razor parliament passed the border treaty between russia and russia .
according to reports in the media , the russian parliament will vote on the treaty in the near future .
dprk , rok to hold sixth ministerial talks
pyongyang , july 16 ( xinhua ) the united states has decided to open its nuclear facilities to the outside world in the next five years
on 16 june , military representatives from the dprk and the rok held military talks in panmunjon , and the two sides will hold the sixth ministerial - level talks between the 24th and 26th .
according to a report by the central news agency , north korean military representative pak lingzhu put forward the idea of ' putting forward the ' three noes ' of the yanping island to the yaping island of the western region of north korea on that day , and gave a detailed explanation of the reason .
he said : to establish a common area , we must implement the policy of seeking common prosperity and common interests of all ethnic groups and ensuring peace and stability .
speaking of the two sides ' border areas , park lingzhu said that in order to prevent military conflicts between the two sides in the western region , the two sides should give up the sea boundaries that they have upheld , and recognize and respect each other so far , to present the relevant agreement between the dprk and rok , and the agreement on the korean peninsula , and the international law - recognized law as the basis for consultations .
he said that it is necessary to promptly formulate military support measures to promote dprk - rok cooperation and exchanges , and this is the stand that the dprk military has always upheld .
he said that the rok side should adopt military measures to ensure the dprk 's civilian vessels can move from haizhou port to the south and to the south and to the south of the strait of jizhou .
this is another round of talks between the dprk and the rok in the near future following 10 june .
the fifth ministerial - level talks between the dprk and the rok were held in panchen between 8 and 11 may , at the same time as the one side of the panchen side .
( international ) modern automobiles deny intention to purchase wolfowitz
seoul , july 18 ( xinhua ) the south korean hyundai motor company spokesman said in seoul on july 18 that it had no intention of purchasing any brand names of the wolfowo or the company .
the " sunday times " and the " new york times " reported a few days ago about possible sales of wolfowo .
the " sunday times " even said in a report that the south korean hyundai motor company is a potential pillar of volvo .
a spokesman for hyundai company said that we are very disinterested in purchasing wolfowitz or tiger , and the modern ring is busy implementing our own expansion program , and he is simply unable to attend his dog .
in 1999 , 6450 - million us dollars of goh 's brand was bought from the walvo group in sweden .
currently , wolowowowo and lubi are all the principal automobile groups of their own ( panacea ) .
in march this year , the united states sold its 4400,000 - dollar - worth arms to taiwan , a feat of the devastating us flag , and last month it also said that it was considering selling the tiger and the czech feibao .
( sports ) cuba 's boxing against taiwan is too short
rio de janeiro , july 21 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to cut its tariffs on its products , said a senior official with the ministry of foreign trade and economic cooperation ( moftec ) here today
on the 21st , the cuban delegation arrived in the panchen of the boxing platform of the pan - american games , which will affect the performance of its fists .
according to the rules of the international fist union , the ropes of the bachelor on the international fist should be 6.1 meters , but according to the fist team of the cuban delegation , pedro rox , the current rope of the pan - american games is one meter shorter than the standard of one meter .
roke said that we submitted a formal protest because this incident was not an incident that affected a country in cuba , but involving all .
rope too short will affect the fists ' flashing moves .
he also said in a nagging way : if you cannot find a rope that meets the olympic standards , you can find a place to find .
as far as i know , we brought from cuba a bitter hatred .
the mexican and colombian delegations also expressed their dissatisfaction with the attack on the rope of taiwan on the same day .
colombian fist giulioso davis was the winner in the first battle , but he said : although i won the first game , i was the winner , but the attack was too narrow , i really felt that i was not at the foot of the mouth .
the restoration of export orders for large - scale rabbit rabbit rabbit and rabbit rabbit sugar to the overseas countries
shanghai , july 24 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to open a new market for the chinese market to foreign investors in shanghai , according to a report from the shanghai municipal government .
the gotha 's lin qingrong , a company in singapore , recently sent a telegram to the guantanamo group to test the huge white rabbit sugar refinery , which was not formaldehyde , to the market , and therefore required normal sales in the market .
the kuisheng company of malaysia , which is located in the kuishibao park , said that it asked the guantanamo park to immediately transport one large white rabbit rabbit from shanghai to malaysia .
the " hong kong five - winner trading company " also called the coronor garden to declare that the hong kong food safety centre had taken large rabbit of rabbit sugar samples from hong kong , and confirmed that formaldehyde was formaldehyde .
the fung trading company limited has received notification from hong kong 's china resources company that it has decided to resume sales of more than 100 pieces of rabbit rabbit sugar in hong kong .
it was learned that the 10 large white rabbit sugar , which was once in the port of shanghai , has gradually recovered from exports .
at present , seven containers of rabbit sugar are being transported to singapore 's goddess mountain in kuchma , the united states , etc.
( international ) suspected criminal suspect arrested for making british bombs
london , july 26 ( xinhua ) british police announced on july 26 that a bomb in britain , a jewish bomb in mid - july , was shot dead in the town of krishi , lankao , on the 23rd .
police said that the man was called " hubby " , 51 years old , and he will be blackmailed and made of bombs for the unemployed .
on the afternoon of 14 july ( zengzhi ) , 14 bombings in britain were attacked by a bomb , and the next day it was not until the next day it was restored to its business .
the war is the peak time for the british people to purchase , and at that time 14 shutdown houses were closed down , causing the biggest damage to the sales income of the united kingdom .
the british police then conducted a criminal investigation into the incident and announced that no evidence of terrorist activities was found in the incident , but there might be some economic motivation behind it .
( sports ) changing the period of flowers to make the best of the beautiful scenery of the beijing olympics
beijing , july 28 ( xinhua ) the olympic games will be held in beijing in august , a wet weather , said a senior official with the chinese ministry of foreign affairs .
through changing the flower period and other technical means , scientific research personnel have found a good way to increase color for the olympic games .
the summer session of the new olympic species of the chinese summer olympics held in beijing on 28 may , at which experts concluded that the use of the control method to promote cultivation of new technologies and the natural flowers of different types or varieties during the summer period can be used to produce new varieties and varieties of planted planted flowers in the same period .
in the summer of beijing , it is usually a dozen or so years of vicissitudes , or even a large number of them have long been frozen , or they have not yet reached the pledge of keeping the base cooling .
scientific research personnel have selected 206 olympic games - type 206 varieties through hard work .
the 2007 olympic games will be held at the beijing haidian park , and the countdown will be held around the time of the first anniversary of the opening of the beijing olympics , a group of scientific research personnel who had been painstakingly nurtured in the past , will greet the olympics with a green tiger like a tiger like a tiger .
turkey 's ruling party wins parliamentary election
xinhua news agency , july 30 , guinea ( by wang jian ) - the final result of the 23 rd parliamentary election announced by the supreme electoral commission of turkey on july 30 shows that the ruling justice and development party has won 341 seats in the 550 seats , and has once again won the right of abode of a political party .
in the parliamentary election held on 22 july , the main opposition party , the republican people 's party , won a seat .
the np won 71 seats in the election .
apart from the three political parties mentioned above , 26 other candidates were elected as members of parliament .
the new turkish parliament will hold its first meeting in august .
all members will be sworn in and will start to perform their duties .
the parliament will then elect a new speaker through an unscrupulous vote .
the parliamentary election was originally scheduled to be held in november , but in the presidential election at the end of april , the opposition party was opposed to the only candidate who was a justice and development party deputy prime minister and foreign minister , jir bir , which led to a failure in the presidential election .
