the white house urged the united states to send nuclear inspectors to oversee north korea 's closure of nuclear reactors
the white house today called for the dispatch of nuclear inspectors to oversee north korea 's closing of its nuclear reactors , and the white house announced the decision after us president bush had telephone conversation with south korean president roh moo - hyun .
a spokesman for the white house national security council said that the two leaders discussed today the us - south korea summit on the north korean nuclear issue .
the two presidents also expressed their concern over the us - south korea free trade agreement signed yesterday .
experts believe that in the past 20 years , pyongyang has made enough plutonium to produce 12 nuclear weapons .
the six - party talks on the korean peninsula nuclear issue is a major issue in the korean peninsula .
heavy rain in west india killed 43
heavy rains hit western india on the weekend , and some areas were seriously flooded , and the opening of the vast western city was suspended .
the rescue officials said today that the body of 43 people was found in the vicinity .
the annual winds of the year from june to september often cause huge rainstorms in india , a country with a population of 1 - million , to flood and even cause casualties .
half of the victims were hit by the floods .
the indian financial center was also hit by its name .
on the 29 th , the sun was removed from the bottom of the river , and the discharge of the plant was removed from the bottom of the river .
chief executive paddy nike said that the alone had 13 deaths .
officials of the city government called on residents to stay away from the rain and not to go out to protect their own security .
the rain went slightly on sunday , mostly in the countryside , which is still flooded .
nearly 500 killed in india floods
according to the reports of officials and media , the death toll from the rainstorms in india this year has reached 406 .
the indian news trust quoted the official in charge of reconstruction affairs kadan as saying that the government has recently decided to rebuild the warehouse in various parts of india , with casualties and economic losses in various localities , india 's largest city , raschatrat , is located in india . so far , the number of deaths has reached 300,000 .
the report said that qadan was on a spot inspection and told the media reporters .
he said that at the same time , india 's largest cotton production area , the whole region of the whole country , like a vast ocean , has 27 towns and townships , including the eastern province of india , which has been hit by severe flooding , which exceeded 10,000 disaster victims , and has been safely taken in .
india is moving from south to north , and has entered into various provinces one week ago . all the residents in india have been suffering from drought for a long time to greet the heavy rain . however , they did not expect the rain to be unexpected and violent . as a result , the rain and snow have become a disaster , the highways have become very low , and the water in the low - lying areas has not been delivered to the bottom of the water , and the traffic has been paraly@@
the winner of the wimbledon tennis competition , georgicy , abandoned the race nadal , came into the final .
the spanish king of hongtu antuan today made a man 's four - strong match in vancouver to chopicovic , who was injured by the korovic who could not go through the battle again because of the injury . nakano entered the final final . he will have a meeting with the world cup final in switzerland , wendrifle , the french champion , who is the world champion , in switzerland , in the final .
kokovic and the eight teams both won the 16 th and the 8 th .
the fourth seed georgovic retreated to the six - star semi - final with a score of 3 - 6 , a lead second seed .
besides the hot - button , the button was too slow in the opening and was dragged out in the second place . two pieces of battle were all on the front .
satellite shows iran 's tapping tunnel is likely to be protected
the us think tank science and international security institute said today that commercial satellites show iran is carrying out a nuclear test near the nasdaq uranium enrichment facility .
these are made by the us side ( including the us side ) , the company announced on june 11 that it had filmed a satellite in science and international security research institute website .
the institute is located in washington , dc , where it is a non - profit research organization .
the two sides have been able to carry out a joint antiterror exercise in the area south of the nadiz , and the facilities are located in a nuclear - enriched plant .
analysts blatter and blasnan pointed out in a report that the central tunnels were imbued with unclear imposition , but the road seemed to be paired into a tunnel facility and another one was overcrowded by the tunnel .
they said : a building built into a mountainous tunnel will be closed when air raids , and the function of protecting the tunnel will be absolutely good .
un envoy calls for talks on iran nuclear issue
the united nations international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) said here today that iran has decided to defuse iran 's nuclear program and to cooperate with iran in the future .
however , iranian president emomali has been under increasing pressure from further sanctions by the united nations , and still stubbornly resists it .
iran 's exxonmobil program will not stop its uranium enrichment , but it welcomes the latest talks .
he said : the installation of extravagant parts can slow down or speed up , but this is an issue of implementation , and no one should expect us to abandon our rights , and we will not stop this trend .
he arrived in hainann after arriving .
the purpose of the visit by hyinin is to formulate a plan to solve the problems caused by iran 's nuclear program .
un not to freeze uranium enrichment operations has carried out two sets of sanctions against iran .
according to the iran news agency , hyinano and iran 's supreme council for international affairs , headed by assistant president vadi , have held talks .
the members of the iranian talks group also include the vice chairman of the atomic energy organization , the ambassador to the international atomic energy agency , soonja .
palestinian prime minister fassad to form new government in eastern europe
the palestinian authorities have been carrying out the " anti - terror campaign " in a month after the pulling out of the gaza strip . prime minister fadeh has been ordered to resign immediately after the new government was ordered .
minister of agriculture and social affairs habachi told afp that prime minister fidel fadio had submitted his resignation to president abbas and also asked him to be responsible for handling the new cabinet .
abbas ' an told afp , fadeh 's resignation was ordered to leave him unfinished .
the respected economist fatten has proposed his resignation , but it is only a procedural resignation and does not waver his premier status .
since the beginning of last month , fadio led the palestinian emergency cabinet to implement the violent anbony of abbas after announcing a descent order .
according to the basic law of the palestinian autonomous government , the territory of the palestinian self - rule is not yet occupied by the parliament for more than 30 days , but the autonomy council is now paralyzing .
the power of the emergency government expires today .
wto representative calls for new case to break the deadlock in talks
the world trade organization ( wto ) has proposed a big reduction in us subsidies to agriculture , with developing countries dropping tariffs on industrial products , to break the doha round trade talks .
the official said that the new model of the draft demands that the united states grant subsidies to agriculture each year from the current 110 us dollars lower to 200 million us dollars , and that the developing countries will reduce the tariffs on imports of industrial products to below zero .
the proposal was aimed at breaking the consensus reached by the dutch round of talks in the past six years and bringing about a compromise agreement among wto members .
wto secretary general jean - pierre said these proposals were designed to balance the situation with the development - oriented agreement as a fair and reasonable basis .
lamy said : the proposal by member states will not be completely satisfied with the contents of the proposal , but the question of discriminatory treatment is less than the issue of obtaining a consensus .
he called for intensive negotiations in the coming weeks .
the production of the auto plant in japan , which is expected to be completed by the end of this year ,
japan was hit by a strong earthquake this week in which car parts were found in shortage , supply of coal and day production were expected to temporarily halt production of domestic cars , according to local press reports .
japan 's rabin was hit by a strong earthquake of magnitude , a 6 percent vehicle manufacturer , the technology research company , was forced to suspend the operation of the tokyo area and the chain of cars were affected .
the world 's most popular car dealer , a female spokesperson , said that from tonight to the 21st , domestic auto production will be suspended .
the spokesman said that the day before tomorrow , the japanese - made japanese - made japanese factory had a production capacity of about 200 million japanese yen , which is expected to be suspended from wednesday to wednesday .
he said that two factories have two proofs , one of which will be affected , but the company 's production may be increased next month .
suzuki said that the temporary suspension of some production and production of jujujuan carict will begin tomorrow .
the car said that some of the yangling island 's milk supply may be suspended next week .
the earthquake killed at least 10 people and injured them , and hundreds of homes were flooded with even more the local people .
indonesia cancels british sale of environmentally - friendly products
according to a press release , as hong kong 's rush rush earlier this month triggered a disorderly rush , indonesia has cancelled the uk 's environmental bag trafficking activities .
the southern kerbside of the indonesian plaza , located in the high - consumption district , said that in view of the hong kong incident , we canceled the activities in the environmental bags .
if the people are trying to get a profit of 140,000 lyl ( about nt $ 40,000 ) , the public will not have the support price .
the hong kong people gathered outside the sales office on 6 june to prepare to buy a large - scale car maker , nyaganjidine , which was designed by the british citizen , and was not made by me , but the bag of the blue sack , which triggered a fierce debate among the audience .
the environmental protection quality of this piece of fine materials was used as a vindicator , but it was unexpectedly that they became popular indicators in london and new york , triggering off the purchase and auction of the website eagely 's price several times that of zero price .
the only thing that indonesia has been authorized to sell taiwan is the pulse of the tonkin island , which does not determine whether it will sell them in a few days .
the hostage crisis was counted by south korea
afghanistan kidnapped 23 south korean hostages and set the deadline for today 's march to demand south korea to withdraw its troops from afghanistan , otherwise the hostage would be killed .
with the time ending one second , the situation has developed in a positive way , and south korean officials today for the first time started negotiations with the organization .
however , at the same time , the organization said that another german hostage was very weak , and began to fall into a predicament and lost consciousness .
germany calls for a military withdrawal from south korea from afghanistan and calls for the release of these hostages to exchange the 33 afghan guerrillas who were imprisoned by the afghan government .
the spokesman said that the united states had made a decision to send troops to iraq through the ministry of foreign affairs through the unidentified telephone interview .
amadi said : we hope that the talks will yield results .
taiwan time in the evening ( 10.30 pm taiwan time ) is the final deadline , which will begin killing south korean hostages once a while .
the two - stage extension period has been extended .
prc : rok 's military talks unrelenting , unrelenting
because the division of the maritime border areas is divided into one of the three - day high - level military talks between the south and the north are uninterrupted today .
at the talks held in panmunjom , a border city , today , the north 's chief representative , kim yong - chol , said that the north side has made a final decision that it will not need the outcome of the talks .
the face was clearly red and the face was clear . kim jung - jung attacked south korea and deliberately overt the border of the region in order to replace the original northern lines .
he said that the northern line was not legal .
the northern kerosene line is the us military 's main combat base after the korean war ended in 1953 . however , it became the focus of the dispute between the two koreas in recent years . the north refused to recognize it .
north korea said it had invaded the waters , causing tension , and south korea said the accusation was groundless .
the clash broke out in the local waters in june 1999 , leaving dozens of north korean crewmembers .
another similar clash occurred in june 2002 , with six south koreans unfortunately unfortunately unfortunately unfortunately .
us treasury secretary arrives in china for environmental protection and exchange rate
us treasury secretary powell arrived in china yesterday for a visit , and the united states is making every effort to persuade china to further carry out the necessary economic reform and environmental protection work , especially the issue of the renminbi exchange rate , which has been of great concern .
us diplomats said that powell first went to the great northwestern region of china 's northwest province to visit western china .
china currently has about 40,000 troops in the vicinity of the biggest aral lake .
ballson will be transferred to beijing today to discuss with chinese officials the possibility of pushing forward the sino - us strategic economic dialogue , which started last year .
the main topics of the us - china strategic economic dialogue , such as economic environmental protection , are the issue of the rmb exchange rate , and us congressmen believe that the rmb is overly undervalued .
the trade deficit between the united states and china is rising rapidly , and pressure within the united states is gradually rising . congressmen are preparing to take retaliatory action to counter their so - called china 's unfair trade policy .
last week , the us senate finance committee passed a bill with an overwhelming vote asking the treasury to claim that the money exchange rate was totally overestimating the country 's list of countries which had been potential for economic sanctions against beijing .
us congressmen said that the undervalued renminbi has caused china to sell its goods to the united states very much , aggravating the imbalance in us - china trade . last year , the us trade deficit with china reached $ 2.5 billion .
the president said that the 60 - year - old man had left the world before his retirement .
beginning from early on , mooiko rono 's future will always be the media 's topic of discussion , but compared with the past , portuguese once again stressed that he would certainly make a speech in the western city of london this summer .
some newspapers listed 14 names of new western names , but i will leave some new villages in western china , including mumiho , the romano proofs .
moore reiterated that he hoped that he would get on the portuguese team 's whip and really would not have the chance to go on the tutor . i believe that there is always a day that the portuguese football association would be invited to be the main commander .
however , the 44 - year - old mozambican did not plan to contribute his whole life to soccer , and he said he would retire before 60 . he did not want to be like bobith roosevelt , doing it until the year of the ancient year .
i had promised my wife , i would not be like robertson and fraser , but i would never have been taught until 70 years old .
the weather in the south of the north was like a " big dragon " in the world .
i have too many things that i cannot do now , waiting for me to do something .
i do not want to become a football consultant or a technical director , such as baradei or sarki .
i do not want to play such a role .
i do not want to become the chairman of a club , but i only want to go through football thoroughly , but piteitz stressed .
( qi liang )
cao qinbing , a native of hongdong village , shanxi , was arrested by the armed forces of the same unit .
chinanews , july 22 c the voice of the public was heavily guarded by the court of first instance of the linfen city intermediate court in the morning when cao shengzhen , a monastery in guangsheng town , shanxi province , was tried in the case of a black entangchu factory .
many domestic media are paying attention to the progress of the case .
because the local departments concerned were relatively cautious , some reporters were unable to gather news on the spot .
at present , the tuo is still in progress .
according to the work of the linfen city intermediate court , if the case is smoothly decided , it is estimated that the trial will end on that day .
however , whether or not the court verdict could be announced is still unknown .
at about 9 : 00 in the morning , a reporter noticed the scene outside the gate of the linfen city intermediate court , where the passageway was calm and clicking .
perhaps the court was worried about the locking activities being carried out in the court .
when the plane arrived , there would be results , and i believe that the law was just and propriety .
a senior citizen who was passing through the place was determined by the national emblem .
earlier , reports from hongdong county confirmed that the defendant wang bing - bing 's father cao qianfu village party branch secretary wang dongji was dismissed from his post as county people 's congress deputy according to law .
before this , wang dongqi was arrested after wang bing 's body was found involved in a case of violation of discipline in the mine . he was removed from the post of secretary of the village party branch and expelled from the party .
the " wang bing " gang dang crews in shanxi , which was triggered by the wang bing criminal gang case , have aroused attention at home and abroad for a time . the central authorities have issued instructions on a strict investigation .
the dprk and the rok have reached an agreement on cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources .
chinanews , july 8
the dprk and the rok held a joint statement on 7 june on carrying out cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources .
according to the agreement , the rok will provide the dprk with raw materials for the production of light industrial products such as clothing , etc. , the dprk has awarded the rok some extraction rights .
according to a report by the japan transmission and delivery association , south korea and north korea conducted a joint antiterror military exercise in kaesong within three days .
according to the agreement , the rok will provide the dprk with garbage and soap raw materials with a total value of 9,600 yen .
in this regard , the dprk will transfer the right to extract three pieces of raw materials from the country to the rok .
the rok government will withdraw from renchon port in western china on july 25 th , delivering 500 tons of contract materials to the dprk .
according to the plan , starting 28 july , south korea and north korea will jointly conduct an investigation into the situation in the eastern part of the dprk .
the rok government started to provide 400,000 tons of rice to the dprk .
after the dprk indicated its willingness to actively implement the agreement reached by the six countries , including the dprk 's closure of its nuclear facilities , economic cooperation between the dprk and the rok has become more active again .
the lanzhou commodity price bureau explained the price limit for beef , but only because the price increase was too high .
chinanews , july 10 ( huang party )
this afternoon , the lanzhou city bureau of commodity prices invited relevant departments to hold a forum on the price of beef .
the press conference was told that departments such as the bureau of juyuan jointly issued a maximum price limit , which was mainly due to the excessive rise in the price of beef , which exceeded the tolerance of the general residents .
it is reported that the rise in beef price this time has reached 20 percent , and statistics show that the price of beef has risen by 20 percent . statistics show that since the first rise in the 1980s , the price of beef in lanzhou has risen for the first time .
" the government 's actions should take into account the economic capability of the common residents in the region , and the highest price we set for taiwan is determined by the costs , " said the director of the lanzhou city bureau of commodity prices .
on 26 may , the price of commodities bureau of lanzhou city 's trade and industry bureau and other four departments jointly issued a maximum price limit for the price of the meat , and the news was revealed , which aroused strong concern .
it is understood that the forum was aimed at extensively soliciting opinions from all circles and soliciting opinions and suggestions on the concrete measures for managing taiwan in the next step . according to reports , lanzhou will hold a news conference tomorrow .
this will be the first time that lanzhou city has held a news conference on the incident of a beef price increase .
china regional development association to impose penalties on chinese regions : stop activities for three months
chinanews , july 11 according to news from the website , on july 9 , the china development promotion association ( ccpit ) made a three - month administrative penalty on halting its activities .
the punishment order shows that the china regional development association has the following illegal acts : collecting extra fees from a single ultra - standard ; using the money needing from non - member units ;
according to investigations , the name of the name of the member unit is 21,000 yuan per year . between june and february 2007 , it had sold a total of 20 units to purchase the remaining one after another . the amount collected by the member of the family was 21,000 yuan . the other family collected the fees from the family to the yuan , and each charge was collected by 80 yuan , of which the money was collected by the organ of the organ of the hong kong resident was seriously violated .
according to the " regulations on registration and management of social organizations " article 33 , paragraph ( 8 ) , the regulations stipulate that they should make a decision to suspend their activities within three months within a specified period of time and keep the relevant items such as the society according to law .
the rok government hopes to speed up the process of denuclearization on the peninsula through the six - party talks
chinanews , july 12 according to a report by the korean united news agency , the rok government is concerned about the upcoming six - party talks delegation head meeting in beijing on 18 july .
a spokesman for the rok ministry of foreign affairs and trade said in a commentary on 12 june that he hopes that the meeting of the delegation to the six - party talks will discuss the measures for ending the initial stage as soon as possible and the measures for implementing the next phase , as well as the concrete and substantive plans for holding the six - party talks , thus speeding up the process of denuclearization on the korean peninsula .
the commentary also said that as the core of the dprk nuclear issue , the chinese government will make unremitting efforts to achieve the goal of a nuclear - free korean peninsula at a rapid pace and will continue to play a positive role in this regard .
officials revealed that the beijing olympic games are expected to create the largest number of countries and regions participating in the games .
chinanews , july 16 .
according to xinhua news agency , beijing olympic organizing committee deputy director wang shilin disclosed on the 14th that the beijing olympic organizing committee will submit a report to the international olympic committee on the olympic committee next month on participation in the olympic games by the 205 members of the international olympic committee .
he said that if there is no accident , the beijing olympic games will become the most important sports event in history in the countries and regions participating in the games .
according to reports , from 10 to 12 april , wang shilin extended his congratulations to the pan - american sports organization congress on the beijing olympic games on behalf of the beijing olympic organizing committee , including building the cake transportation , and so on .
wang said that the organization 's member states and regions have always attached great importance to the performance of participating in the beijing olympics and all 42 members have expressed their support for the bid to join the olympic games in beijing next month .
it is reported that at the current meeting , the international olympic committee will join the beijing olympic organizing committee in officially inviting the ioc 's 205 members to attend the 2008 olympic games .
( gao peng , yang limin )
wang yan 's condition improved , " he insisted on ' sitting on the stool and the stool 's stomach muscles recovery ' two - level .
wang yan has been able to sit on the stool , but it is still not too long to tell her .
wang yan , who had been injured in the competition , was improving continuously , with the left foot on the left hand regained muscles over 10 days ago .
this month , wang yan returned from shanghai 's six hospitals to the beijing severe acute respiratory syndrome ward . she was in the right hand stove muscles from 2 to 3 . left stove staple lims 1 .
in the past half a month , wang yan 's upper limb muscles have improved further .
doctors say wang yan 's muscle strength is above 4 level , which is more than 5 degrees lower than normal .
in other words , within less than half a month , wang yan 's upper limb muscles restored their paleonemia two - grade .
wang yan was already able to get help from a doctor .
the hospital rehabilitation experts originally planned to let wang yan give a medical treatment to wang yan under the protection of his rehabilitation beds last weekend .
however , according to wang yan 's current recovery , the training for the emotional rehabilitation of the troops had to be postponed temporarily .
wu said that wang yan 's current training is mainly to pull around the clock and she can still perform on the board stool . however , the time is still not too long .
venezuelan president says it will reduce the wages of senior civil servants by a big margin
chinanews , july 23 c according to a comprehensive report , venezuelan president juventus made a speech on the commission 's internal and foreign policy .
he said that the substantial reduction in civil service pay would be a major factor .
he also said that if foreigners come to venezuela to attack the venezuelan government , they will face serious consequences and be expelled from the country .
the foreign minister ordered government officials to closely monitor the foreign visits and find that any person openly criticizing him or the venezuelan government would expel him from the country .
in his televised speech on the evening of 22 july , he said venezuela could not tolerate foreigners running at home and pulling them out .
in his speech , he also pointed out that the heavy reduction in the wages of senior civil servants would be reduced .
he said : the highest wages of venezuelan civil servants should not exceed $ 600 a month .
it is reported that in venezuela , the monthly income of some poor people is equivalent to a dollar .
in the course of reducing civil servants ' salaries in latin american countries , the action has become a common practice and has won the support of the broad masses of people .
leaders of peru , the country of tonkin , and other countries all cut their own salaries .
furthermore , cuban leader castro reminded him to pay attention to the sweeping action directed by the united states .
he said that carter presented him a letter from the central committee of the united states , which was written in a memento , please see the situation in central intelligence agency 's secret .
the court hearing on the case of a spy was concluded yesterday and the case was temporarily punished
last night , beijing time , the international automobile movement council held a meeting on the farallah technical espionage case , which ended in paris . the subpoena mai kongkai was sent out : the council decided not to impose sanctions on the mai kai for the time being .
the international automotive corporation ( itu ) official website issued a statement after hearing that the cbrc 's decision to launch a large - scale operation in the city of feneg , was not sufficient to show that the data were not properly destroyed by local governments .
however , the farali technology espionage case did not draw up a secret .
the motor vehicle sports council also said in the decision that if the car found a car bomb in the future , it would be used to damage the championships , and we reserves the request for mai keikein to return to the hearing of the automobile movement council . at that time , they might face the danger of being cancelled in 2007 , even the qualification of competition for the competition was cancelled , or even the qualification of the competition was cancelled .
the military personnel who have been suspended from their posts , michael cohen , former chief designer of the wheel , was found to have carried nearly 800 pages of flagship technology documents , including the design of the faff2007 racing vehicle .
the arroyo , jarak , was not seen by other people in the car team before the suspension . the mai kai wheel car did not have any magic spot .
( wang yuan )
experts believe that the prototype of insurance will not be used in the short term in the domestic stock market
chinanews , july 30
according to a report by china securities news , recently the " interim procedures for managing investment in offshore insurance funds " were promulgated , and insurance funds have broader space for utilizing the capital market .
china 's chief investment officer liu lefei believes that the appreciation of the rmb and the good development of the domestic capital market will not be achieved by insurance organizations in the near future through the purchase of foreign exchange , which also means that insurance , careline , will not divert funds from the domestic stock market in the short run .
according to reports , many insurance institutions hold the same views .
experts said that since there is no market for renminbi products , insurance institutions are not fully equipped to avoid risks , so the time for large - scale foreign exchange purchases is not yet ripe .
liu lefei said : judging from the long - term situation , foreign investment in the area of asset allocation should occupy a certain proportion of the overall allocation of insurance companies .
however , in view of the relatively large pressure on the appreciation of the rmb , china will mainly make use of its own foreign exchange funds to make overseas investment .
for foreign investment , the current situation should be cautious in dealing with the purchase of foreign exchange .
( shangluo )
china 's direct losses in 2005 were 52.5 billion yuan in flood prevention and drought control
this reporter has learned from the general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control that as of july , the drought - stricken areas across the country had been affected by 188 million mu , of which 54.14 million mu were affected by the disaster , 1.19 million people were killed , 652 people were killed , 45.5 million yuan were directly economic losses .
the acreage of farmland is 1.4 - billion mu , and some localities have large circulation due to drought , which has a shortage of farmland , are hard to cope .
in july , the national general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control issued an urgent plan in light of the current grim situation in flood prevention and drought control .
the provincial flood control headquarters in the areas along the huai he are strengthening their headquarters and reinforcing their defense during the water - saving period , so as to win a complete victory in the flood prevention and drought control .
the state general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control , together with finance and other departments have dispatched three work groups to fight drought with the work of combating drought in the first stretch and the serious drought - stricken areas to guide the work of fighting drought .
at present , the work of flood prevention is being carried out in a tense and orderly manner , and the operation of the drought is also being carried out in the liujiang river , henan province , three provinces in jiangsu province , are operating in a queue .
the big problem is not big .
the ministry of foreign trade and economic cooperation ( moftec ) has been actively implementing the anti - drought work plan .
( by reporter zhao yongping )
chen shui - bian secretly intervened in the election the " judiciary " in taiwan denied and asked him to explain the matter .
chinanews , july 30 chen shui - bian questioned the taiwan judicial personnel 's attempt to get involved in the election of the leader of the taiwan region .
the executive authorities of taiwan 's judicial yuan said on the same day that the current performance of the judges on the island is different from what chen shui - bian said and also demanded that chen shui - bian give an explanation of the statement .
according to taiwan 's " ching " report , chen shui - bian questioned the judge 's name or investigator on 30 may . due to political factors or election considerations , he intervened in the election , which even attempted to influence the election campaign activities of the candidates of various parties . he said he hoped that such a phenomenon would not exist in taiwan , but it was very difficult .
in view of chen shui - bian 's query , the court president of taiwan 's ministry of justice , yue sheng , answered , and secretary general fan kuang - qun , representing the judicial affairs council , spoke on behalf of the cmp .
kao chieh said that taiwan 's fundamental law and the code of conduct of judges all declared that judges should go beyond the party and should not participate in party activities or assist in election of political parties , and that judges should strictly observe relevant rules . the court of justice believes that judges are very cautious in doing this .
kao chieh pointed out that the higher authorities of kaohsiung division have decided to send a delegation to kadena university a few years ago because the relevant courses have political party and the legal foundation for the judge 's self - discipline committee .
zhang shengxi once wanted to join the democratic progressive party [ dpp ] because he took the position to run for the election , and finally decided to abandon the election .
gao jinchi said that if the trial of individual cases is conducted , there will be no final adjudication of the results of the judgments alone . he said that the judge should have other political intentions .
germany to cut import threshold for professional personnel
the first meeting of the joint military exercise of the people 's liberation army ( pla ) was held in berlin on july 1 .
german minister of education and scientific research shavan said a few days ago that germany should reduce the amount of foreign professional talent imported in the " cave " and , through increasing the introduction of foreign talent , solve the problems of specialized talent facing germany .
the report of the organization of economic cooperation ( oecd ) said that the number of workers from germany , aged between 15 and 64 , will drop year after year .
if there is no sufficient immigration to 2069 , germany 's labor force will be 6 percent less than the current level .
however , the german federation of employers and the german engineers association and other organizations have reported that engineers and technicians in germany are rather broad - minded .
the german labor bureau said that the german labor market had been sluggish in may this year , with a supply of about 170,000 workers and a technical specialist providing about 9600 workers .
germany has made great efforts to protect its own people 's employment and introduce foreign talent .
according to the german " thecard " law , non - european countries do not have a professional talent in germany whose length is less than 855,000 euros , otherwise they will not be allowed to work in germany and stay in germany .
the sayyaf proposed to lower this quota to the bottom of the euro .
we should not blindly believe in the law .
the " law on lawyers " revised recently submitted to the npc standing committee for examination and discussion stipulates that those who have engaged in legal research , petrochemical , and other professional work , and who have the same professional level , such as senior practitioners , will apply for the law to practise their own business . after examination and approval by the state council 's judicial and administrative departments , they will be granted to the law enforcement profession .
( " zhongguo tongxun " on 28 june )
legal , there are theoretical and practical affairs in the legal community , and the former mainly includes legal teaching and research work .
for a long time , the legal profession and the actual circulation have been written in the small circulation of the local people , and the theoretical circle believes that the actual situation is not necessary , and the basic tenet of the machine is only the roster of the mechanized tongue , and the real - estate sector has made preparations for the theoretical circles in the municipality .
the legal system can do a lot of work to maintain the gap between the work and the work of assisting the other side .
however , the appearance of the lawyer in the law objectively recognizes the legal system and the legal system , which is higher than the actual function of the legal profession .
in fact , some foreign - related research institutes , such as international laws , which are purely theoretical research and teaching , have been deeply moved by the theory of the law .
in this way , the legal system of the procurator undoubtedly has the legal status of being chaotic .
the superstition in theoretical circles is not only these , but also experts and experts ' arguments will often affect or even veto the court 's decision . this is also a direct expression of this kind of superstition .
chinese - funded vessels are encouraged to fly in full swing
the report by the staff headquarters , by reporter feng lei
at the state council press conference , it was learned that china will implement a sino - foreign shipping policy starting from 1 july .
to further promote the healthy development of china 's ocean shipping industry and the growth of the country 's wheel transportation industry , the ministry of foreign trade and economic cooperation has issued a circular on the issues related to the registration and hanging of china 's ships in international shipping , the ministry of communications recently issued a " circular on implementing the policy of registering chinese - funded international shipping vessels in the international shipping center " , which clearly states the conditions for the special case and the application procedures , which comply with
the ship can choose shanghai 's liaohe port to register the ship .
britain lowers terrorist attacks
xinhua news agency , london , july 5 , by reporter lin guo
the british government has made a terrorist attack from the highest level to the level of serious drought , which means that the british terrorist attack will not occur soon , but the attack is still extremely premature .
at present , the british police have transferred the scope of investigation to india and australia .
the police have been arrested for the attack because the eight suspects were working in the medical system and the government will provide assistance to the outside immigrants who have entered the medical system .
it is reported that nearly 10,000 workers working in the british public medical system are receiving medical treatment overseas .
the prime minister also demanded that the migration of high technology be investigated , and that employers or related agencies be asked to provide background information .
let the traders get trouble .
the car was unearthed and its tube was cleaned , and the water was covered by natural gas and other fruits of social civilization to the greatest extent .
however , many people came out to visit the country , and they all encountered such a kind of worry . in the hearts of many traders and intermediaries who were doing business , they were besieged and chased out of the intermediary .
both cars and trains , all on - going vehicles will be affected by small traders and some unlicensed intermediaries .
it is not a peanut pear , which is to sell newspapers and periodicals , and many other irtical tablets , such as the catering industry , even the intermediary testimony , etc.
if you do not accept it , he can catch you several hundred meters , and it is very difficult to become benevolent if you are unsuccessful .
in some of the windows , many of them have the same feeling .
before the gate is opened , some people will travel around the clock and small ones will be dried .
after entering the door , this situation will become even more serious . if the good yaxing is also supposed to be a little bit too much .
some media reported that many foreign tourists who went to xian were deeply impressed by the anchoring scene , but they did not agree to allowing the many small business hawkers who had been so many to sell them .
these include the wind of the station , which is like a large tube , and should be polished in order and calm and harmonious , and give a good impression of the snow in a calm and calm environment .
the free parts of the traders were bustling and the bucks were not talking about , objectively they destroyed these public order , and formed a protective screen and environmental pollution . at the same time , they provided the goods to the peasants for conditions and opportunities .
what is important is that these windows of local spiritual civilization construction are all screens , and the damage is not just the problem of image , but also the impact on local economic development .
just think , if you want to become a strong tourism industry , you use this chaotic and sweeping tourism environment to greet the arrival of the visitors from south to north , who is willing to come , who dare to come ?
how did your tourism economy achieve economic results ?
with the arrival of the peak tourism season , tourists from north to south will create a civilized environment for tourism . it should be said that the top priority is to set up a civilized tourist environment .
the market is not the business of small business hawkers , and the business of unlicensed operations should be resolutely abolished . illegal activities should be resolutely cracked down .
only in a civilized and orderly environment can we feel happy and make the country prosperous and rejuvenate and rejoice .
in one word , let the traders not touch the trouble .
the " falungong " cult has been rewarded with its own initiative .
the building street in the dongcheng district of beijing is used to distribute electricity and other materials , as a special incentive for 12 households to voluntarily repay their income .
( " xinjing bao " july 10 )
this writer is happy for the improvement of living conditions in these families , but it is still necessary to make a tuitous reward for the improvement of their family life .
jiaojie city office deputy director said that in view of the low - income situation , it is necessary to encourage the withdrawal of the insurance from the other low - income households .
if this example is to encourage other low - income workers to extricate themselves from the predicament through their own efforts , it is indeed worth advocating that if it wants to use this to muster those people who have long been cheating and vying for low - income , it will not be possible to be somewhat infant .
in the process of distinguishing and cleaning up low - income households , what we rely more on is the law .
the departments concerned should strengthen the management of low - income households when enjoying low - income insurance : if they promptly report on the changes in family and income , report on employment situation , accept regular reexamination , and so on , the departments concerned should increase the intensity of supervision and inspection .
after all , it is not long to have the power to withdraw .
the streets were rewarded with the residents ' family retention money , and who buried the money ?
the streets , as primary government organizations , are appropriated by the financial authorities .
and the taxpayer 's money should not be spent ?
on the one hand , a family that withdraws from low - income families has possessed a certain amount of self - sufficiency in the supply and demand ; on the other hand , is the number of people applying for low - income insurance still not ?
the government financial appropriation , which is called a saving money , should send the money in the snow , instead of adding flowers to the brocade .
liu dianyi is willing to serve as a service provider .
on 10 july , the first state - run township jufang was elected directly by the state council . liu bajie , a native of huanjiu district , accepted democratic heartily after taking office for the fourth time , with the rate of satisfaction reaching 97.7 percent .
at the dialogue with liu gang , liu diyi described his position as a " pendant " and said that he was not willing to go to the united states .
( yesterday 's " xinjing bao " )
liu dawei 's service personnel may be better than some appointed cadres .
the system of the system of appointment by the public election is the most important because the former is determined by the masses of ordinary party members , and the latter is primarily by the higher - level organization and appointment , and the power source has determined that the former must be responsible to the people .
the source of power and the responsibility for the person elected are the fundamental factors determining how the person elected will carry out his work .
some people doubt that such democracy is like a democratic demonstration , like a democratic dragon .
my view is that there are such a kind of proprietary democratic form , which is better than it is .
considering the historical and historical conditions of the building of democracy at the grassroots level in china , i believe that the open election is a major breakthrough , democracy is a dark haze , and it is of great significance to promoting the building of democracy at the grassroots level .
india is expected to select the first female presidential candidate by an analyst , saying that the possibility of being elected is relatively high , and female voters hope that it will raise women 's status .
on 23 june , in front of the presidential candidate document , paraglier was elected as president .
the curtain of the indian presidential election opened on 19 july . the new president will be elected by the current vice president , shawait , and the governor of rajapaksa , who was recently resigned from his office , jaswant gadberganbar , governor of the state of india .
pachachi is the first female presidential candidate in india 's history . if she is elected , she will become india 's first female president .
the ruling party presidential candidate xie qatar , who is a candidate of the ruling party , came from the opposition people 's party .
since the congress party occupies a dominant position in the presidential election , the media and the people are all anxious about the election , and the possibility of being elected by pager is relatively high .
the 72 - year - old paragliar is female governor of rajasthan state .
her lawyer , whose family members have entered the congress with rich experience , has been working hard to make her living a living in the government of jayaaf .
she also worked for social welfare , and was a part of many cultural and social welfare organizations .
analysts pointed out that the reason why patoke became a candidate was because she was unwaveringly linked to the indian national party chairman sonia gandhi .
in india , the gandan family has long controlled the ruling national congress party .
the woman was hung by a large number of female voters , and the female voters believed that pager would face the serious problem of discrimination against women in india 's image and raise her status .
the constitution stipulates that india is a federal state , and the president is nominally the head of state and the commander of the state , and it does not represent any party organization , and more of it is a symbolic .
( yen yingfan )
the united states supports the palestinian government 's expulsion of extremists
the report by staff reporter xu qisheng from washington on july 22 ( reporter xu qisheng )
us president bush said on 21 march that the united states will give full support to the pakistani government in transporting the al-qa'ida organization and the extremist elements from the pakistan - afghanistan border region .
bush said in his weekly broadcast that according to the new intelligence of the united states , the al-qa'ida organization has set up a base in pakistan and afghanistan to find a safe haven .
he expressed great concern about this .
bush said that the united states will continue to support pakistani president musharraf and believes that musharraf will persist in making preparations against al-qa'ida and armed elements .
the " national intelligence assessment " recently published by the united states has pointed out that muslim militants are especially locked - in - house and base - affiliated organizations still pose a threat to the united states .
musharaf 's last september and some tribes in the northern part of pakistan reached a consensus on guarding against heeding and needing forces and on organizing activities of al-qa'ida members .
these tribes are unwilling to or have no ability to defend their own interests .
bush said in his early release that musharraf was taking positive steps to correct this mistake .
the united states hopes that the agreement will be fully implemented
the staff report of the chinese academy of sciences ( cass ) , july 24 , washington ( reporter xu qisheng )
us assistant secretary of state john prescott , chief representative of the six - party talks on the nuclear issue of the dprk , said on the 23rd that the six - party talks on the korean nuclear issue held last week were very important progress , but this was a preliminary action for implementing the agreement .
the united states is very much expecting that the ' 19 september joint statement ' and the ' 13 february joint document ' will be fully implemented .
at a press conference , hilton said that in order to completely resolve the dprk nuclear issue , the dprk would need to submit the dprk 's entire nuclear program by the end of this year and realize the dismantlement of its nuclear facilities .
he hoped that the parties concerned would fully fulfill the dprk nuclear issue within one year and that the agreement reached at the six - party talks would be fully implemented .
hill also said that the two sides would continue to strengthen cooperation in the fields of energy , energy , and other fields while holding talks on the us - dprk relations and the dprk 's nuclear issue .
the climate change has led to a rapid reduction in the alps ' ice tires .
the reporter learned from the july telegraph of geneva ( reporter liu jun )
the glaciers of the swiss academy of sciences have been tracking and studying the long - term progress of the glaciers in switzerland , ranging from 1850 to 50 years , and the swiss supercendant with an average annual average of 3-3 percent .
the alone caused the death of the belts of the ecosystems to melt 1.80 percent .
experts believe that by the year 21-1 , if the global temperature increases by 3 percent , the ice and chilled will be less than it now , and the ice will be increased by 5 percent , and the whole of the glaciers will be completely melted .
the arcelor ice - chilled chilled chilled in europe is listed as the world 's most powerful natural heritage organization , but it is still in its final year of 2006 .
the picture is the 23 - kilometer - long arcelona ice - frigate .
photo by liu jun
the beijing olympic games ' cuttons ' association proposed : do civilized consumers
beijing , july 30 ( wen wei po )
reporter liang jie learned from the chinese consumers ' association that at the 29 th olympic games on 8 august , the first anniversary of the countdown will be announced . the consumer association of tuzotuo tuantuo tuctuo consumer association , the consumer association of qinhuanghuangpu consumer association , and the hong kong consumer council , with the six regional consumer rights protection organizations of the six cities and one district , issued a proposal to consumers that the chinese government display the civilized
the proposal pointed out : from my perspective , we should strengthen the awareness of the humanities olympics , learn the courtesy knowledge , practice the standard of civilization , abide by social stability , and become a consumer who knows the ceremony civilization .
enhance the awareness of the green olympics , protect the ecological environment , cherish the fry , actively promote sustainable consumption , and be a consumer who upholds the green consumption .
we should establish the awareness of diligence and thrift , change the concept of consumption , recklessly compare ourselves with others , oppose extravagance and waste , and be rational consumers with a scientific concept of consumption .
we should enhance the awareness of consumer rights , take the initiative to participate in social supervision , conscientiously respect intellectual property rights , correctly understand rights and obligations , and be a consumers who act according to law and who have reasonable rights to protect intellectual property rights .
advocate spirit and active participation , propagate olympic ideas , and be a olympic spirit disseminator .
the police , " the antenna of hong kong " celebrated the return of hong kong to the motherland for 10 years
on 1 july , the yan - shiyan police in nanjing hai again sounded and swept through the sky .
this heavy historical response , through television station 's telegraph channel and hong kong , the residents of nanjing city and hong kong compatriots were all sweet and celebrated the return of hong kong to the motherland .
the weather in nanjing was fine on july 1 10 years ago .
the city 's public figures from all walks of life in nanjing have gathered together to say that they will get rid of the thick sound of the police and will forever warn themselves and the people of all circles not to forget history .
the alarm bell tall is 1.842 meters , and the one in 1842 was just the start of the " nanjing treaty " when it broke out .
the bell is 1.97 metres tall and the proximity to hong kong is a thick .
the police plan and the comprader wang fengling explained that five pieces of neurine were rounded around the clock , and the entire bronze bell used a high - rise capsule , two dragon traces to set fire on the ball , symbolizing that hong kong is the motherland 's dongfang pearl , and finally , with the city 's mehua as the clock , the pattern of the bell was designed to make it a prelude to the chinese
the first proposal that the democratic party in the year to build the police bell was a big remark that pulling the east , saying : after hong kong 's return to the motherland for 10 years , he hopes that hong kong 's tomorrow will be as bright as that , and that hong kong will not be able to completely wipe out .
( end ) ( zhu xiaoying and liu yang )
the russian security bureau accused the exile " conspiracy " of instigating the enemy "
the russian oligarchy in london , bovolkov , declared on july 2 that the russian federal security bureau has already made a decision on his clients .
boolovkov pointed out that during an interview with the british newspaper " guardian " in april this year , belyzovski announced that he was ready to launch the funcine in russia and confirmed that he had sent a letter of financial support to the right - wing elite representatives who opposed the authorities ' policy .
the russian federal security bureau immediately issued a " warning " on the basis of article 278 of the " russian federation criminal law " and a probe into other countries ' criminal cases . recently , it officially submitted a request to the moscow state sariye court for the relevant charges .
it is reported that in february 2006 , the russian federal procuratorate submitted a criminal case accusation against him , which also took place in the interview by an oligarchy that he attempted to seize the russian regime by force .
because beth had been exiled abroad all along , he was unable to extradite him , and russia temporarily halted the investigation of the case in january 2007 .
on 2 july , the moscow state duviktor court began to try another criminal case of an exile oligarchy . the russian general procuratorate accused belyerto whichever whichever the russian airline company had 214 million rubles in funds and had washed 16 million rubles . the court decided to postpone the court investigation until 12 july after hearing the hearing decision . this is to provide protection for the accused state 's lawyers .
the other side believes that these are all parts of the country , which clearly forbid its own defense lawyers to participate in the activities .
( bi yuan )
guangxi 's responsible posts are subject to administrative efficiency supervision by 619 people
since the beginning of this year , all localities and departments in guangxi have carried out activities to change the work style of cadres and strengthen the construction of administrative efficiency . when the first system was put to an end , the " three systems " were established and the " three systems " were investigated and affixed the responsibilities of the departments directly under the regional authorities for examination and approval .
so far , 619 people have been held accountable .
the reporter learned from the discipline inspection commission of the autonomous region on 5 july that at present , guangxi has preliminarily formed a network of administrative efficiency supervision in the autonomous region 's anxian county , which has strengthened supervision over key departments ' work posts . the electronic supervision systems of 14 cities have been linked to the regional network .
the autonomous region 's administrative efficiency electronic monitoring system directly connects with the work and life of 33 autonomous regions directly under the direct supervision of the autonomous region , and further standardized the examination and approval behavior , thus raising the efficiency of examination and approval .
at the same time , discipline inspection and supervision organs at all levels in guangxi have strictly investigated and handled cases involving irregularities that damage the interests of the masses . as of now , they have investigated and verified 11,000 pieces , investigated 769 cases , and investigated and affixed the responsibility of the 584 units .
ma yuejun , secretary of the standing committee of the party committee 's discipline inspection commission , said on 5 april that supervision of administrative efficiency is a work that accompany administrative activities , and it is necessary to gradually form a long - term mechanism .
guangxi should further improve and standardize all aspects of administrative management , establish and improve a mechanism for supervising administrative efficiency and a mechanism for guaranteeing the implementation of the supervision system , and further standardize the supervision and inspection procedures , improve the system of handling complaints and the efficiency appraisal and assessment mechanism ;
the chinese government has decided to set up a special administrative region ( sar ) government in the country 's capital city of east china 's zhejiang province , the first of its kind in the country .
nato cannot rule out the possibility of cooperating with the united states on the issue of the abm system
nato information officer simona de manasso said in an exclusive interview with xinhua reporters on 9 april that the possibility of linking the us anti - missile system with nato 's own defense system is not excluded .
the president said that nato 's current research on the us anti - missile plan is aimed at building a " strategic partnership " between the united states and europe .
she said that nato has its own theater missile defense system and has already started discussing the establishment of a strategic missile defense system , which combines the us anti - ballistic missile system with nato 's own defense system .
she also said that the united states has not made any progress on the issue of establishing an anti - ballistic missile system in europe .
the chinese government has decided to set up a special administrative region ( sar ) government in the country 's capital city of east china 's zhejiang province , the first of its kind in the country .
two jordanian were killed in plotting attacks on americans
two jordanian men killed in attacks on jordan on 11 april were detained by the jordanian national security court .
both of them were a 25 - year - old man , together with a man named samuel catairi , who was sentenced to eight years of imprisonment for mandatory labor , while the other man was handed down by mandelhada and was sentenced to three years of imprisonment and imposed a fine of labor .
the court said that the defendant , huali , was also charged with illegally holding a thick in his house while searching him .
the court had originally decided to sentenced hutlehlari to life imprisonment , considering giving him a chance to make a life - long pig transplant , which would be cut by eight years .
the indictment said that the two defendants had decided to provide the iraqi people with the help of those who were humiliated and humiliated by americans , and therefore planned to attack the americans living in jordan .
in august 2006 , they ordered a man named anman living in the jordanian capital , but in the midst of an attack on him , they were arrested by the police .
the indictment did not make public the identity of the american .
the indictment also accused the two defendants of planning attacks against other americans , but did not reveal specific details .
china 's foreign trade volume is expected to reach $ 38.6 billion in 2005 , up from a year ago .
the reason why the report on the negative reactions caused by diabetes drugs has increased sharply
according to the us media report on the 15th , the heart disease and other bad reactions caused by antidiabetes drugs , etcea , have recently shown a big upward trend in the united states .
the us food and drug administration issued a security warning in may this year , suggesting that the diabetes patient use a written document to express the view that scientists had found the same way to make a report on the first issue of the new medicine magazine published on 21 may . the research report said that the vendor sales will greatly increase the incidence of heart disease and the ratio of patients ' incidence of heart disease and the ratio of bulk of psychotropic
the doctor and the patient 's close attention was therefore received by the doctor .
statistics show that about one month after the issuance of the safety warning , the us pharmaceutical administration received 357 examples of claya , which triggered a negative reaction , of which 38 were fatal reports .
in january and february this year , the bureau received only 50 and 73 applications respectively .
these bad reactions lightly hit the water bubble , and the weight of sudden sudden death of heart disease .
however , the drug experts of the us drug administration believe that the conclusion of the unsafe conclusion of man diya is still too early .
the pharmacy and poisons board will hold a hearing on the doctor 's statement on july 30 .
in 1999 , wen diya was an island magic acetylene that applied to therapeutic treatment .
there are about 6 million diabetes in the world who have taken or are taking vinya .
the british glaxosmithkline has always believed that vincent is safe and that it is not easy for the patient to make any profit .
prc fm spokesman says us wants to resume middle east peace talks
in his speech in washington on 16 august , us president bush called for holding a meeting in the autumn on the palestine - israel issue , inviting some israeli - palestinian arab countries and other relevant countries to attend the meeting in order to jointly promote the resumption of the middle east peace process .
on 17 july , bush also called egyptian president hosni mubarak and saudi king juan bir bhutanese respectively , asking them to respond positively to the proposal and take practical action to support palestinian national authority chairman abbas , to help palestine and israel resume peace talks at an early date .
abbas said the plo central committee will discuss the early palestinian elections
palestinian national authority chairman abbas said in ramallah on 18 april that the palestinian liberation organization ( plo ) central committee 's two - day meeting opened on that day , and the meeting will discuss the issue of holding an early meeting of the palestinian national authority and the election of the legislative council .
abbas said that he was glad to see the progress made in the talks .
at the same time , abbas was worried about the relations between the palestinian national authority and the eu .
he said : the palestinian side welcomes the measures taken by the eu toward the palestinian president 's office .
abbas urged the eu to continue providing humanitarian assistance to the palestinian people in gaza .
the two sides reiterated the eu 's support for abbas and the palestinian people .
he said : the relevant parts of the middle east issue ( the united nations , the united states , and russia ) will hold a meeting on 19 july to discuss the question of reopening the middle east peace process . in the next few days , there may be proposals .
the eu has expressed its strong opposition to the deployment of international troops in gaza , but it still needs to discuss with other parties , especially the un .
( by reporter wang jiesui )
jiangxi will provide medical professionals in rural areas for 30 years
for a long time , a large number of health professionals and technicians have been operating in rural areas , making a lot of effort and yearning for the health of the grassroots and the masses .
jiangxi province recently decided to conduct a special investigation into the name of chang chun - yan , who has been working in rural areas for 30 years , and to award him 30 years of honorary medical service .
according to the ministry of health of jiangxi province , the number of people who are working in medical and health specialty in the township and town hospitals run by the government and have technical academic qualifications at or above the junior level of health , specialized technical personnel , who have either continuously or combined with the township blood defense unit of the township and town health hospital of the township and town health hospital and the mawei village , which have been working for 30 years , are all on the list of the people who
the final computation period for the first group was set at the end of july .
for qualified rural health professionals , jiangxi province has issued regulations on rural health work in addition to the approval of honoring honorary awards for 30 years , and will also be screened in the examination of the exam and the favorite of examination .
the senior examination tops are separately determined by the quality of the examination , and the assessment of the actual ability is appropriately relaxed , so that the conditions for scientific research and theses can be removed from the examination , and the qualification for examination can be assured .
the jiangxi provincial health department will arrange a certain amount of vacation funds to provide certain amount of financial assistance to the peasants every year .
starting this year , jiangxi province will launch a large - scale rural health work every two years , and the accredited for 30 years will be confirmed .
the chinese government has decided to set up a special administrative region government in beijing on tuesday .
the us defense department reconsidered the plan to reduce us troops in europe
us defense department officials said on the 23rd that due to the war in iraq and changes in the world , the us department of defense is considering a plan to cut the number of us troops stationed in europe by about half .
the us media quoted a defense ministry official as saying that since the iraq war is still going on and the us - russian and iranian relations are deteriorating , the defense ministry tuck proposed a question about the feasibility of reducing the european military forces .
rumsfeld , then secretary of defense , announced that the united states would deploy its troops in europe from the original 11.11 to the same level of 7.6 .
at present , the total us forces stationed in europe have already fallen to the bottom of the island .
however , commander of the us military european command tucke submitted a report to the current defense minister in june , asking questions about the above - mentioned plan .
the report said that the us troops stationed in europe , while reducing their troops , have been transferred to iraq and afghanistan in turn , making the us troops in europe short and unable to cope with the normal military cooperation with european allies .
the report suggests that the plan of reducing us forces stationed in europe be stopped .
relevant us experts believe that the above phenomena show that the iraqi war has been dragged down in the original plan for adjustment by the us military .
the chinese government has decided to set up a special administrative region ( sar ) government in the country 's capital of east china 's zhejiang province , according to a report released by the chinese foreign ministry here tuesday .
shandong 's jiaozhou has launched transportation safety movies into community construction sites
people 's daily , qingdao , july 26 ( reporter song xuechun and fan zhongliang )
to further deepen the building of the city 's civilization , the city has enhanced the awareness of the importance of transportation and the awareness of traffic and the need to ensure traffic safety , and to enhance the consciousness of observing the law . from july 20 to august 10 , the city of tuanzhou city organized a large - scale demonstration in the jiaojia square of the city people 's plaza , which was organized by the liangang plaza , the liangyuan plaza pl@@
before the movie was shown , the brigade had printed " the dragon " which was prepared by the broad masses of residents .
the scene of the film aroused the admiration of the residents and felt like a scene of thick dragon .
in particular , the special feature of the " on the road to school " has easily understood and loved the world through its shape .
the film attracted more than 3,000 residents around the square to watch , especially some of the cantonese youths and migrant workers , who were sitting at the center of the venue to watch with relentless attention .
through the delivery of transportation and safety movies into the community ( + pw ) , the public can enjoy a comfortable life while staying in nanning , and they have also received a profound education in traffic safety , which has received the warm response of the public , especially the new citizens .
china to gradually implement health supervision system in catering industry
in order to better implement the " food and health law " and the " decision on further strengthening food safety work " of the state council , the ministry of health has separately issued two special health certificates in haidian district , the tongchu city of taizhou city in zhejiang province , hangzhou city in zhejiang province , luoyang city in zhejiang province , hubei province , hainan province , zhangang sanjie , sichuan province , and 10 other areas have conducted pilot projects of food and drink supervision and
the system will also gradually be implemented in the whole country .
the hygiene supervision system of the catering industry is a system of regulation and control of the hygiene conditions of catering units on the basis of day - to - day hygiene supervision . the health of the staff of the industry has proven that food quality and labelling labs are the key to environmental hygiene protection in the premises of food processing , food preparation , and drink preparation , and other nine key protective gears , such as the major raw material for cleaning and cleaning , were conducted on -
according to the briefing , the public notice will adopt the unified form and form stipulated by the ministry of health , including the results of on - site inspection of the results of the examination of the results of the comprehensive assessment of the results of the survey of the pitak screening views on the spot , the names of the regulators and the telephone numbers of the customers ' complaints , and the clear location of the entrance of the beverages of the beverages of the beverages of the
the chinese government has decided to set up a new round of six - party talks on the korean peninsula nuclear issue in the near future .
the security council decided to extend the term of office of peacekeeping troops in ethiopia
the un security council unanimously adopted a resolution on 30 june , agreeing to extend the un peacekeeping force stationed in lithuania and its term of office ( eielia ) to january next year .
the resolution urged all parties concerned to honor their commitments , exercise restraint , ease the tense situation , avoid unctuous military activities , and call on the irish peninsula to immediately withdraw its troops and their armament from the temporary security zone and call for reducing the number of troops deployed in the vicinity of the provisional regional region recently .
the resolution demanded that the swedish authorities take concrete steps to ensure that the eritrean border committee can rapidly reach the border without a situation , and demanded that eritrea not delay the withdrawal of its emergency plan to the eitrean corps and all other measures .
the resolution reiterated its full support for the work of the eritrean border committee and expressed appreciation for the committee 's decision to hold a meeting in new york on september 6 .
in 1998 , the ericai - yara border conflict broke out , causing many deaths .
in june 2000 , the two sides signed a ceasefire agreement in algeria 's capital , algiers .
the united nations has deployed peacekeeping troops along the eritrean border since july 2001 to supervise the implementation of the cease - fire agreement between the two countries .
china 's foreign trade volume has reached $ 38.6 billion in the past five years , up from a year ago .
the opening ceremony of the national county - level city of beijing
the reporter learned from chengdu military region on 30 june :
xing zhiyuan reporting : to implement the spirit of the party central committee 's instructions on building a harmonious socialist society and to coordinate with the building of a new socialist rural area , the whole people are rich in the main theme of the olympic games , the cultural and sports life of the masses , and the 30th anniversary of the olympic games , the county - level screenings of the olympic games were launched in two counties in chenggang city and county .
the six - day event attracted 10 county - level men from all over the country .
according to the rules , athletes participating in this competition must be the tutor , aged 18 or above .
the state sports administration ( ssa ) has registered a professional and professional professional athlete in 2006 and 2007 , and the athletes are not allowed to attend the competition .
the competition adopted the latest " rules " examined and approved by the china athletics association . the competition is divided into two stages of the preliminary and final .
the competition was organized by the state sports general administration of china and the china association of international sports travel and tourism .
in recent years , shuangfu county 's cultural and sports undertakings have developed rapidly , and shuangliu county has received support from all parts of the country , including the national sports advanced units , such as the national advanced units in sports .
in the building of new rural areas , in particular , shuangfu county has vigorously carried out the project of peasants ' physical culture and sports facilities and the building of the rural areas with the beautification of the grass - roots peasants , which has been beautified and beautified . it has built the stadium in rural areas and the peasants ' side , so that the sports and service system can cover the rural areas . it has actively promoted the production of the local characteristics and the rural areas ' participation in
the three major functions of modern military service
first , distinguishing functions .
different countries ' armed forces and people 's important military symbols should be differentiated .
in the world , the military of more than 100 countries , big and small , is basically the same in the use of military uniforms , but there are no military uniforms of any two countries .
second , symbolizing functions .
to a certain extent , military uniforms are not only a symbol of a nation 's spirit and national characteristics , but also a symbol of the combat capability of a country 's military .
in the courtyard , the three major military uniforms were usually dressed in the uniform of the third army , which fully demonstrated the might of the army , and the elegant elegant dress .
third , the function of protection .
with the rapid development of new and high - tech weapons and equipment , the comprehensive protection performance of new - type operational clothes has greatly increased the capability of defense against ammunition detection and prevention of chemical infestation , and the control of radioactive radiation in the chemical defense against chemical warfare , and the combination of different and humid - air conditioning and other functions has become the most important issue in the development of military service .
( shi wei )
the organs of the party committee of a certain regiment dared to handle the issue of the situation in a real way .
the reporters learned from the pla daily , chengdu , july 3
the chinese government has made great efforts to build a modern house , and the chinese people have been able to get rid of the disease .
today , more than 10 senior officers of a certain communications training unit of the chengdu military region were happy with the scene . they were eager to see the members of the big party committee resolved the problem of the squadron 's determination to tackle the tough work . they were full of admiration and rehearsal .
a few years ago , with the personnel 's hands and property of the unit being illegally occupied , the house of the group 's family building was overtaken , making it difficult for the cadres to have housing , and the officers and men were quite satisfied with this .
the group also cleared several rooms , and they were unable to resolve all kinds of resistance , making the problem an old man who was in a difficult position .
if we dare to make a genuine comparison , we will not be able to solve the difficult problem .
the new party committee leadership group has reached a consensus , and the principal leaders personally have begun to make thorough cleaning of all the problems of occupying houses in violation of regulations .
they were active and elegant , hoping that the personnel concerned would tell the troops ' house prices and funds in the army 's house , and that the housing management should be properly managed . they also expressed the party committee 's firm determination and principled stand .
for those who have not been willing to withdraw from other places , those who do not want to withdraw from their houses , the party committee organs promptly contacted their units and adopted corresponding measures to urge them to take the initiative to cooperate with the work of the units .
after two months of meticulous work , all the unauthorized building works of the residents who were unauthorized and occupied housing were moved out on schedule , and the working cadres of the unit were assigned to housing according to regulations .
the party committee of this unit has the courage to tackle the real and tough problems , and has also produced a pithy effect . in the past , several cadres who were unwilling to actively cooperate with the organization in the distribution of cadres have also expressed their obedience to the organizational decision .
chinese defense minister meets bangladesh chief of staff
the staff report of the beijing post on july 9
zhang shun , commander of the air force , was met in beijing today with qiao qingchen , chief of staff of the bangladesh air force .
qiao qingchen said that since the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and bangladesh , bilateral relations have been developing smoothly , high - level exchanges have been frequent , and friendly exchanges and cooperation in all fields have been constantly strengthened .
the two countries have always supported each other in international affairs and in their national construction , and they have mutual trust and assistance in each other .
china appreciates and thanks bangladesh for its support for china on issues such as taiwan 's totals and tibet .
qiao qingchen said that the chinese army treasures the friendly relations with the bangladesh army and hopes that with the joint efforts of both sides , the friendly cooperation between the two armed forces will be further expanded in fields and levels , and the friendly exchanges and cooperation between the two air forces will be strengthened , so as to raise the existing friendly and cooperative relations between the two armed forces to a new level .
chico'o said bangladesh will make efforts to further develop the friendly cooperative relations between the two armed forces , especially the two air forces .
he reiterated that the bangladesh government will , as always , adhere to the one - china policy .
before the meeting , qiao qingchen held a welcoming ceremony for qoo .
qi said that he was here on july 8 at qiao 's invitation and that he would visit china as guest of qiao qingchen .
the seven - day china military service website [ www .
the staff report , july 13 from beijing ( correspondent yang baojin ) liu xinxin , has been replaced by seven - style military uniform since 1 august .
this evening , the china military network specially invited the military supplies department deputy director chen jun and the other general departments to go through the military equipment research institute to conduct the 2007 military uniform designer su - 27 .
the two guests were the chief engineer of the research and development of the 07 - type military uniform .
on the changes in the new military uniform , they said that the 2007 military uniform was replaced with a particularly large amount of ammunition in the 97 - type military uniform .
the most important feature of the 7 - type military uniform is the combination of the coefficient and the combination of man - made functions , making the military uniform for the first time reach the level of coordination of the three armed services and the standard of coordination of the whole series of pieces of operation , indicating that the level of the army 's military uniform building has made a historical leap forward .
the two guests also exchanged views on the new military uniform model , the skeleton , and other issues .
the incident was jointly launched by the china military network and the china netcom , which jointly organized by the newest nets and the newest nets .
the jingjiang city people 's armed forces platform has upgraded the quality of specialized military cadres
the " blue army " of the pla forces on 18 june carried out a joint military exercise in jingjiang city , jiangsu province , which was jointly organized by the armed forces department of xilai town , lu yqing , on " winning the battle of information technology " .
this is a new practice of the ministry of personnel in conjunction with the actual situation of their posts in exerting efforts to improve the comprehensive quality of cadres with specialized arms .
early this year , the party committee of the people 's armed forces department discovered when conducting investigations and studies at the grassroots level that some cadres who had worked in the central authorities and were concurrently concurrently held in the position did not devote their main energy to the work of armed forces .
for this reason , they have adopted the method of concentrating on training the students and relying on training at local party schools to conduct regular training of cadres with special arms and to focus on resolving the difficult problems of specialty cadres ' knowledge and skill level of operation .
in light of the central tasks , they boldly carried out tasks to cadres with special skills and worked hard to improve their abilities to work in their posts .
at the same time , they actively coordinated local organization departments , jointly formulated the " plan for hiring cadres with special arms " , clearly stipulating that the armed forces minister must join the party committee and that they will not be able to leave other posts ;
and established a mechanism for the adjustment and exchange of cadres with special skills , and made arrangements for some cadres who are older and unable to adapt to the work of armed forces at the grassroots level in a timely manner , and for comrades who have a strong ability to work in all aspects , such as those who have good overall quality and ability to work hard .
not long ago , chen yi - song , director of the new century 's dynamite company , led the militiamen technical detachment in innovating on the underwater ship , which was upgraded to the armed forces department of the company .
the first and the first will be good .
from the result of the competition alone , the two - to - two score is reasonable , and also can be accepted by the heart of the competition , and the more regrettable it is .
if the iranian team leads by 2 to 0 , then pull the ball in the chinese , then it will definitely be different .
the good will cannot be good , and we can say that it is a bad old problem .
the situation is often not good for the ball under the condition of the situation . the general public view is that china 's psychological quality is not perfect .
this is indeed a kind of thing that cannot be done in the end .
however , judging from the competition today , it seems that it is not going to happen .
sun jihai , sun jiaxiang , shao jiaoyan , and others kicked in europe , but they did not say that li wei and others were the survivors of the long - standing sand . they saw many things in their minds . according to reason , they would not have any psychological quality .
it was regrettable that the iranian team was forced to settle the situation , because it was not easy to deploy troops .
the iranian team has replaced two teams under a backward condition , and the scene was immediately pulled out .
the second half was also replaced with three other names , and the results were not good .
we should overcome the problem of being good and not good and must find the root of the problem .
as long as the problem is accurately found , it is probably not difficult to find the way to get rid of the problem .
they are afraid of being forced to go to the hospital in a rush .
if it continues , the car will be more competition , and the old problem will also be offended .
the ministry of public security gave the guangdong frontier guard corps hospital a total of 280 yuan in collective
shenzhen , july 18 , 2007
li guoqiang and huang qi reported : over the past many years , the guangdong frontier guard hospital has , while doing a good job in providing medical support to the people in difficulty , exerted great efforts to rescue the people in difficulty .
this morning , the ministry of public security gave a collective notice of the second artillery corps conference of the guangdong frontier guard corps and the advanced deeds of supporting the government and cherishing the people in shenzhen .
the hospital of the guangdong frontier guard corps has successively carried out research and development in buji , buji , longhua , and kuangan in shenzhen , which specializes in dealing with foreign migrant workers , and the staff of the foreign affairs bureau have to pay only one yuan for the medical and registered fee . the operation fee for inspection is only 1 yuan , and the operation fee is 18 % .
the hospital has a special car equipped with a telescopic service vehicle , and has provided free medical treatment for migrant workers and introduced health service cards for migrant workers , which only takes seven yuan per month , enjoy 12 basic medical treatment and protection items .
this measure has benefited 12,000 farmers .
the hospital also started to clear the distance of the lights from the big dragon lanterns , and the hospital organized eight large - scale medical personnel to go to the western region to participate in the opening ceremony of the pond in the tibetan autonomous region , the pingtan in the tibetan region , and other places . the operation was conducted free of charge and nearly 3,000 cases of the white internal surgery , which made the patients seriously aware of the situation .
the armed police force will be carrying seven sets of clothes starting 1 august .
on july 19 , the reporter liu zhifeng reporting from zhang jianjun that the armed police force will , starting from 1 august , replace seven sets of clothing .
today , this reporter has learned from the 7 - type fashion issuance ceremony and the papf - 7 fashion show that the seven - style clothes that were replaced were unionpay and the armed police force 4 large - scale demonstration type of the papf .
the existing rugby green has been adjusted from the existing olive green to the dark green colour , the palm and the trousers are all fluored , with a strong overall design , with a view to acquiring the national costume standard on the number one .
the orphant strap of the orphant strap of the female officers and men has been replaced by the guang - type , the summer - type surgery system , the spring - autumn - autumn fluorine skeleton design .
the newly added name brand name name brand name and qualifications , which are included in the national defense mobilization blue belt , and the redesigned pig carving and string seed , has enhanced the consciousness of the garments and enhanced the distinguishing function of the beauty .
the seven - day uniform of the armed police will be replaced in three years .
before august 1 , 2007 , he was in touch with the army as a member of the central military commission and a member of the central military commission and the national flag orchestra , which was formed by cadres stationed in beijing and soldiers stationed in beijing during the spring and autumn season .
the soldier was replaced by another soldier in the spring and autumn season and was often dressed in a dark glass .
the winter suit was replaced by a large - sized sweater in october .
in december , 2009 , he was appointed a soldier in the winter uniform .
the training was subordinated to the regular replacement of the troops .
the small size of a base of the second artillery corps started to operate directly in the educational area .
the reporters learned from the pla daily that the young pioneer units ' education organization organized by the small - scale units had difficulty in extracting from the control of each other 's resources .
this reporter has learned recently that after six months of experiments , the base issued the " outline for ideological and political education " and covered the entire military and civilian facilities at the base , covering a number of ideological and political education cooperation zones , which have been formally put into operation .
in order to promote the effective implementation of the " program of ideological and political education " , the base organized its forces to conduct a comprehensive study of the current situation of ideological and political education in units with small margins , which had been influenced and restricted the time of education for personnel . this has initially formed a small , scattered , and directly administered unit .
the concrete practice of the cooperative zone is to break down the boundary between the units and the units , and to designate a brigade and regimental unit in the area of relatively centralized film and television , to conduct a unified plan for thematic education , and units under different affiliated units close to the same channel for listening or drawing on the assistance of the remote - range discussion .
the practice of combining extraction with competition for posts has made unified arrangements for the educational forces , and the hardware used in the documentary areas has unified the data and data sharing experience and sharing in each unit . the group has organized model model reports in the area to exchange opinions on how to study the tutor .
each cooperative area has set up a technical personnel training center and a technical personnel training center .
on this basis , the cooperation zones have also established difficult problems and have jointly managed to solve urgent problems in education and to report on the evaluation of emergency situations .
zhang shengmin , director of the political department of the base , told this reporter that the establishment of a political education cooperation zone not only reduced the waste of educational resources but also deepened the results of education .
some of the political fears that they will lose points in front of the officers and men of the units outside the army , and take the initiative to study new knowledge probing for new methods of education .
officers and men who received education also actively engaged in education , fearing that when they were making a distinction during discussions , they spoke in front of the officers and men of their neighboring units .
this kind of pond , the enthusiasm of the peasants , and the enthusiasm of the peasants , has been effectively stimulated .
a certain regiment of the north sea fleet has decided to allocate all the seats of the soldiers .
the " red army " artillery corps successfully launched a large - scale joint anti - tank drill in a certain platoon regiment of the north china sea fleet on 17 july . the unit 's 31 long - standing fighters were working on the frontline to chidaiwan .
luo xiangming , a grade - 6 officer , told this reporter with pleasure that leaders of the brigade were concerned about and cherished the soldiers , and we were ready to work hard after we returned .
organize grass - roots fighters , and this group was the first time .
not long ago , yao qingsheng went deep into the grassroots to see that some soldiers in charge of work braved their hands to repair their equipment , and this greatly moved yao qingsheng .
the soldiers forgot their work , and the party committee should be concerned about and cherish the soldiers and be responsible for the health of the soldiers . at the party committee , yao qingsheng 's words won the approval of all of them .
after studying the matter , the party committee decided to allocate all the money allocated to the unit to the regiment to the soldiers working at the frontline .
the units of the jinan military region have made their affairs public and hot spots of the area .
jfjb carries photo of pla daily
wang weiqin , a special envoy of li desying , reported on 25 july that this writer saw at a company of the jinan military region that wrote a piece of paper with the army 's engineering project bidding for the project , which was promoted to the rank of general officer , and other important items , and was hung in the window of the army 's engineering promotion .
according to the briefing by political commissar su song - sen , this is a measure taken by the ministry to promote the system of opening things to the public .
the party committee of this unit has drawn up the " regulations on two - way supervision by organs at the grass - roots level " for strengthening the building of a sound party style and a clean administration , and has demanded that all major issues involving the immediate interests of officers and men and the building of the troops be decided after listening to the opinions of the grass - roots units . the decision will be made after the opinions of the officers and men are made .
the unit has a large box of public bulletins , which is located on the ground , and is widely solicited for opinions and suggestions from all .
in early 2000 , the renovation project of the fuselage building of the soldiers was carried out , and the party committee organs solicited opinions from officers and men extensively before it was started . then , the bidding information was issued and public bidding was carried out .
it has not only saved the funds but also won the support of the officers and men .
the work of handling affairs openly and impartially has led to the formation of a good atmosphere in the grassroots .
in this unit , grassroots companies , regardless of whether they are big or hot - spot or small , go to individual vacation and sell out of the accounts , and so on , always persist in making public the results of regular announcements and consciously accept the masses ' supervision .
( international ) research shows that the skin of the two genes in the cells is related to the two genes .
london , july 2 ( xinhua ) iceland scientists have found that the skeleton of two genes in iceland is far more risky than ordinary people in the world through research .
according to the latest issue of " nature " magazine , the prototype of iceland 's dianond company researched the skin of the united states from iceland and hong kong , china , several thousand people from china , after screening the genes .
the two genes and heart surging that scientists discovered were an important gene location in the early stage .
the room moved trembling with the heart of the clinic .
according to the " natural genetics " magazine published on 1 july , the final resolution of the funeral company was discovered by the researchers of the pope 's genetics company .
the study also found that one of the genes is to raise the risk of people suffering from pregene , and at the same time lower the risk of suffering from peppabetic diabetes .
( sports ) us senator keleine may retire after the american cup
xinhua news agency , marathon , july 3 ( venezuela ) - - ( reporter liu jian )
according to a report by the venezuelan media on the 3rd , the 37 - year - old old lao man said in an interview here that if the cups were unable to find appropriate club after the game , he would choose to retire .
if the us cup finals are to be held four to six weeks after the conclusion of the beauty cup , i still cannot get a monthly one - 2 contract from a high level team , then perhaps it is my right choice to retire .
with the opening ceremony of the gate gelabachh team to germany , keler also left the two - service team with two functions .
although keleine was very satisfied with the passing of the membrance , he was obviously not worried about his family , and he himself was worried that at present , there are eight teams that deliberately invited him to visit the mainland .
however , this former executive who had served western pacific island and the old man of the germans in germany said that he would choose to be determined by the family and my child was already nine years old . he was accompanied by me in three different countries .
in the gold cup that ended not long ago , keleg played an outstanding role and helped the team win the championship .
in this american cup , he was still the head coach , bradley , but naihe was unable to make four - fold , using the mystery of the young pioneers ' army and the needle of the young pioneer team , which was not so strong as argentine king , and two matches , he defended the big gate seven times .
the next match between colombia and china may be ringer and keleine 's match in the american cup final .
sina , august 16 ( china ) black strawberries cell phones to enter china market
xinhua news agency , ottawa , july 27 - according to canadian " global post " , after eight years of efforts , canada 's tamiflu corporation ( harry clark ) has been operating smoothly .
chief executive of bob
the " global post " quoted an official of the beijing office as saying that the humble was about to be replaced by the 8700g smartphone of black strawberry in late august . it has received about $ 700 .
ballelly said that last week 's operation of the company 's idong cell phone has made people more and more concerned about the intelligent cell phone as the competitor of ihara . black cell phone has already been listed in more than 100 countries around the world .
according to statistics , in the first quarter of this year , the amount of newly increased mobile phone subscribers in the grassland reached 1.12 million , and the total number of users has reached 900,000 .
spain : man killed in killing his wife
xinhua news agency , july 7 - a woman was attacked by monks in spain and she was dragged out of the face . she was forced to leave the village .
according to local media reports on the 6th , the woman was found in a bogalog shop in valencia .
one day , a monsoon man was surging inside the shop , thinking that it was a bandit who told him to get money from the drawer .
but the man did not take the money , but pinned the neck of the woman and wanted to go out .
she wanted to use the way she was killed , but the man did not pull her out . she did n't even play with her neck .
during the struggle , the woman pulled out of the bottom of the face and found that the man was actually her husband .
the murderer was arrested by police .
the victim told the media that she and her husband were handling the divorce procedure because of their lack of emotion .
13 pilots resigned donghang company to claim compensation for more than 100 million yuan
wuhan , july 11 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a special administrative region government in wuhan , capital of southwest china 's wuhan , july 11
thirteen pilots submitted their resignation , hudong china eastern airlines limited liability company issued a letter of resignation , which was as high as 150 - million yuan . this is the highest amount of compensation that hubei has so far .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee is currently examining the case .
in may this year , 13 pilots of the wuhan company of china eastern airlines successively submitted their resignation , which was rejected by the company .
the pilot then made a report to the hubei labor dispute arbitration commission in early june , asking for the decision to terminate the contract with the company .
the donghang wuhan company issued a notice to file a countercharge , demanding that 13 pilots pay the costs of violating the labor contract and relieving the losses of more than 6 million yuan from the labor contract respectively .
it is understood that the pilots signed a fixed time labor contract with donghang . besides the bonding of the labor contract , the conditions for termination of the labor contract will continue to be valid until the pilots ' legal retirement age .
the hubei labor dispute arbitration committee has filed an appeal and countercharges against the case and is expected to conclude the trial by 8 august .
germany calls for early resolution of russia border treaty
xinhua news agency , july 12 , riga ( reporter yang dehong ) visiting german foreign minister steinmeier called on the russian side to adopt the " russian - russian border treaty " as soon as possible .
schinman and his wife , pager , held talks on the same day . the two sides mainly discussed the relations between radradh and cooperation between the eu . they also exchanged views on issues such as the relations between russia and the eu and russia .
at a news conference after the talks , steinmeier called on russia to pass the russian border treaty as soon as possible .
steinmeier said that the entire region and russia improved their relations with each other , and the relations between russia and pakistan were relatively slow . the signing of the russian treaty testified to the course of developing relations between latvia and russia . however , the shadow of history may also regress the relations between latvia , hoping that russia could pass the russian border treaty as soon as possible , so as to promote the forward development of relations between the two countries .
on 27 march this year , after 10 years of negotiations , prime minister karl vilnius and russian prime minister kasurov signed a " joint statement on the border between the two countries " in moscow .
on 17 may , the latvian parliament passed the treaty on the russian - russian border .
according to media reports , the russian parliament will conduct a vote on the treaty in the near future .
dprk , rok to hold 6 th ministerial talks
pyongyang , july 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to offer a new round of talks with the united states on the korean peninsula nuclear issue , according to a report released by the united nations security council here today
military representatives from the dprk and the rok held a military meeting in panmunjon on 16 june . the two sides agreed to hold the sixth ministerial meeting on 24 and 26 june .
according to a report by the central news agency , dprk military representative thomas wolong proposed in his contact that day that yanping island in the western part of the dprk be established to the northern region of pak myong , and that the joint operation of the island was explained in detail .
he said : the establishment of joint operations areas must implement the principle of seeking common prosperity and common interests to the greatest extent and the principle of ensuring peaceful and stable operations .
on the existing friendship between the two sides , pak said that in order to prevent the two sides from engaging in military conflicts in the western waters , the two sides should abandon their respective maritime boundaries and recognize and respect the territorial waters and the territorial waters of the dprk and the rok .
he said that timely measures for military security should be formulated to promote cooperation and exchanges between the dprk and the rok , which the dprk military has always insisted on .
he said : the rok side should take military measures to ensure the non - governmental vessels from the dprk can enter the harbor directly and sail from the haizhou port and freely pass through the strait of reizhou .
this is the second meeting between the dprk and the rok in the recent military talks since 10 july .
the fifth dprk - rok extravagant talks were held in kurdish on the side of panmunjon from 8 to 11 may .
hyundai denies intent to acquire volvo 's shares
seoul , july 18 ( xinhua ) a spokesman for the hyundai motor company of the republic of korea ( rok ) said on july 18 that the company has no intention of purchasing any brand names under the wolfowitz or the company 's name .
the sunday times and the new york times both recently reported the proximity of selling volvo news .
the sunday times even reported that the " sunday times " said that the hyundai motor company of the republic of korea was a potential bubble of wolfowitz .
a spokesman of hyundai motor company said that we are worried about the acquisition of the javez or the tiger , and are busy implementing our own expansion plan , and are simply unable to attend the meeting .
in 1999 , 64.5 - million us dollars of extravagant products were purchased from the walphavo group in sweden .
currently , the turbine tiger on wolfowitz and others are all chief automobile group ( + chang ) .
in march this year , the amount of money that fell into a loss was sold in a sweet stream under the wind of 8.401 us dollars . last month , it again expressed its consideration of selling tigers and czech panthers .
( sports ) cuba 's botswing ropes are too short
xinhua news agency , rio de janeiro , july 21 ( reporter chen weihua and tongdong )
on 21 march , the cuban delegation held a rope in the pan - american games , which will affect the level of fists .
according to the rules of the international fist alliance , the ropes of the fist boxing tower during international competition should be 6.1 meters wide , but according to the results of the cuban team 's coach pedro roker , the pan - american sports meet attack platform is comparable to the standard of 1 meter per 1,000 meter .
roker said : we submitted an official protest because this incident was not a matter of affecting cuba 's national interests , but a matter involving all people .
the rope is too short , which will affect the lightning and lightning actions of the fists .
he also said : if the oil is found in the mine , it will be difficult to find a rope that meets the olympic standards .
as far as we know , we have brought havoc from cuba .
the mexican delegation also expressed its strong indignation at the ropes on the island .
columbian fist giuliano davis won the first battle , but he said : although i won , i won the first match , i did not have the fist attack stage .
the export of the great white sugar retreated to overseas order
xinhua news agency , shanghai , july 24 ( reporter xu shousong and yu hong ) this reporter learned from guansheng garden ( group ) co . ltd that the once pumping whidling crescent milk in shanghai has been resumed for export in the past few days . quite a few overseas chinese have also demanded orders from them .
the guansheng garden is located in the south of the island of singapore , by phone the guannan company , lin qingrong said recently that due to the large amount of pyroidine produced in singapore , the pyrotechnic bureau of singapore is capable of selling it normally on the market , so the order is demanded .
the guansheng garden 's malaysian tuanfeng company said that it was necessary to ask the guanyuan to immediately transport a large - scale baptol sugar from shanghai to malaysia .
the guansheng garden is also known as the guansheng trade company limited in hong kong .
the hong kong china mercantile trading company limited has received notification from hong kong that it has decided to resume its marketing of over 100 large white sugar in hong kong .
it is understood that the 10 pieces of large white rabbit sugar at the shanghai port have gradually resumed export .
at present , seven containers are rabbit sugar , which is being sent to singapore 's jagang , malaysia 's tuckja , and other countries .
( international ) criminal activities of making a british bomb threat arrested
london , july 26 ( xinhua ) the british police announced on july 26 that the building of a bomb in britain 's jennifer purchasing rival bomb was banned in kelly county , keleine , in mid - july .
the police said that the man was called " piano " , 51 years old , a unemployed man , and he would be extorted and manufactured bombs .
on the afternoon of 14 july ( qian ) , the 14 british national giant juice purchasing company was ordered to stop operation due to the threat of a bomb . the business was resumed until the next day .
the british people went to the peak of purchasing the paper , and at that time 14 bucks down the british company , the largest amount of its losses .
the british police then conducted a criminal investigation into the bomb threat incident and announced that no bomb was found in the incident , but there were probably some signs of economic instability .
( sports ) the orbiting period is the final season of the beijing olympic games .
beijing , july 28 ( xinhua ) the olympic games will be held in an irresistible beijing in the coming year , and the ocean is expected to become a reality in beijing , according to a report by the beijing municipal bureau of statistics ( cmec ) on tuesday .
by changing the flower period and other technical means , scientific research personnel have found a good way to increase the color of the olympic games .
the march 28 olympic torch relay in beijing was held on the strength of the new varieties of summer crops and the selection and acceptance of applied research projects . experts concluded that the method of promoting the cultivation of new technologies and the different types of flowers and varieties of natural flowers can be opened during the same summer period , and the summer olympics can be held in beijing in august , reaching the best results in the year of 8-8 .
in the summer of beijing , we can usually see a dozen kinds of swedish - hearted stuff , which are either long and uneven , or have not reached the goal of putting the cot into circulation .
through their efforts , scientific research personnel selected six kinds of lung chang , 206 varieties of summer olympics .
at the 2007 olympic torch relay held at the haidian park in beijing , the beijing olympic games will be screened around the first anniversary of the opening of the beijing olympics . a group of experts who had been carefully cultivated by scientific research personnel in the past will be used as a barometer to greet the audience .
turkish ruling party wins parliamentary election
xinhua news agency , july 30 , turkey 's top electoral commission announced on july 30 that the election of the 23 rd parliament is expected to be held in a bid to win the 550 seats
in the parliamentary election held on 22 july , the main opposition party , the republican party , won the final seats .
the national action party won 71 seats in the election .
in addition to the above three political parties , 26 other members were elected by parliament .
the new parliament of turkey will hold its first meeting in august .
at that time , all members of the parliament will be sworn in and will begin to perform their duties .
after that , the parliament will elect a new speaker through undetermined voting .
the turkish parliamentary election was originally scheduled to be held in november , but in the presidential election at the end of april , because opposition parties were irresponsible to the only candidate , kurdish , vice prime minister and foreign minister of the development party , which led to the presidential election failure , the parliamentary election was postponed .
