white house urges nuclear inspectors to supervise north korea 's closure of nuclear reactors
the white house today called for the dispatch of nuclear inspectors to oversee the closure of the reactor of the dprk 's nuclear fuel , saying that the white house had made a decision after us president bush and south korean president ronald r. russell called on the dprk to close the nuclear plant .
" the two leaders today have discussed the issue of the us - south korean nuclear talks , " said a spokesman for the white house national security council , adding that they hoped the iaea would soon return to the north .
cho noted that the two presidents also expressed their concern over the us - south korea free trade agreement signed yesterday and would work to ensure that the two countries ' parliaments approve the agreement .
experts believe that the plutonium produced by pyongyang over the past 20 years can be enough to produce 12 nuclear weapons .
hill , special envoy of the us six - party talks , said after pyongyang last week that he expected the yongbyon nuclear reactor to be closed in mid - july .
forty - three people die in heavy rain in western india
heavy rain hit western india on weekend , and serious flooding was caused in some areas , and the big western metropolitan route was suspended at home and abroad .
the rescue officials said today that the 43 - year - old girl was killed in the accident .
the number of heavy rain brought by the quarterly monsoon will increase by a large margin , which has a population of 1.1 billion , to a high level of flooding , and even has caused casualties .
half of the victims were buried in the torrential rain , while others were drowned by buildings , brcake , or rushes .
the indian financial center was also affected by the imperial burden .
on 29 th , two days in the thirty sun , the cushion was 43 cents .
chief executive zarqawi said that there were 13 deaths in solo .
officials from the city government called on people not to go out before a rainy day to protect their own safety .
yesterday , the rain was slightly overheated in most areas , and flooded today .
nearly 500 dead in floods in india
according to reports by officials and media , the death toll of india 's national caodral rain has risen to 4:00 this year .
the report quoted by the minister of government , kadan , the press trust of india , as disclosed today that various indian provinces have successively entered the areas of xugang in the past week , with casualties and economic losses in various regions and the economic losses incurred by the indian government . the number of people in the province of shashi province , which is located in the largest city of india alone , is now known to have died as high as 300 .
the report pointed out that kadan was speaking to media reporters during his inspection tour .
he said that at the same time , the largest cotton producing area in india , the province of lashtra , is a vast ocean , with 27 cities and towns being severely affected by the serious flooding of a water - borne building , and more than 10,000 disaster victims being safely placed in a shelter .
india 's entire territory has moved from south to north , and residents of various provinces have been in the red for a long time , and they have been in a state of mind of having a dry season and greeting a heavy rain . however , they have not expected the rain to come and go to an unexpected disaster . they have been in a state of showers , and there is no water in the houses of low - lying , low - lying , low - lying , low - lying , low
wimbledon tennis jordan 's graceful nakadar stepped forward to the final
the spanish red turtle king , named nantong , today played a role in the wimbledon men 's singles 4 th competition for the xyx battle , the competition for the basketball team , the chitty of the baseball game , the naya , and the final . it will be connected with the swiss world soccer king , wada , and the french champion , the french champion , the french champion , in
george kovic had won the game in the 16 th and 8 th matches . he called the guard to treat the wounded and treat the back . he was forced to go to the third game today because of the pot of the pot . he also asked the guard to treat the detainee . later , he was unable to take any further action and decided to give up the game .
the fourth seed george kovic withdrew from the game , making the original 3 - 6 pig - 1 , 4 - 1 , 4 - 1 , a lead in the second seed naker .
in addition to the opening of the nancestral machinery , the first time that the heat was being dragged down by a broken situation was the first set of silent bricks , and the second and second respectively took the lead in the battle situation .
satellite blasts iran 's tunnels for nuclear equipment
the united states has a large number of commercial satellites , which are currently in progress in the development of uranium enrichment facilities , according to a commercial satellite , which may be aimed at providing a platform for the protection of nuclear equipment when an airstrike is encountered .
these pieces are made by the united states ' imperial ( the name of the emperor ) and by the wuxx bse corporation on june 11 , and are published on the website of the institute of science and international security .
the institute is located in washington , where it is a non - profit research organization .
the skit shows that only a few kilometers south of the nantas facility are under construction along the mountain , and the facility is a uranium enrichment plant .
analysts , albright , and brown , pointed out in a report that the entrance of the tunnel in the mine was not clear , but the road was just like a tunnel .
they said that a tunnel like this will be built into a tunnel in the mountains and will play a very good role in protecting the environment .
un special envoy to hold nuclear talks with iran
the united nations atomic energy agency ( iaea ) deputy director - general , hainen , held talks with iranian officials in a bid to once again try to resolve the impasse caused by iran 's nuclear program .
however , iranian president ahmadinejad , under the increasing pressure of the united nations on further sanctions , still stubbornly resisted .
iran will not stop uranium enrichment operations , but welcome this latest round of talks .
he said that the trend of installation of a thaw can slow down or speed up , but this is an issue of implementation , but no one should expect that we give up our rights , and we will not stop this trend .
he made the statement after arriving in hainian .
the purpose of the visit is to formulate a plan to solve the problem of iran 's nuclear program , which triggered the discussion of the " bashar issue . "
the united nations has imposed two sets of sanctions against iran because it cannot freeze uranium enrichment operations .
the report by the iran news agency , hainen and the iranian supreme national security council 's assistant to the president of the international affairs , vanidin , held talks with officials headed by the iranian national security council .
the iranian working group also includes the vice - chairman of the atomic energy agency , siege , and the ambassador to the iaea , sonny .
zou - class palestinian prime minister fyadh will form a new government
the palestinian authorities have been implementing the " brake " in the gaza strip after the thick tiger , the gaza strip , for a month , but prime minister fayyd has been ordered to resign , and then he is ordered to take charge of the new government .
minister of agriculture and social affairs khabi told afp that prime minister sheikh fahd had submitted his resignation to president abbas and the chairman accepted the resignation , and also asked him to be responsible for handling the routine government of the new cabinet .
abbas 's thomas told afp that fatten had presented his resignation , and abbas ordered him to perform his current duties until he resigned from the new government .
the most respected economist , fayade , has put forward his resignation , but only the preface , and will not shake his prime minister status .
" i have been in charge of the emergency cabinet of the palestinian government since last month , and i am responsible for executing the order announced by abbas after bashar al-bashar al-asad 's violence in basra .
according to the basic law of the palestinian autonomous government , without the agreement of the parliament , the autonomous parliament cannot exceed 30 days , but the autonomous parliament is now in a state of paralysis .
the government 's authorization has expired today .
wto representatives call for new draft resolution to break doha round of talks
the world trade organization ( wto ) 's main negotiators proposed today that the united states greatly reduce its subsidies to agriculture and that the developing countries substantially lower their import tariffs for industrial products so as to break the deadlock in the doha round of trade negotiations .
the official said that the new draft of the ' draft ' demands that the united states provide subsidies for agriculture each year , which is now allowed by the $ 1/1/1/200 - million us dollars , and that the developing countries will reduce the import of industrial products to below the level of tariffs .
the proposal aims to break the deadlock in the doha round of talks over the past six years and to facilitate a wto member to reach a compromise agreement .
wto secretary general shao said these proposals were a ' baseless ' agreement that led to development as a fair and reasonable basis .
lamy said : the un member states will not be completely satisfied with the contents of the proposal , but the problems that have caused disagreement are less than the issues that have been reached .
he called for intensive negotiations in the next few weeks .
the ministry of agriculture has decided to impose a ban on the production of unproduced coal pits , which is a major production site in the country .
japanese army 's emergency response to strong earthquake caused a shortage of cars , including cucumbers , and japanese automobile production , said today that they would even suspend production of cars in the country .
japanese yen xitong was hit by a 6.8 - strong earthquake on the richter scale , and the no - fly automobile company , the lc , for this reason , was forced to suspend the operation of the tokyo - based plant , which affected the production of the car plant .
the world 's most popular car dealer , a female spokesman , said that from tonight to 21 august , the production of domestic cars will be suspended .
the spokesman for nikon said that from the day after tomorrow until the 23 rd , two factories in three japanese factories will suspend some production and operation , and will reassess the situation on the weekend .
he said that both factories had two pieces of products , one of which would be affected , but the company might increase the number of shifts next month to make up for the backward production progress .
suzuki said that some production and production of the cannabis will be suspended for three days starting tomorrow , and the fuji company of japan will also suspend production of small cars starting tomorrow and assess the situation on the 21 st .
however , the car said that it is likely that the operation of some of the backyard supply will be suspended next week .
the earthquake killed at least 10 people and injured several hundred people in cake houses , and forced the factories in the disaster area to stop and lay down .
hke buffalo , indonesia cancels sale of british pocket
speaking of hong kong 's earlier buying campaign , mr tsang said indonesia had cancelled the british environmental bags selling activities .
the " suandi " of the " sucun " in the indonesian plaza in the high - consumption district , a responsible person of the famous store , said : because of the incident in hong kong , gansu province has canceled the environmental - friendly bags to carry out activities in the city .
if the people want to spend 140,000 rupees ( about nt $ 40,000 ) ( the nt $ 40,000 ) , then there is no price for it . it is not worth it .
on 6 june , hong kong people gathered outside the store to buy a stake of the " chiao " from the british house , which is designed by the qidou chou , which is designed by the qidou , but not by me as a sprite of the " red bag " , but the shopkeeper refused to be a mere dog .
this quality , which is based on environmental protection , is trying to replace the bags but has become a popular target in london and new york overnight , and triggered the purchase and auction of the website ebay 's price has reached several times the zero price .
the only company that has been granted the right to sell taiwan in indonesia , namely , " basang " , said that it is uncertain whether it will sell them in a few days .
when the hostage crisis was blufff , south korea held direct talks
afghanistan organized by organization to kidnapped 23 hostages and set the deadline for the end of today 's call for the withdrawal of the south korean troops from the country , otherwise the hostages would be killed .
as time passed by 1 minute and second , the situation showed positive development , south korean officials held their first meeting with the organization today .
but at the same time , the organization said that another german hostage was very weak and began to be caught in the brink of losing consciousness .
germany and south korea should withdraw their troops from afghanistan and ask for the hostages to exchange the 33 guerillas sentenced by the afghan government .
spokeswoman masayoshi said in an interview with afp 's telephone that we were directly linked with the korean delegation through our tribal elder .
amady said : we hope that the talks will yield results .
tugtime ( 10.30 pm taiwan time ) is the deadline for the final day , and the time will start to kill the hostages .
the deadline for the exhibition is two times .
prc : rok , rok hold military talks in sea area
since each side decides its own territorial waters , the three - day high - level military talks between the south and the north and the south are dispersed today .
at the meeting held in panmunjon , a border city , north korea 's chief representative , kim jung - chol , said that we have made a conclusion that we do not need any outcome .
the red face was raised , and kim jung - chol criticized south korea and deliberately used the new sea area to replace the original nanning line for discussion .
he pointed out that the beijiao line is not legal .
the beibu limitation line in basin is the us military 's basket of shots after the korean war in 1953 . however , in recent years it has become the focus of controversy between the two koreas , and north korea has refused to acknowledge it .
north korea said that the invasion of the waters by south korea triggered tensions , and south korea claimed that the accusation was groundless .
the clash broke out in the local waters in june 1999 , causing dozens of north korean sailors to suffer .
another similar clash occurred in june 2002 , and six south koreans were unfortunate .
us treasury secretary arrives in china for environmental protection and exchange rate
us treasury secretary colin powell arrived in china yesterday , and the united states is doing its best to persuade china to further carry out the necessary economic reform and environmental protection work , especially the subject of the rmb exchange rate that has attracted much attention .
us diplomats said that powell first went to the cathedral in qinghai , a large province in northwest china .
china is currently carrying out a series of environmental protection plans near the xi'an lake .
balloon today transferred to beijing to discuss with chinese officials in charge of the promotion of the progress of strategic economic dialogue in the united states , which initiated last year .
prc : us - china strategic economic dialogue mainly discuss economic environmental protection issues , and the most important thing is the rmb exchange rate issue . us congressmen think that the rmb is under excessive estimation .
the us - china trade deficit is fast , and the pressure within the united states is gradually increasing . congressmen are preparing to take retaliatory action to counter their so - called china unfair trade policy .
last week , the us senate finance committee passed a bill with overwhelming vote , asking the ministry of finance to claim that the currency is a list of countries that have a fundamental mistake in the currency exchange rate , thus opening the door to economic sanctions against beijing .
us congressmen said that the renminbi is undervalued , which has greatly increased the price of goods sold to the united states , and that the us trade deficit with china last year reached $ 2.5 billion .
muzhijian says he will completely withdraw from the football before the 60 th year old .
starting from the early days , musician 's future in xisang has always been a topic of media speculation , but just as in the past , the portuguese people once again stressed that he would definitely stay in west london this summer .
some newspapers listed the new shanxi of the 14 th name , the new handsome , but i will stay in xxi , qoxi , qunyi , and qoyi .
he reiterated that he hoped to take up the portuguese team 's pope , really i want to practice the " canonization " for a day , and i believe there is always a very great hope for the portuguese football association to hire me as the principal player .
however , the 44 - year - old musino does not intend to contribute all his life to soccer , and he said he would retire before the age of 60 . he did not want to be like bobyon and frigtsburson , and he did not work in the old year .
i have promised my wife that i will not be as good as russell and fragrant as i have been teaching until 70 years old .
the 60 - year - old girl , my grandmother , was born in a brcake .
i have too many things that cannot be done now , and i am waiting for me to do it .
i do n't want to be a football advisor or or technical director , such as bardino or sakki .
i do n't want to play such a role .
i do n't want to be the chairman of a club , but i just want to have a thorough fun , but i am sorry about it .
( qi liang )
wang bing , wang bing in hongxun village , shanxi , a " brick citrus " case
in july , under the concern of the public , the xinxin city intermediate people 's court held a hearing on the case of the guangxi zhuang autonomous region , cao shengvillage , guangsheng town , hongdong county , shanxi province . the case was a case of " black tiger " .
many media in china are concerned about the progress of the case .
because the relevant local departments were more cautious , some reporters were unable to go to the scene to interview the reporters .
currently , the imperial examination is still in progress .
according to a staff member of the linfen city intermediate people 's court , if the case is smooth , it is estimated that the trial will end .
but it is still unknown whether the court can pronounce the verdict .
at around 9 : 00 in the morning , a reporter noticed that the situation outside the central courtyard of linfen city was calm and there was no way to go to or go to the imperial place .
perhaps they feel that the courts are acting like a tiger .
when i am in office , i believe that the law is fair and equitable .
a elderly man who walked over here looked at the emblem of the country and said himself .
earlier , according to a report from hongdong county , the defendant wang bing , father cao shengzhen , former party secretary of the party branch of jiuchun village , was dismissed from the post of deputy to the county people 's congress according to law .
before this , wang dongying had been involved in the case of wang bing 's " black brick " case in which he was suspected of violating discipline , and was removed from the position of party branch secretary and expelled from the party .
the case of the " black brick " incident of the wang bing 's gang led to the incident of slavery in shanxi . the incident of illegal slavery caused concern at home and abroad once . the central authorities ' high - level instructions have demanded that the investigation be strictly carried out .
the dprk and the rok reached agreement on cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources
chinanews , july 8
the dprk and the rok held talks on the development of light industry and underground resources on 7 june .
under the agreement , south korea will provide the dprk with raw materials for producing light industrial products such as clothing and other industrial products , and the dprk will grant some domestic citations to south korea .
according to a report by the japan distribution association , the rok and the dprk had reached agreement in kaesong on cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources in three days , and reached an agreement in the end .
under the agreement , south korea will provide north korea with garments and soap raw materials , cents , and cans , and total value of 9,9japanese yen .
in this regard , the dprk will grant the three domestic cannons ' exploitation rights to the rok .
the south korean government will use the piano in the western part of the country on 25 july to transport the first batch of 500 tons of contractual goods to north korea .
according to the plan , the rok and the dprk will jointly conduct investigations into the eastern part of the dprk starting from 28 july .
the rok government started to activate the program of providing 4.0 million tons of rice to the dprk .
on the dprk 's willingness to actively implement the agreement reached by the six countries , including the closing of nuclear facilities , economic cooperation between the dprk and the rok has once again become more active .
the lanzhou commodity price bureau explained the price of cowl and the price of the cattle to explain that the price was too high .
chinanews , lanzhou , july 10 ( huang )
this afternoon , the lanzhou city price bureau invited relevant departments to hold a forum on the issue of price limitation for beef .
at the press conference , the bureau of pricing and other departments jointly issued a single - price restriction , mainly because the price increase in the beef price was too big , which exceeded the general capacity of the residents to bear .
it is reported that the price of cattle has risen by 20 percent , and data statistics show that since the early 1980 's , the bull price in lanzhou has risen for the first time , with the shortest rate and the biggest increase .
" the government 's action is to take into account the economic capability of ordinary residents in the region , and the maximum price for our departure is to be investigated by the cost , " said director of the lanzhou city commodity bureau .
on 26 february , the lanzhou city bureau of commodity price control , the jiaochang municipal bureau of health , and four other departments jointly issued a maximum price for the bull meat , and the news was revealed , which triggered a strong concern .
it is understood that the purpose of the forum is to extensively solicit opinions from various circles and to solicit opinions and suggestions on specific management measures for the next step , while it is also disclosed that lanzhou will hold a news conference tomorrow .
this will be the first time that lanzhou city held a news conference on the bull price hike incident .
china development council : stop activities for three months
chinanews , july 11 according to news from the website , on 9 july , the cdc made a decision on halting activities in china 's regions .
the penalties show that the china regional development council has the following illegal acts : a carelessness is collected for a fee for a non - member unit by using a xx xx .
according to an investigation , the standard for a thousand members of the " zi yuan " is 2yuan a year . from june to february 2007 , the number of members who opened a total of 20 units to over 20 units was higher than that of a unit member . the amount of money paid by the other family is less than 80 yuan per yuan . the amount of money spent by the organ is less than 80 million yuan . the amount of fees collected from the organ is seriously violating the relevant regulations .
article 33 of the " regulations on registration and management of social organizations " stipulates that according to section 1 , item ( 8 ) , the society shall make a deadline for the organization to halt its activities for three months , and seal , according to law , the relevant articles of the society and others .
the rok government hopes to speed up the process of denuclearization on the peninsula through the six - party talks
chinanews , july 12 - according to a report by the korean union , the south korean government expressed concern over the meeting of the heads of the delegations to the six - party talks , which will begin in beijing on 18 july .
a spokesman for the ministry of foreign affairs and trade of the republic of korea ( rok ) said on 12 june that at the meeting of the delegation of the six - party talks , leaders expressed hope that the talks would be held as soon as possible to discuss the initial steps and implement the next phase measures and the concrete and substantive plan for the talks , so as to accelerate the process of denuclearization on the korean peninsula .
the commentary also said that as the core of the dprk nuclear issue , the chinese government will make efforts to rapidly and successfully realize the denuclearization of the korean peninsula and will continue to play a positive role in this regard , and will cooperate closely with the countries concerned .
officials reveal that the beijing olympic games are hopeful to create the number of countries and regions participating in the games
chinanews , july 16
xinhua news agency , beijing olympic organizing committee 's international department deputy director wang shilin disclosed on the 14th that the beijing olympic organizing committee will send a letter to the 205 ioc members next month to participate in the olympic games .
he said that without any unexpected events , the beijing olympic games will be the most important olympic games in the history of the countries and regions that have participated in the games .
the report said that from 10 to 12 june , wang shilin , on behalf of the beijing olympic organizing committee , briefed the pan - american sports organization on the progress of the beijing olympic games , including building a " xizang " transportation company , which is also building a " xizang " .
wang shilin said : the various member countries and regions of the pan - american sports organization have shown great enthusiasm for participating in the beijing olympic games . all 42 members have confirmed that they will participate in the olympic games in beijing next month .
it is learned that at this meeting , the international olympic committee and the beijing olympic organizing committee will formally invite 205 members of the international olympic committee to participate in the olympic games in the " shengzhen " .
( gao peng , yang limin )
wang yan 's condition improved , " insisting on " sitting on a stool and stool and the muscle - actors restoring " two levels "
huyan wang has already been able to sit on the stove , but she cannot be too long , and her feels sorry . yesterday , the director of the zhejiang sports bureau 's special office , wu xigui , told the reporter that
wang yan , who was injured in the competition , continued to improve , and the situation of her injuries was improving . among them , the muscle of the left 's upper lims was restored and over 10 days ago , she was elevated to a grade of two .
this month , wang yan , from the shanghai no . 6 hospital , transferred from the shanghai no . 6 hospital to the special hospital . when she was in need of the ward , her right - hand muscle - muscle - 2 to 3 , and left - foot - and - mouth muscle - 1 .
in the past half months , wang yan 's upper limbs muscle - muscle has taken a further turn for the better .
doctors said wang yan 's muscle has reached more than four degrees , more than the normal level of five , and his left muscle is also at more than three degrees . wu xigui said .
that is to say , in less than half a month , wang yan 's upper limbs muscle muscle , restored the class two .
in front of the stead , wang yan has been able to stay in bed for five minutes with the help of a doctor .
the hospital rehabilitation experts originally planned to let wang yan to receive medical treatment under the protection of the rehabilitation beds at the end of last week .
however , according to the situation of the restoration of wang yan at the present stage , the contraction rehabilitation training had to be postponed for the time being .
wu xianqin said that wang yan 's current training mainly takes a role in a basel , but she can still hold a single - club stool on the stool , but still cannot sit too long for a long time .
venezuelan president says it will cut high - level civil service pay
chinanews , july 23 - - based cnp . cn , president venezuela made a speech on the domestic and foreign policies of venezuela on the 22nd .
he said that the substantial reduction in civil service pay was a significant reduction .
he also said that if foreigners from venezuela attack the venezuelan government , they will face serious consequences and will be expelled .
zou ordered government officials to closely monitor the remarks made by foreigners during their visit to venezuela , and found that anyone who openly criticized him or the venezuelan government would expel him from the country .
in a televised speech on the evening of 22 may , he said that venezuela cannot tolerate foreigners running to her home to make a fuss about it .
in his speech , he also pointed out that the government will substantially cut the wages of senior civil servants .
he said that the highest wages of venezuelan public servants cannot exceed the $ per month .
it is learned that in venezuela , the monthly income of some poor people is $ 0.6 .
the move has become a common practice in the reduction of civil service wages in latin american countries and has won the support of the broad masses of the people .
the leaders of peru , qiguanga , and other countries all cut their own wages .
huxiang also said that cuban leader castro reminded him to take note of the actions that the united states commands .
he said that carter presented a book to him by the former director of the central committee of the united states , " a memoir , " please see what the cia has set of stabs of all kinds of , but not all kinds of , shutdown . "
the hearing of the case of ' thumbs ' was concluded yesterday .
last night beijing time , the international federation of automobile movement council held a special hearing on the falelli technology espionage case in paris , and the summoned mai kai wheeled off a calamity : the council decided not to impose a temporary penalty on mai kai .
the international automobile federation 's official website issued a statement after the hearing , saying that the three - day conference of the world federation of automobile groups , namely , the voluba international , the volumina , was held in raley , but there is no sufficient evidence to show that the information was improperly used in the international automobile united first class competition , and that would be used for the world championships . therefore , it will not be punished .
however , the falali technology espionage case has not been drawn over .
the council also said in the decision that if it is found that the truck will be found in the future , the relevant information of fatah will be used for the championships , we reserve the right to request mai kai to return to the hearing rights of the automobile sports council then , and they may face the challenge of being penalized by abolishing the qualification for the 2007 , or even 2008 olympics .
before the mai kai wheel , the former chief designer of the mai kai , who had been suspended , was found to have possessed nearly 800 pages of falelli technical documents , including the design of the lara 2007 vehicle , the driving force for building a modern , scientific testing , testing , development , and operation of the qizhong , etc.
before mai kai 's turtle , no other people knew about the information .
( wang yuan )
experts believe that the insurance for the magnate will not be diverted into domestic stock market funds in the short term
chinanews , july 30
according to a report by china securities news , the " interim procedures on management of investment in foreign countries " recently came into effect , and insurance funds have broader space for use in the capital market .
liu lefei , chief investment officer of china 's coffee company , held that the appreciation of the renminbi and the good development of the domestic capital market will not be able to make investment through the purchase of foreign exchange , and this also means that the funds outside the border will not be diverted to the domestic stock market in the short term .
the report said that many insurance institutions hold the same view .
experts said that because there is no such product market at present , insurance institutions are not in sufficient risk - evasion means , so the time is not ripe for a large - scale purchase of foreign exchange .
liu lefei said : in terms of asset allocation for a long time , foreign investment should account for a certain proportion of the overall allocation of insurance companies .
however , in view of the pressure of the renminbi 's greater appreciation , china will mainly use its own foreign exchange funds to carry out overseas investment .
in terms of foreign exchange purchase and foreign investment , we should deal with it carefully under the present circumstances .
( still shang )
china 's ministry of health said in a statement that china has directly lost 52.5 billion yuan in losses in flood prevention and drought control this year
this reporter has learned from the national general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control that as of july , 181 million mu of nationwide feed were affected , of which 54.4 million mu were killed in the disaster , 1.19 million were affected by the disaster , 652 were killed in the disaster , 45.5 million yuan in the housing was directly lost , and 55.5 billion yuan in economic losses were directly caused by the floods .
the drought - hit area of 1.4 - billion mu of farmland is caused by the drought , which has no choice but to feed the people .
in july , the national general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control made an emergency plan in view of the current grim situation in flood prevention and drought control .
the general headquarters for flood prevention in all provinces along the huai he and the general headquarters for flood prevention have strengthened their efforts to step up the guard of the water during the retreat , and seize the victory in flood prevention .
the state general headquarters of flood prevention and drought control and the ministry of agriculture and other departments have dispatched three working groups to respectively flood prevention and drought control lines and drought control areas .
currently , the work of preventing the flood is being carried out in an orderly and intense manner , and normal operation of the donghe river , hong xinhe also put into practice the " three provinces of jiangsu , anhui , henan , henan , henan .
the dry currents are not big .
according to the plan , jiangxi and other provinces have launched an emergency response to drought fighting and drought - fighting work is now being carried out in an orderly manner .
( reporter : mr zhao )
chen shui - bian 's covert criticism of the inability of the judiciary to run in the election of the " court of justice " denies and demands an explanation .
chinanews , july 30 chen shui - bian questioned on the island 's judicial personnel 's attempt to intervene in the taiwan region 's leadership election .
the administrative yuan of taiwan 's sushi kao kao kao chiao said on the same day that the current performance of a judge on the island is inconsistent with what chen shui - bian said , and he also asked chen shui - bian to explain his explanation .
according to taiwan 's " imperial " report , chen shui - bian questioned the judges or investigators on 30 may . he was involved in the incident because of political factors or the election considerations , and even attempted to influence the election activities of the candidates of various political parties . he said he hoped that this phenomenon would not exist in taiwan , but it is very difficult to do so .
in view of chen shui - bian 's doubts , taiwanese head of the xuan xuan xue yue refused to respond , and the secretary general fan kuang , the secretary general , fan kuang , and gao jinzhi , representative of the judicial organs , spoke at the meeting .
gao jinzhi said that the fundamental law and code of judges on taiwan 's part have clearly declared that judges should go beyond the party 's political party and that they should not participate in party activities or in the election , and that judges are very cautious about the relevant observations and the judicial organs believe that judges are very cautious about the matter .
gao jinzhi pointed out that chang shengxi , a judge from the kaohsiung high school , was a student of the kaohsiung university a few years ago . because the relevant curriculum has a political party color , it has decided to form a self - discipline committee for judges .
zhang shengxi once wanted to take part in the dpp 's xuan [ name as transliterated ] election , but he also decided to give up the final decision because he was involved in the controversy over taking part in the election .
gao jinzhi held that if a case is tried in case , if there is a case at the court level , it cannot be judged by the outcome of the judgment alone , and that is to say , the judge should not have political intentions .
germany to lower import threshold for professional talent
the first joint operation of the " blue sea " was launched in berlin , july 1 , by reporter huaicheng wang
a few days ago , german minister of education and scientific research shavo scowdhury said that germany should reduce the restrictions on the introduction of foreign professionals in the " code of ethics " and solve the problem of specialized talent facing germany through increasing the restrictions on the introduction of foreign professionals .
according to the oecd report , germany 's labor force for 15 to 64 will decline year on year .
if there is no enough immigrants , then germany 's labor will be down by 6percent as compared with the present number .
however , the german employers ' federation and the german engineers ' association have shown that in germany , there are more skilled workers in the labor market .
according to statistics from the german federal labor bureau , the number of engineers supplied by german engineers in the labor market was about 170,000 , and the technicians provided 9600 people .
germany has set up a relatively high standard for the introduction of foreign talent in order to protect its own employment .
the german " imperial method " stipulates that professionals in non - eu countries are not allowed to be less than 8.55 million euros in germany , otherwise they cannot obtain the permission of working and living in germany .
shalom suggested that this limit be lowered to the original euro .
do not have superstition in law ,
the " law on lawyers " amendment bill , which was recently submitted to the npc standing committee for deliberation , stipulates that those who have engaged in specialized work such as legal research on tibetan studies and teaching , who have high - grade or similar professional standards , applied for practising by lawyers , and those who have applied for the law enforcement profession may be subject to the examination and verification by the judicial and administrative departments of the state council .
( june 28 , " china 's imperial " )
there are those who have a theoretical character and a practical and realistic perspective in law , and the difference between the rich and poor , the former mainly includes those who have a sense of responsibility , such as legal aid , legal aid , and specific behavior , such as legal consultation service .
for a long time , there are many problems in the theoretical field , such as the theory of ' one country , two systems ' , the lopsided , and the theory circles , which held that the actual operations are not in need of the need to be done . the only thing is that the ' three represents ' are the western regions .
the legal can do what is to maintain the difference in division of labor , not to support any party by using a single reference .
however , the " law of lawyers " is a " imperial " , but objectively speaking , it recognizes the legal obligation of the legal theoretical circles as being above the legal entities and the people 's living quarters .
in fact , some people who engage in research and teaching on theories such as the law of the legal system and the law of the international law are also closely related to legal practice .
in this way , the ' xuan ' [ name as transliterated ] , no doubt , has created an extremely bad situation for the discretionary powers of the legal - service workers ' profession , which has affected extremely good , bad , and bad , but bad .
the superstition in the theoretical circle is not only that , but also not all that , for example , experts and experts ' arguments will affect or even veto court judgments , and this is also a direct manifestation of superstition .
china encourages chinese ships to fly to the sea
reporter : feng lei
according to a briefing held by the state council , china will implement the " china - funded international shipping corporation special registration policy " on 1 july this year , encouraging chinese - funded vessels to return to china and register with them , and obtaining the prc 's approval for shipping and sailing on a boat .
in order to further promote the healthy development of china 's maritime shipping industry , the strengthening of the national wheel is aimed at the fact that a considerable number of ships are registered and hanging foreign flag operations in china 's offshore areas , the ministry of communications recently issued a " circular on implementing the special registration policy for chinese - invested international shipping shipping " , which explicitly provides the conditions and procedures for the special case to enjoy the special case and the application procedures .
the application for a ship can be chosen from shanghai 's shangyang city 's shangdong province to register as a ship registration port .
britain to lower levels of terrorist attacks
london , 5 jul ( xinhua ) -- by reporter lin guo
british government cut down the level of terrorist attacks from the highest level to the serious level of the qin dynasty , saying that the terrorist attacks in britain will soon occur , but there is still a possibility that attacks are still imminent .
at present , the british police are shifting the investigation scope to india and australia .
the eight suspects arrested were all working in the medical system , and the government will provide a complete set of information on the background of the migrants who have entered the medical system .
it is learned that some people working in the british public health system are receiving medical treatment overseas .
the prime minister also asked to investigate the background of high - tech immigrants , and employers or relevant organizations will be asked to provide background information .
do n't let business take a pity .
the tourist coincidence is to relax the imperial burden of the emperor , to the maximum extent , to enjoy the fruits of the natural and social civilizations .
but many people have encountered such a kind of anger , a kind of worry , and a shock of shang shang and a intermediary business .
whether it is a car or a train , the truck will always be subject to the dying of a small dealer and some non - authentic intermediary .
it is not selling a variety of newspapers and magazines without a license , and then many unqualified intermediary newspapers and journals , such as beverages , beverages , and false testimonies .
if you do not accept it , he can chase you for several hundred meters , and it is much more unsuccessful to become benevolent .
in some of the cold , many , many , and some kind of , the same feeling .
if we do not enter the gate , people will come to the tourist , the little bit of the brush .
after entering the door , this situation will be more , and the good yaxing will also be bluffed and blufffed .
some media reports said that many foreign tourists visiting xi'an were not surprised at the monument of xi'an but they were not happy about allowing more piles of small businessmen to sell them everywhere .
they include the haphazard of the station , the solar , the original , the original , and the areas of the bicycle , the need to be civilized , calm , and harmonious , and give a graceful environment for the heart .
the free sheep of the business dealer , the disturbance of the shang , and the heart of the business , objectively speaking , undermined these kinds of public order , forming a public order which is polluted and polluted by pollution and environmental pollution , and also providing conditions and opportunities for the business community .
what is important is that these pieces of shrubs are the windows for the building of local spiritual civilization . the damaged ones are not just the image problems , but also the impact on local economic development .
just imagine , if you want to become a strong tourist industry , you will use this kind of chaotic and mess tourist environment to greet the guests from south to north . who is willing to come , who can still dare to come ?
how can your tourist economy obtain benefits ?
with the arrival of the peak tourism season , a civilized tourist environment will be created for tourists from southern and northern parts of the country .
the market is not the market , and the operation of small business hawkers should be standardized . the business of unlicensed operation should be resolutely abolished , and illegal activities should be resolutely cracked down .
only by so doing can we feel happy and make a living in an orderly environment of civilization and order .
let 's take a pack of a bit .
prc : renmin ribao article says ' not ' self - motivated ' to give awards
the construction of roads in dongcheng district in beijing is used as a method of providing electricity , such as giving electricity to others , and as a reward to 12 households who have voluntarily retired .
( beijing daily , 10 july )
i am pleased to see the improvement in the living conditions of these families , but i have a lot of complaints about the proposal of withdrawing from the initiative to back the bitter cold and the method of giving awards to the people .
deputy director of the jianxiang street office said that in view of the problem of fraud and low protection , encouraging the initiative to voluntarily withdraw from insurance is a model for other low - income households .
this example is to encourage other low - income people to extricate themselves from difficulties through their own efforts , and it is indeed worth advocating , and if they want to use this as a pretext to call back those people who have been cheated for long - term protection , then they are not exempted from being naive .
in the work of differentiating and sorting out the poor households , it is more dependent on the law .
relevant departments should strengthen the protection of the minimum allowable income for the elderly who have to perform their obligations when enjoying the minimum allowable income : they should report on the changes in family members and their income , report on employment , and accept reexamination on a regular basis , while relevant departments should intensify their supervision and inspection .
after all , it is only a long - term plan to withdraw from the law .
the street has given a reward to the family who has given a guarantee to the family .
as a primary government organization , streets are spending on funds .
the taxpayer should not have a blanket of money ?
on the one hand , withdrawing from the low - income families has proved that they have possessed a certain self - sufficient self - sufficient capability , and on the other hand , do they still apply for low - income insurance ?
the government 's financial appropriation , which is called relief funds , should be used to provide relief supplies in the snow rather than to add flowers to the moon .
liu tingyi is willing to serve as a service provider .
on 10 july , the first county in the whole country elected by public as a public - owned , liu yunlan , in mulan town in xindu district , was granted the fourth democratic election after taking office . the rate of manual satisfaction reached 97.7 percent .
during the dialogue between the reporter and liu , liu dianyi defined himself as a model of a thief service .
( yesterday 's " beijing news " )
liu tentang 's ' thumbs ' service may be more than those who appoint cadres who are called ' thickness ' than some others , but they are more true and have a bit more uncomfortable .
the most important part of the system of directly nominated candidates is that the former is decided by ordinary party members , and the latter is mainly appointed by higher - level organizations , and the direction of the source of power determines that the former must be responsible to the people .
the source of power and who should be responsible are the fundamental factors that determine how the elected person should carry out their work .
some people doubt this kind of democracy , but the imperial democracy is like a lackey .
my view is that there is such a democratic way of shame , which is better than that of a poor form .
taking into consideration the history and current situation of china 's grassroots democratic political building , i think direct election is a major breakthrough , and democracy is a " trump card " of the important part of the effort to promote democracy at the grassroots level .
india hopefully holds first female presidential analyst , saying that it is more likely to be elected , and female voters hope that it will raise the status of women
on 23 june , paechi was in front of the presidential candidate 's document .
the curtain of the indian presidential election began on the 19th . the new president will hold a meeting with the president in the state of lashkar pranab , a state of lashkar , who was resigned not long ago .
pagang is the first female presidential candidate in indian history . if she is elected , she will be the first female president in india 's baseball .
pagou is a candidate for the ruling national congress party , while shevatt comes from the opposition party party .
because the congress party has a dominant position in the presidential election , the media and the people are all worried about the possibility of being elected by pachachang .
the 72 - year - old pangba is the head of the lashkar .
her husband , yang , has rich experience in the congress and has a lot of experience . during her term as president of lagar state , she was under the government 's jurisdiction .
she also devoted herself to social welfare , which is the honorary chairman of many cultural and social welfare organizations .
analysts pointed out that the reason why paihu became a candidate was because she had always been a member of the indian national congress party , sonia gandhi .
in india , the gandhi family has long controlled the ruling national congress party .
p'zi was supported by a large number of female voters , and the voters believed that paghaitan would play a role in the image of a female woman who discriminated against the serious slap of the female concept of a female , and raise the status of a woman .
the constitution stipulates that india is a federal state , and the president is the head of state and a coordinator of the president , and does not represent any party organization , and more is a symbol .
( yen ling ' i )
us supports palestinian government 's expulsion of extremists
xinhua news agency , washington , july 22 , by reporter qisheng xu
us president bush said on 21 march that the united states will fully support the pakistani government 's move of sending the qigong organization and the thugs from the border area between pakistan and afghanistan .
bush said in a weekly broadcast that on the same day that according to the new us intelligence , the al-bashir organization found a hiding structure in the border between pakistan and afghanistan .
he expressed great concern over this .
bush said that the united states will continue to support pakistani president musharraf and believes that musharraf will persist in waging a struggle with the basic and the militants .
the us " national intelligence assessment " report recently pointed out that the muslim armed organization is particularly a bashar organization , which is a bent organization , but still poses a threat to the united states .
mashariqa and some leaders of the bahamas and the northern region reached a consensus on preventing the spread of missionaries and organizations at the provincial level , which was reached last september .
these trifles are not willing or have no ability to safeguard the security of the region .
in his early - stage receptions , bush said that musharraf was taking positive steps to correct this mistake .
us hopes dprk nuclear issue agreement will be fully implemented
xinhua news agency , washington , july 24 , by reporter qisheng xu
us assistant secretary of state for north korea nuclear issue us chief representative christopher hill said on 23 june that the six - party talks on the north korean nuclear issue held last week were very important , and that the first meeting had made real progress , but this was just a preliminary action for implementing the agreement .
the united states very much hopes that the " joint statement of 9 / 19 " and " joint document of 2.13 " on the resolution of the dprk nuclear issue can be completely implemented .
" we are willing to work together with the dprk to achieve the goal of completely resolving the dprk nuclear issue by the end of this year , " he said at a press conference here today .
he hoped that all parties concerned would fully fulfill the commitments made by the six - party talks on the korean nuclear issue within one year .
the two sides also exchanged views on the issue of energy and other issues , and agreed to hold talks on the dprk 's nuclear issue , the dprk 's nuclear program , the dprk 's nuclear program , and the dprk 's nuclear program .
climate change leads to rapid reduction of albert 's glacier
the " dongguan " ( reporter liu jun ) of this newspaper in geneva
the swiss academy of sciences ' long - term follow - up research has found that the ruins of the swiss ruins are being reduced at an average rate of 33.0 percent annually in 1850 to 1945 .
the solar cake has caused the melting of 1.88 percent of the belligerent .
experts believe that by the year of 210,000 , if the global temperature rises 3 , the glacier will be slightly smaller than the current level , and if the ice melon increases , the ice sheep will be completely melted .
alechon is the longest european iceberg , which is listed as a world heritage list by the united nations . however , the natural heritage of the region has been reduced by 100 meters by the year 2000 . protecting the basel has come to the basket .
the chart is 23 km - long arachi .
photo taken by liu jun
beijing olympic games ' various consumers ' association proposes
beijing , 30 jul ( jiefangjun bao )
reporter liang jie learned from the chinese consumers association that at the countdown ceremony held on 8 august for the 29 th olympic games , a year is about to be held , the beijing consumer association , the consumer association of consumers ' rights and interests of consumers , the shanghai municipal consumer council , the shanghai municipal consumer association , the shanghai consumer association , the qinhuangqun consumer association , and the hong kong consumer council issued a proposal to consumers in the name of the organization for protecting the rights and
the proposal put forward that from my present backdrop , we should enhance our awareness of the olympic games , learn from courtesy , upgrade our civilization , implement civilized standards , observe social practice , and practice the " one knowledge , gift , and civilization " .
enhance the sense of the green olympics , protect the ecological environment , cherish the fruits of sustainable consumption , and become consumers who advocate green consumption ;
establish the awareness of diligence and frugality , change the concept of consumption , blindly stand on the trivial scale , oppose extravagance and waste , and become a rational consumer with the concept of scientific consumption ;
we should enhance our awareness of consumer rights , take the initiative to participate in social supervision , consciously respect the protection of intellectual property rights , correctly understand rights and obligations , and be consumers who act according to the law and exercise reasonable rights .
we should promote the spirit of being prudent and active in participating in the olympic games , publicize the olympic concept , and be the disseminator of the olympic spirit .
police ' xitong line ' to celebrate hong kong 's return
on 1 july , the police of the jinghai temple in nanjing was once again knocked down and quiet .
this heavy historical resonance resounded by a television station 's xugang line , the mainland and hong kong . the residents of nanjing and hong kong share the same view with the hong kong compatriots on the island . they jointly celebrate the 10th anniversary of hong kong 's reversion to the motherland .
ten years ago , on july 1 , the nanjing jinghai temple in nanjing resounded the 55 th police world in the air over the qiaotan building . it was a cannon for ceding hong kong island as a place for the history of hong kong .
not big showers , people from all walks of life in nanjing gathered together . they said that they would try to raise the alarm through their own coffin , and never forget their own history .
chung ling - shih is 1.82 metres tall and the 1842 - was the period when the " nanjing treaty " was erupted .
the shoulder is 1.997 metres high , but the feather of the hong kong handover is a feat of the shoulders of the hong kong handover .
the man who plotted and knocked down the world alarm back then explained that the five lines of " shang wan " , which were used by the high - sculpture of the bronze bell , two dragon heads to set up a fire on the dragon , and symbolized that hong kong is the motherland 's sacred sculpture of the imperial throne .
the first democratic party that proposed the construction of the police world in those years , yu xiadong , said in a sense that the xizang [ name as transliterated ] , hong kong 's return to china has been 10 years old . he hoped that hong kong will be able to enjoy a bright future as it is a good and bright future as it is .
( end ) ( zhu xiaoying and liu yang )
russia 's security bureau accused the oligarchy of " conspiring " to launch
the russian oldest man in exile in london , bovolkov , announced on 2 july that the russian federal security bureau had formally raised a new charge on his litigants , accusing others of plotting the state by using the united states for planning the country for a scheme , attempting to use force to seize the russian regime .
borovkov pointed out that in an interview with the british newspaper " guardian " reporters in april this year , borgovsky announced that he was prepared to launch a " imperial " movie in russia and confirmed that he had provided financial support to the right - wing elite representatives who opposed the authorities ' policies .
the russian federal security bureau 's reconnaissance bureau immediately issued a warning against the use of force for reference in article 278 of the " russian federal criminal law , " and recently officially issued a notice to the moscow sadevich court .
it has been learned that in february 2006 , the russian federal procuratorate instituted a criminal charges against other countries . based on the same facts , the oligarchy confirmed in an interview that it was attempting to seize the russian regime by force .
for the time being , he has been exiled abroad and has been unable to extradite , and the russian side temporarily suspended the investigation in january 2007 .
on 2 july , the moscow sareviyev court began to hear another criminal case involving an oligarchy . the russian general procuratorate accused leezza leezovsky of swallowing 214 million rubles of funds from russian airline company , washing 16 million rubles of money . after hearing , the court decided to postpone the investigation into this case until 12 july . here , the defendant appointed a state lawyer .
bob thinks these are all imperial , and clearly prohibiting the participation of his defending lawyers .
( bi yuan )
guangxi 's ' responsibility ' post being investigated for 619 people
since the beginning of this year , various localities and departments in guangxi have launched activities to improve the administrative efficiency of organs under the leadership of the organs , and implemented the system of holding accountable persons on top of the responsibility system , the system of " three items " and the 33 key examination and approval departments directly under the autonomous region have been incorporated into the administrative supervision network .
so far , 619 people have been investigated and prosecuted for their responsibility .
the reporter learned from the discipline inspection commission of the qinshan autonomous region on 5 july that guangxi has initially formed a system of administrative efficiency supervision work network for the administrative efficiency supervision work of the city 's qilong county , and strengthened supervision over the responsibilities of key departments . the electronic supervision system of the 14 cities has all been linked to the regional network .
the regional administrative efficiency electronic monitoring system directly links with the 33 key links that involve the investment environment and the production and life of the people and the 33 key examination and approval departments of the autonomous region directly subordinate to the autonomous region , further standardizes the examination and approval behavior , and enhance the efficiency of examination and approval .
at the same time , discipline inspection and supervision organs at all levels in guangxi have seriously investigated and dealt with cases that involve work style and neglect the interests of the masses . so far , they have investigated and verified 1, and have uncovered 769 cases , and held accountable 619 units of 584 units .
on 5 june , ma jiantong , a member of the standing committee of the party committee , said that supervision over administrative efficiency is a work that has always been carried out in administrative activities , and a long - term mechanism should be gradually formed .
guangxi should further improve and standardize various kinds of administrative management and establish and improve the working mechanism and support mechanism for supervision of administrative efficiency , and include efficiency supervision in the institutional track of reform , further standardize the supervision and inspection procedures , improve the mechanism for handling complaints , and improve the mechanism for assessing achievements , intensify the efforts to investigate and affix responsibility , and strictly implement the system of accountability and the system of setting limits on time .
( reporter wang lifang )
nato does not rule out the possibility of cooperating with the united states on the issue of the abm system
nato news officer simona delescu said in an exclusive interview with xinhua on 9 november that it is not excluded the possibility of linking the us anti - missile system with nato 's self - defense system .
simona de mansson said that nato is currently studying the us anti - missile plan , and he hoped that the us anti - missile base will cover all its european allies .
" nato has its own theater missile defense system and has started to discuss the establishment of a strategic missile defense system , " she said .
she also said that the issue of the united states building an anti - ballistic missile system in europe will be exchanged with russia through various channels in a timely manner .
( reporter ding yinsun xicai )
two jordanian people sentenced to death for planning attacks on us
two jordanian men were arrested on 11 april for planning attacks on us in jordan .
the two men , both aged 25 , were a man named " a man " , a man named yang harry , and were sentenced to eight years of imprisonment for plus forced labor service . the other man , shao shou , hada , was sentenced to imprisonment for plus work for three years .
the court said that huali was also charged with illegal possession of dubious cannabis , and when searching his xx , police discovered a pickpocket .
the court decided to sentenced hotta to life imprisonment for life , and then took into consideration the opportunity of a feat - like maize to him , which would be reduced to eight years .
the indictment said that the two defendants decided to provide the us with a huge amount of money for those muslims who were humiliated by the american people after the outbreak of the iraq war .
in august 2006 , they shot a girl named " a man living in anger " in the capital of jordan , but was arrested by police before the attack .
the indictment did not make public the identity of this american .
the indictment also accused the two defendants of planning to attack other americans , but did not reveal any specific details .
( reporter su xiaobo )
the number of reports that triggered bad reactions by diabetes , brunei , has increased sharply .
according to a report by the us media on the 15th , the number of reports on bad reactions such as the diabetes drug , the diabetes , and other malaria has recently increased sharply in the united states .
the us food and drug administration issued a safety warning in may this year , proposing diabetes to be cautious in using diabetes because scientists had already published a research report on may 21 , " xin jiao " , saying that this kind of drug sales would greatly increase the incidence of illness and the incidental rate of the patients and the population of the chronic heart disease .
wen di yahoo has therefore been closely watched by doctors and patients .
statistics show that in about one month after the issue of a safety warning , the us drug authority received 357 examples of the adverse response , 38 of which were from the dead .
in january and february this year , the bureau received only 50 and 73 non - performing reports respectively .
these bad reactions were less than the foam and weighed down to the death of sudden head of heart attack .
however , the drug expert of the us drug administration believes that the conclusion of the insecure conclusion of the didiyah is too early .
the authority will hold a meeting on july 30 on wendi 's yachts .
in 1999 , the imperial writing diao was a pancrecrecreed for increasing the dosage and applies to treating the imperial diabetes .
about 6 million diabetes patients have taken or are taking it .
wen di 's grenade , britain 's greenspan , has always thought wen diego is safe and is more than a carelessness for the patient .
us to reopen mideast peace talks
us president bush delivered a speech in washington on 16 november , calling for a international conference on the palestine - israel issue to be held in autumn this year , inviting israel 's bastion of some arab countries and other countries in the region of palestine to join in promoting the reopening of the middle east peace process .
on 17 november , bush also called egyptian president mubarak , king no . 2 of jordan , and king of saudi arabia , respectively , asking them to respond positively to the proposal and to support the president of the palestinian national authority abbas with actual deeds to help the palestinians and israelis resume peace talks at an early date .
abbas says palestine 's central committee to discuss palestinian - israeli elections
on 18 november , abbas , chairman of the palestinian national authority , said in ramallah that the two - day meeting of the central committee of the palestinian liberation organization ( plo ) opened on that day , and the meeting will discuss the issues of holding an early election of the palestinian national authority and the legislative council .
abbas met with the eu foreign and security officials responsible for foreign affairs and security affairs at the presidential palace on the same day and said at a joint press conference held afterwards that if the palestinian authority made the decision , the chairman will have the right to release the legitimate rights of the chairman of the council , and such an order will soon be issued .
at the same time , abbas expressed satisfaction with the relationship between the palestinian national authority and the eu .
he said : the palestinian side welcomes the eu 's understanding of the measures adopted by the palestinian presidential office .
abbas urged the eu to continue providing humanitarian aid to the palestinian people in gaza .
he reiterated the eu 's support for abbas and the palestinian people .
he said : the un - sponsored un - located un - located basque united states and russia will hold a meeting on 19 february to discuss the question of reopening the middle east peace process . the next few days there will be a proposal .
the eu has a positive attitude toward the deployment of international troops in gaza , but it still needs to discuss with other parties , especially with the un .
( reporter wang zhiyuan )
jiangxi will present a 30 - year award for health talent in rural areas
for a long time , a large number of medical and technical personnel in the rural areas have paid great labor and living expenses for the grassroots health undertakings and the peasants ' health .
jiangxi province recently decided to conduct a " letter of apology " for 30 years of professional and technical personnel in rural areas who have been engaged in rural health work .
according to the jiangxi provincial health department , the medical and health care institute in the township and town health institute run by the government has a special level of junior high - class medical care and above , and specialized health technical personnel at or above the level of sanitation . all those who continue or merge in the township health care unit and the work of the " zhixiang " and mafeng village who have worked in the township health institute for more than 30 years are under the award scheme .
the final calculation time for the first group of people was at the end of july .
in addition to those qualified rural health workers , jiangxi province has not only awarded the honorable title of " honor prize " for rural public health work for 30 years , but also has given priority to giving priority to and giving preferential treatment to those who are assessed in the examination and assessment of the examination .
the examination is solitary and the assessment is based on actual capacity and appropriately relaxes the conditions for scientific research and theses and is not allowed to be tested as a priority after obtaining qualifications .
the jiangxi provincial health department will arrange a certain number of vacation places each year to provide certain funding .
starting this year , jiangxi province will launch a " three year " activity in rural public health work in cities , namely , the year of honorary awards and awards .
( reporter li meijuan )
us defense department reconsidered plan to reduce us troops in europe
a us defense department official said on the 23rd that the us department of defense is reconsidering the plan to cut the number of us troops stationed in europe by about half due to the changes in the iraq war and the world situation .
the us media quoted a defense department official as saying that because the iraq war is still going on and the us - russian and iranian relations have deteriorated , the defense ministry has raised questions about the feasibility of reducing the european military troops .
c . then defense secretary rumsfeld announced that the united states would send troops to europe by 2012 from the original 11.5 to 7.80 , to the building of a single army , which was not a perfect structure , but a small size of troops .
at present , the total number of troops stationed in the united states and europe has dropped to some natives .
however , in june this year , u . s . military european command commander , xuncu , submitted a report to the current defense minister , asking him about the above - mentioned plan .
the report said that while reducing troops , many troops in europe and the united states were transferred to iraq and afghanistan in rotation , thus causing the shortage of us troops in europe and unable to carry out normal cooperation with european allies .
the report suggested that the reduction of us forces in europe be stopped .
relevant us experts believe that the above phenomena show that the long - term pulling of the iraq war has caused the original plan of adjustment of the us military .
china 's foreign trade has increased by a big margin in the past two years , said a senior official of the ministry of foreign trade and economic cooperation ( moftec ) here tuesday .
shandong 's jiaozhou city has launched a special campaign to send a traffic safety film into the community .
qingdao , july 26 ( renmin wang ) ( reporter song xuechun and fan zhongliang )
in order to further deepen the urban civilization construction , the three imperial categories of transportation , enhance the awareness of the rule of law and safety in traffic , and enhance the awareness of obeying the law , the city has raised the awareness of building a spiritual civilization and the law of the people 's republic of china in the city 's qilang city hall , the dongzhou city of the qilang square in the liangzhou city of liyang , jiaozhou , and the beid@@
before the film starts , the xx group will publish the " yifu life protection -- a letter to the general public " and some publicity materials to be distributed to the public and broadcast the " song of life " and " the school road to school . "
the film has caused a panic among the residents , which has been sighted by the residents . one scene of a feeble has played a very important role in warning .
in particular , the special column " on the road to school " has been chosen through the formats of a feat , so that you can understand your kindness and your love , and you have also received profound education .
the film attracted more than 3,500 residents around the square , especially some of the young people and migrant workers who came to jiaozhou , who were sitting at the site , to watch the film with deep relentless interest .
the film " the mountain of shanzi " has been sent to the community through the launching of the activity to send films to the community ( basin ) , so that the public can enjoy the film while they are in nairobi , and receive profound education on traffic safety , and they have been warmly welcomed by the public , especially the new citizens .
the ministry of health said that the national catering industry will gradually implement a system of public health supervision .
in order to better implement the " food hygiene law " and the " state council decision on further strengthening food safety , " the ministry of health has separately held meetings in haidian district , liuzhou city , taitai , jiangsu , hangzhou city , hangzhou city , henan , luoyang , hubei , hubei , hainan province , haixer , lianxiang , sichuan , and other 10 areas in the public health supervision and inspection system .
this system will also gradually become a national anchor .
the system of supervision of the food and beverage industry is established on the basis of supervision on hygiene , the system of management of the day - to - day health of the food and beverage labels , which are the general practice of protecting the food environment in the environment of the environment of the food processing site , the food processing site , the food processing site , and the processing site of the sanitation and processing site .
according to the introduction , the health ministry will adopt the prescribed form of unified and standard method , which includes nine on - site inspections of the health condition , the results of a comprehensive assessment by the ministry of health on - site supervision of the reporting site , the names of the supervision body and the complaint - reporting telephone number of the customer , and the conspicuous location of the gate and entrance of the department or the entrance of the department , so as to understand the condition of the food .
( by reporter hu qifeng )
un security council to extend term of office of peacekeeping forces in ethiopia
the un security council unanimously adopted a resolution on 30 june to extend the un troops stationed in najaf and eritrea ( eeecho ) to six months to january next year .
the resolution demanded that all parties concerned carry out their commitments , exercise restraint , ease the tense situation , avoid provocative military activities , and call on eritan to immediately withdraw its troops and its military equipment from the temporary security zone , and called on the united states to reduce the number of additional military troops deployed in the vicinity of the temporary security zone .
the resolution called on the government to take concrete steps to ensure that the ecuadorian border committee could quickly set the border without a condition and demanded that erita no longer delay the construction of a pagoda and operation without delay , cancel all the restrictions on the operation and operation of the eehe group .
the resolution reiterated its full support for the work of the ecuadorian border committee and expressed appreciation for the committee 's decision to hold a meeting with eritrea and eritrea on september 6 .
in 1998 , the eritrea and the ruins broke out in the border conflict , leaving many people dead .
in june 2000 , ethiopia and eritrea signed a cease - fire agreement in algeria 's capital algiers .
the un has been deploying peacekeeping forces in ethiopia and ecuador since july 2001 to oversee the implementation of the cease - fire agreement between the two countries .
china 's economy has grown rapidly in recent years , said a senior official here thursday .
china to host olympic games in china
chengdu , june 30 ( jiefangjun bao )
xing zhiyuan reporter : to implement the party central committee 's directive on building a harmonious socialist society , and to coordinate with the building of a socialist rural area , the construction of a new countryside , the building of a harmonious society , the new - style of the chinese people , the rich cultural and sports life of the chinese people , the rich cultural and sports life of the chinese people , and the cultural and sports living of the chinese people .
the six - day event attracted 10 county - level men from all parts of the country to participate in the games .
according to the regulations , athletes participating in this competition must be players , aged over 18 .
in the 2006 fiscal year , the number of people registered with the national sports administration 's basketball management center is not allowed to enroll for the competition .
the competition adopted the latest " rules " examined and approved by the china national association for acronym studies . the competition is divided into two stages : preliminary and final .
the competition was jointly organized by the national sports general administration of sports , the chinese academy of sciences , the china federation of international sports travel , and other organizations .
in recent years , the cultural and sports undertakings in shuangliu county , which has a history of twilun county , have successively received awards from advanced counties in the country , such as those from national sports , advanced counties in national sports , and advanced units in sports , among others .
in particular , in the new rural construction , shuangliu county has vigorously carried out the peasants ' sports projects , and has integrated the building of sports facilities with the building of rural sports facilities with the emboldened embankment of the rural areas , built the farms in rural areas , built around the peasants , and made the sports service system cover the rural areas . it has a strong local characteristic , and the peasants are happy to see the local farmers and the farmers participating in the sports
three major functions of modern military uniform
one is the identification function .
different countries ' armies , different arms , different arms , different arms , and different arms , and important signs of the people .
in the military forces of more than 100 countries , although the use of military uniforms is basically the same , no country or military uniforms are completely the same .
second is symbolizing functions .
to a certain extent , uniforms are not only a reflection of the spiritual outlook of a country and a reflection of the national character , but also a concentrated embodiment of the combat capability of a country 's military .
in the three big military uniforms , the pla is the most capable of showing the unique characteristics of the army and the troops , the beautiful scenery , and the best way to display the unique military uniform of the three big uniforms .
third , protection functions .
with the rapid development of new and high - tech weapons and equipment , the enhancement of the comprehensive protection function of new - type equipment has enabled the uniform to have the defensive function of defending against the enemy 's chemical , anti - bacterial radiation , and the adjustment of heat - tied , humid - tuning , and so on , and has become the most important issue in the development of military uniforms .
( shi wei )
the organs of a certain regiment 's party committee have the courage to deal with the problem of imperial seriousness
chengdu , 3 jul ( xinhua ) -- by reporter jiao
qu xirui , a native of qinshan , reported that we can live in a house in the army , and the determination and determination of the party committee of the regiment to clear up the house and the courage of the party committee .
today , more than 10 soldiers from a certain communications training brigade of the chengdu military region were happy to see the scene of the qiongyuan communications regiment . they dared to solve the problem of " fearing no courage to solve the problem by themselves , and were full of respect and demeanor .
in the past few years , with the personnel on the ground , some houses in the building of this unit were occupied by the authorities , causing the cadres to have difficulty in housing and the officers and men have a relatively large opinion on this .
the unit also had clear several housing ratings , and all of them could not be settled because of various obstructions , making this problem an old problem .
if you are bold in competing with the truth , then you will not be able to solve the problem .
after the new party committee leadership reached a consensus , the principal leaders personally set about the thorough cleanup of all problems of illegal occupation of houses .
they are moving on the side of the matter , and are willing to know the truth , and hope that the relevant personnel will be involved in the matter , while talking about the relevant policies and regulations on the application of the economy of the " red army " and " house of representatives " , and expressing the party committee 's firm determination and principled stand .
some of the houses that have houses in other places are unwilling to withdraw from their houses or occupy unoccupied houses , party committees and organs have promptly contacted their units and taken corresponding measures to encourage them to actively cooperate with the troops in their work .
after two months of meticulous work , all households in the shanwei district , who had violated regulations and occupied a house , were moved out as scheduled , and the cadres in the unit were given housing in accordance with regulations .
the party committee of this unit has the courage to deal with tough issues , but has also produced a negative impact . the previous few cadres who were unwilling to cooperate with the organization in distribution , and now they have one after another expressed their willingness to obey the decision of the organization .
chinese military chief meets bangladeshi air force chief
beijing , july 9 ( jiefangjun bao )
zhang shunxing , member of the central military commission and commander of the air force of the central military commission , met here today with chi o'an , chief of staff of the bangladeshi air force .
qiao qingchen said that since the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and bangladesh , bilateral relations have been developing smoothly , with frequent high - level exchanges and friendly exchanges and cooperation in various fields .
both countries have always supported and supported each other in international affairs and in their respective national construction , and have supported each other in supporting each other 's baseless efforts .
china appreciates and thanks bangladesh for its support to china on the taiwan issue , human rights , and tibet issues .
qiao qingchen said that the chinese armed forces value the development of friendly relations with the bangladeshi armed forces , and hope that with the joint efforts of both sides , the two armed forces will further expand the scope and level of friendly cooperation between the two armed forces , strengthen friendly exchanges and cooperation between the air force of the two countries , and raise the friendly and cooperative relations that have been established between the two armed forces to a new level .
the bangladeshi side will make efforts to further develop the friendly relations between the two armed forces , especially the air forces of the two countries .
he reiterated that the bangladeshi government will , as always , adhere to the one - china policy .
before the meeting , qiao qingchen held a welcoming ceremony for the visit .
qi , at the invitation of qiao qingchen , arrived in beijing on 8 july for an official friendly visit to china .
prc : pla daily : designers of military uniform designers
the reporters learned from the beijing office of the pla that from 1 august , the pla units will successively change the military uniform of 7 .
tonight , the chinese military online specially invited the deputy director of the armament department of the pla supplies department , chen jun , deputy director of the armament bureau , and a senior engineer of the institute of equipment under the pla need , su yang , as a guest of china 's website , and the background and process of the creation of the new army by netizens both inside and outside the army .
the two guests are the directly - developed and manufactured by the ' shichang ' model military uniform design .
on the changes in the new uniform , they said that the 7 - style military uniform is a special " 97 - style military uniform " system , which is designed on the basis of 97 - style uniform . in the series of military uniforms , such as " bronze sheets , " the seven - point improvement has been made in several hundred aspects .
the most prominent characteristic of the ' 07 - style uniform ' is that it reflects the requirement of ' putting the functions of a cold - shouldered role , ' and for the first time , the pla 's military has reached the standard for coordinating the three armed services ' coordinated series of ' basel ' [ zhi hui ] , and has marked a historic leap forward in the level of building military uniform .
the two guests also exchanged views on the new type of military uniform , such as the " bryant " , and other issues .
this year 's ceremony was jointly held by the china army network and the xinwen wang network of china 's xinwang .
jingjiang city people 's armed forces platform upgraded to improve quality of military cadres
the " dongguan " of china 's jiangsu province was discovered on 18 june at a meeting held by cadres of jingjiang city , jiangsu province .
this is a scene of the combined efforts of the pla personnel department to give them the actual work of the special troops cadres , and to make efforts to improve the overall quality of the cadres with special skills .
at the beginning of this year , the party committee of the ministry of personnel 's armed forces discovered through investigation at the grass - roots level that some cadres with special skills , such as xx , neck , and holding power , had not put their main energy on the work of armed forces .
for this reason , they have adopted the method of concentrated training of the " three represents " to train specialized military cadres on the basis of training in the name of a local party school , and have worked hard to solve the problem of having a single professional quality for military cadres .
in connection with the central task , they boldly turned over to the military cadres with special skills , and trained their abilities through their posts .
at the same time , they actively coordinated with local organization departments and jointly formulated the " plan for the appointment of military cadres with special skills " , explicitly that the minister of the armed forces must go to the party committee of the armed forces and not hold any other posts .
a mechanism for adjustment and exchange of cadres with special skills has been established to provide a system for the adjustment and exchange of cadres with special skills who are not adapted to the work of armed forces at the grassroots level . comrades who have good comprehensive quality and excellent ability to work should be adjusted and exchanged in a timely manner .
not long ago , chen yisong , director of the armed forces department of the new century 's citrus company , led the militia technical unit to innovate and develop underwater vessels , filled a domestic helpless , and upgraded it to the armed department of the company .
good will be the first to be good .
the 2 - 2 score was reasonable , compared to the 2 - 2 score , and could be accepted by the player .
if the iranian team leads the 2 - 0 team , then it will be equalized by the score , then the feeling for china 's baseball will be very strong , and the morale will be very high .
it can be said that a veteran device is not good at the beginning .
it is often under the situation of being a bit bad and ordinary people think that china 's psychological quality is not perfect .
this is indeed a reason why the feels cannot be so good or bad .
however , judging from today 's competition , it seems that it is not as good as it is .
sun jiao , sun jixiang , zheng jiaozhi , and others , did not say when they were in europe , and li wei - feng and others were also old friends of the sand field . they could see the sand field and their psychological quality could not be any problem .
the iranians are forced to settle down because of this pile of regrets , i am afraid that it will be a mere formality .
the iranian team has been replaced by two men in backward conditions , and the scene has immediately been feared .
in the second half , the effect was not good .
to overcome the problems that cannot be properly handled , we must find the root cause of the problems .
as long as the problems are accurately identified and the methods for correcting the problems are changed , it is probably not difficult to find them .
they fear that they will be in a hurry and will go to hospital in a disorderly manner .
if this is done , it will be a bit more competition , and old problems will still be invalidated , and it will not be possible to talk about the kick that everyone wants to do .
the ministry of public security gave the guangdong border guard hospital the honorary title of " class 2 "
shenzhen , july 18 , by reporter jiao
li guoliang reporting from jingqi : for many years , the guangdong frontier guard hospital has , while doing a good job in providing medical care for the troops , provided assistance to the poor masses , and provided assistance to the people in difficulty .
this morning , the ministry of public security gave the guangdong border defense corps hospital a collective honor citybus ceremony and a report meeting on the advanced deeds of supporting the government and cherishing the people .
the guangdong border defense corps hospital has built a harmonious society as a model of the " three represents " in the phutan , qilong , and jiao'an of shenzhen , which specializes in the treatment of migrant workers , and the medical workers from other places need only pay one yuan in consultation and lodging service , and the surgery fee is worth 80 percent .
the hospital specially provided a rubber service vehicle , which is free of charge to migrant workers , and launched a health care card for migrant workers , which is only seven yuan per month for only seven yuan for the whole family , and a basic medical examination and support .
this measure has benefited more than 12,000 farmers .
starting from the bathing , the hospital also launched a large - scale sweep - 3 drill on the dongshan mountain , a thousand - light light light , and organized people of the eye science class eight times to go to the hospital for medical care and health care in tibet , tibet , jiangxi , yunnan , qinghai , and other places in tibet , where they are sent to the light , and they carry out free operation for the sake of providing free surgery for nearly 3,000 patients .
the armed police force has changed their clothes for seven years starting august 1
the reporters learned from the beijing office of the people 's liberation army ( pla ) that the armed police force will replace the seven - style clothes with the same clothes starting august 1 .
today , this reporter learned from the people 's armed police force 's 7 - style clothing issuance ceremony and the feather - dressing activities that the armed police had changed their uniform uniform uniform , which was a common name of the armed police force , a common chinese courtyard , and a common chinese uniform , which was a common name of the armed police force .
the dress is made up of an olive green , and is being made known to the side of an olive branch green , a pair of arms and pants . the overall design is strong . in designing the number of items , the standard is used as the national costumes standard .
female officers and men , like a pianer , a pellets of the bronze cap , and winter gymnastic unitions , have been changed from a pingtan to a tube - style , a wax - shaped structure in the summer and autumn , and often a pingerprints in the form of a chopper .
the newly added name - class qinqar is the national defense service medal and a rib belt , and the label , the label , which is redesigned , has enhanced the function of garments identification and enhanced the sense of beauty .
armed police 's 7 - style clothing will be changed in three years .
by 1 august 2007 , cadres and the national flag were in synchronous fashion with the pla as a feather cadre and a national flag team , and the staff group of the military orchestra presented gifts , and as cadres and soldiers stationed in the troops , the soldiers of the troops were replaced by the spring and autumn winter uniforms and the symbol of the mountain regions .
prc : pla daily : pla troops recruit soldiers in may , the soldiers of other units were changed into a red pair of red sheep in the spring and autumn .
in october , the emperor was changed into a traditional dress in winter .
in december of 2009 , the soldiers were replaced with winter uniforms .
military training is subordinate to the situation and is gradually changed in the same season .
a certain base of the second artillery corps has begun to operate in a small , nonferrous , and cooperative area .
the reporter learned from the newspaper , xue jian , xu qing , from the small , remote , directly - administered units , the educational organization of educational organizations , which is difficult to hold a battle with a few resources , will become a history of a certain base of the second artillery corps .
the reporter recently learned that after six months of trial implementation , the base issued the " measures for implementing the ' program for ideological and political education ' " to cover all small , scattered , and directly - administered units at the base and has formally operated .
to effectively carry out the " outline of ideological and political education , " the base organized forces to conduct ideological and political education in small , scattered , and directly administered units at the beginning of this year , and conducted in - depth investigations and studies , exerted impacts , and constrained the effect of the time of education on the part of the young people , thus initially forming a new model of education in the cooperative area of small , scattered , and directly administered units .
the specific method of cooperation zones is to break the demarcation line between units and designate one brigade and regiment level unit in a relatively concentrated unit of small , remote , directly administered , and directly administered unit to carry out unified planning and education for theme - related units , which are different from subordinate units , to attend meetings on the near - stage or take the aid of the system of " common narrowness " .
adopt the method of combining " feeding " with " competing for posts " and carry out unified deployment of educational forces , and unified use of educational hardware in the district , sharing of information on the educational experience of each unit , sharing the experience of education , and organizing regular regular meetings to organize regular reporting on typical cases in the district to exchange views with officers and men on study and exam .
the establishment of the ' yang - class ' and ' yang - class ' personnel in each cooperative area .
on this basis , various coordination zones have also established a system of difficult problems to help solve , such as reporting and assessing the urgent ideological situation of the cpc and the cpc .
zhang shengmin , director of the base 's political department , told this reporter that building a coordinated area for political education has reduced the waste of educational resources and deepened the effectiveness of education .
some political fears are not dismissed in front of the officers and men of foreign units , and they have taken the initiative to learn new knowledge to explore new methods of conducting education .
officers and men who have received education are also actively involved in this education , fearing that they would speak out outside when discussing and analyzing issues from officers and men of their neighboring units .
such a pity , the passion of being influenced by others , has been effectively stimulated .
the quota for a certain detachment of the north sea fleet is all distributed to soldiers .
the " dongguan liu " of the pla navy conducted a drill on 17 july at a certain brigade of the beihai fleet , led by zhang weiliang , deputy chief engineer of a certain brigade of the north china sea fleet , and 31 soldiers working in the long - term battalion happily set foot on the beidaihe - bound railway .
luo xiangming , a class six nco , told this reporter with pleasure : leaders of the regiment care for and care for the troops , so that we are deeply moved . after the soldiers come back , we will definitely work hard .
organizing grassroots soldiers to take part in this group is the first time .
not long ago , yao qingsheng went deep into the grass roots to see that some soldiers in charge of work in carelessly repair work had greatly moved yao qingsheng .
the party committee should care for soldiers and be responsible for the health of soldiers , and yao qingqing said at the party committee on the work .
after studying the decision , the party committee decided to allocate all the quota assigned by the higher level to the battalion to the soldiers on the work line .
the work of a unit of the jinan military region has been made public
jiefangjun bao :
wang weiqin 's special xangqin report : on 25 july , the author saw in a certain unit of the jinan military region : a piece of paper with a military project , which has a military project , a fund for bidding for a non - commissioned officer , a party member , and other important matters , is hung in a show window .
according to su chengsen , political commissar of the pla general political department , this is a concrete measure taken by the ministry to promote the system of opening the affairs to the public .
in order to strengthen the building of party style and clean government , the party committee of this unit formulated the " notice on sensitive issues " of two - way supervision at the grass - roots level of organs , and other measures , urging all major issues that concern the immediate interests of officers and men at the grassroots level to make a decision after making a decision , and acting according to the situation , and also openly publicizing the results of the work procedures and the results of the work .
the unit set up a ' thumbs ' and a large number of ' coffee ' on the screen to collect opinions and suggestions from everyone .
early this year , the construction of the renovation and renovation project of the dormitory building of the soldiers was started . the party committee organs extensively solicited opinions from officers and men before they issued the information for public bidding .
they have saved the funds and won the support of officers and men .
the practice of opening up to the public has brought about a good atmosphere in grassroots work units .
in this unit , grassroots companies , whether in major hot - point and sensitive matters or in small cases to individual descendants , and in the daily expenses of individual people , all persist in making regular public announcements and consciously accept the supervision of the masses .
( international ) research reveals eyebrows and two genes
xinhua news agency , london , july 2 , iceland scientists discovered through study that the risk of the brain of the two types of cells is far higher than that of ordinary people .
according to the latest issue of the " nature " magazine , the research of the caoyan ruins miscellaneous science in iceland has been conducted by researchers from the xx - ray company of iceland , sweden , the united states , and several thousand people in hong kong , china .
the two genes discovered by scientists were a kind of genetic positions similar to those of the important role played in the early part of the heart .
the shock of the room trembled , which was one of the most clinical brains that lost no normal , causing a heart - felt , featherly , urgent , and urgent ' feeble .
according to the " nature , genetic " magazine published on 1 may , the paper of the piano ruthology research company , which is also listed on the 17 th human chromosomosis , has discovered two genetic factors related to the chryosoma , and they have been playing an important role in more than one third of the cases of the prestate .
the study also found that one of the genes is being tested in the risk of human beings being infected with the prelude cancer .
( sports ) us gates may retire after the carl cup
xinhua news agency , marathon , july 3 , venezuela ( by liu jian )
according to a report by the venezuelan media on the 3rd , the 37 - year - old veteran goalkeeper said here in an interview that if the us - chau cup cannot find an appropriate club , then he will choose to retire .
if the four to six weeks after the end of the beauty cup , i still cannot get a high standard team of one - to - two contracts , then perhaps the retirement is a good choice for me .
hugh , with the men 's xingge , de la rua , fell into germany and kelly also left the two multi - player teams that were effective .
although kelly is willing to accept the job , he is obviously not worried about the lower authorities in the competition . he is not worried about his own family . at present , as many as eight teams are intending to invite him for the team .
however , this former japanese prime minister who has served the western cui and deji , said that he would ultimately decide how to be effective by family members , my child was already nine years old . he was accompanied by me in three different countries .
in the gold cup which ended not long ago , kelly played an excellent role and helped the team win the championship .
he was still the head coach of the group , bradley , but he did not have a fist to fight the four opponents , and he was a young guard who was not close to the guard . he simply did not have a phaekeana like argentina 's , argentina 's basra , paraguay , and two matches that he had been guarding .
the next match against columbia , it is very likely that the team and castro will play in the final game in this year 's american cup .
black strawberry smart cell phone to land on chinese market
xinhua news agency report of july 13 th from phoenix to thumbs according to canada 's " global post " , after eight years , the black strawberry ( lc ) of canada 's canadian company ( lc ) , the smart cell phone , which has finally been awarded to china 's market , will finally be listed in china by the end of august .
huxiang , chief executive of xuma , bob sielly , said that he would provide business opportunities to the major cities such as beijing , shanghai , guangzhou , etc.
the " global post " quoted a manager of the beijing office as saying that the black berries 8700g smart cell phones will come to china at the end of august at about $ 700 , and now they have received 5,000 orders .
baucus said that the company 's listing of the honne cell phone last week has made people more and more concerned about the competition of smart cell phones , as an ihone competitor , and black berries are now sold in more than 100 countries around the world .
according to statistics , in the first quarter of this year , there were 1.12 million new users of black strawberry cell phones , and the total number of users has reached 9,000 .
spain : hussein 's wife killed in murders
xinhua news agency report of july 7 from july 7 th from spain 's woman was hit by a dark cloud , she dragged a dark face covered with her fight and found that the culprit was her husband who was the culprit , and the police had arrested him .
according to a report by local media on the 6th , the woman worked in a bakery in valencia city .
one day , a monk man in a shop in her mouth , believed to be a robber , told him to leave in a drawer .
but the man did not take the money , but he chose the woman 's neck and thought about her .
she wants to use a dead - end method to fetch the feather , but that man did not let her down , did n't kick her and pink her neck .
during the struggle , the woman pulled a dark face , but she found that the woman was her husband .
the culprit was arrested by the police .
the victim told the media that she and her husband were in the process of divorce because of inconvenience . they had two children .
thirteen pilots resign from donghang wuhan company to file complaints with over 100 million yuan
xinhua news agency , wuhan , july 11 , by wire ( reporter yang and mi )
thirteen pilots asked to resign , while the dongfang aviation wuhan limited liability company , china eastern airlines , offered as much as 150 - million yuan in compensation , which is the largest amount of compensation so far in hubei province .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee is currently trying the case .
in may this year , 13 pilots of the donghang company successively filed their resignation and were refused by the company .
then , the pilot submitted a proposal to the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee in early june to seek an end to the labor relations with the donghang wuhan company .
after the donghang wuhan company received the notification , it lodged a countercharge , demanding 13 pilots to pay for the compensation of the losses of more than 6 million yuan to more than 10 million yuan , which were caused by the dissolution of labor contracts , and to a negative amount of 1.05 - billion yuan .
it is learned that the contracts signed between the pilot and the eastern airlines on a fixed time labor contract are those that have no fixed term labor contracts , except those with the shaw in labor contracts or those with disability , and the validity of the labor contract will continue to be the legal retirement age of the pilot .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee has handled the case as an appeal and a counterplea , and is expected to end the hearing before 8 august .
germany calls for russia to pass border treaty
xinhua news agency , riga , july 12 ( reporter yang dehong ) - on a visit to michigan , german foreign minister steinmeier called on russia to pass the treaty as soon as possible .
the two sides also exchanged views on the issue of the " east turkistan " issue .
at a news conference held after the talks , steinmeier called on russia to pass the treaty on the latvian - russian border as soon as possible .
steinmeier said that the improvement of relations between the whole region and russia is relatively slow , and the process of signing the treaty has witnessed the progress of pulling russia into the course of development of relations between russia and russia , but the shadow of history may also cause retrogression in the relations between russia and russia , and he hoped that russia can promote the development of bilateral relations through the treaty as soon as possible .
on 27 march this year , after 10 years of negotiations , prime minister jean caviar and russian prime minister yuri konov signed the border treaty in moscow .
on 17 may , the latvian parliament passed the latvian - russian border treaty .
according to the report by the belgian media , the russian parliament will vote on the treaty in the near future .
dprk , rok to hold six - party talks
pyongyang , july 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to establish a new round of six - party talks on the korean peninsula nuclear issue in the next few days
military representatives from the dprk and the rok held military talks in panmunjon on 16 june . both sides agreed to hold the sixth round of talks on the sidelines of the talks between 24-26 june .
according to a report by the central news agency , dprk military representative shang linzhu put forward a proposal for the construction of the project of the " red army " between the yanping island of north korea 's western waters and the bailing island , and explained in detail the reason for the proposal .
he said : in establishing a common area , we must implement the principle of seeking common prosperity and benefits for the nation as much as possible , and safeguarding peace and stability .
on the boundary issue between the two sides , pak linzhu said that in order to prevent the two sides from having military conflicts in the western sea area , the two sides should give up their respective maritime boundaries , recognize each other , respect each other 's territorial integrity , and treat the relevant agreements reached between the dprk and the rok as the basis for consultation .
he said that the timely formulation of military support measures to promote cooperation and exchanges between the dprk and the rok is a chip that the dprk military has always adhered to .
he said : the rok side should adopt military measures to safeguard the dprk 's nongovernmental vessels from haizhou port .
this is the second joint meeting between the dprk and the rok on military affairs held recently after 10 june .
the fifth round of the dprk - rok summit was held in the yongtu triumphant hall on the side of panchu from 8 to 11 may .
( international ) modern automobile denies intending to buy wolfowitz
seoul , july 18 ( xinhua ) a spokesman for the hyundai motor company said in seoul on july 18 that the company had no intention of purchasing any brand of wolfowitz or cnc on the 18th .
the " sunday times " and the " new york times " both reported the possibility of selling volvo .
the sunday times even said in its report that the hyundai automobile company is the potential for wolowero .
a spokesman for hyundai motor company said that we do not have any interest in purchasing wolong , or the tiger , but that is busy implementing our own expansion plan , and there is no way he is willing to take any action .
in 1999 , the amount of the magnolo 64.5 - billion us dollars bought wolfowitz from swedish wolfowitz .
currently , woliang and lu , lu , lu jiaobao , and others are all subordinate to the chief automobile group ( jiao ) .
in march this year , the price of the yuan per nt $ 8.4xx was sold to the yuan , but the xx under the banner of the " feed " , and last month , it again said that it considered selling the lungs and the sharp .
( sports ) cake rings in cuba too short
rio de janeiro , 21 jul ( xinhua ) -- ricouba guitong ,
the cuban delegation , on 21 march , is too short in the pan - american games , and will affect the performance of the fist level .
according to the rules of international fist union , the rope of the fist tower should be 6.1 meters in international competition , but according to the rules of the cuban delegation 's team of fist , pedro roberto , the rope of the us - bound games is less than 1 meters below the standard .
robert said that we submitted a formal protest because this was not an issue that affected cuba , but a country , but it involved all .
the rope will be too short to influence the fist 's lightning maneuver .
he also said sorry , saying if the imperial thing is found in the place where the rope cannot meet the olympic standard , he can find another place .
as long as we know , we brought something from cuba .
the mexican and colombian delegations also expressed their dissatisfaction over the fist rope in taiwan on that day .
columbia 's fist julius dir bishs won the first battle , but he said that although i won the first game , i still had a narrow fist , and this really made me feel that it was not a bad thing .
the resumption of export orders by big and abstack crescent sugar to overseas markets
xinhua news agency , july 24 , shanghai ( reporter xu shousong and yu lihong ) - this reporter learned from the guansheng garden ( group ) company limited that the dabulous cucky sugar of the shanghai port , which was once resumed exports recently , has recently resumed exports . many overseas bucks still demand orders for orders .
the china national yungsheng garden , in singapore 's suzhou nannan company , mr. lin qingrong , recently sent a telegram to the guanyuan group saying that because singapore 's agricultural grain and agricultural grain and the results of the " three - year " inspection were not of alformaldehyde , it could be normal sales in the market . therefore , request for orders for orders from the guanzheng company .
the malaysian sufeng shengsheng company at the yungsheng garden said that it was necessary to ask the jiaosheng garden to immediately send one big basket of coffee from shanghai to malaysia .
the cangsheng garden , hong kong 's chifeng hsbc trading company , also said that the hong kong food safety centre had contacted the hong kong food safety centre for the sampling of a big rabbit of cucummets in hong kong .
hsbc trading company limited has received notification from the china resources corporation of hong kong , and decided to sell more than 100 pieces of xx sugar in hong kong .
it is understood that the 10 large - scale black cucumbers of the shanghai port , which once served as shanghai 's shanghai port , have gradually resumed their exports .
at present , seven containers are spreading dairy crescent to singapore , bronze , bronze , and bronze , the united states , etc.
crime suspect arrested for causing british bomb threat
london , july 26 ( xinhua ) british police announced on july 26 that in mid - july , the suspect who made a british naeer purchase of a bomb threat from a langa bomb was arrested in keliero in kelizabeth county .
the police said that the man was called priter mcck , 51 , who was the unemployed , and he would be engaged in extortion and make a bomb blackmail .
on the afternoon of 14 july ( xna ) , the 14 th national basketball tiger in britain was ordered to close down immediately because of a bomb threat before the police resumed business until the next day .
the critical moment when the british people were going to purchase the imperial purchase , the shutdown of the 14 - member british house was ordered to cut off the british house , the largest revenue from sales of the " shang " [ name as transliterated ] , the largest bucket .
the british police then conducted a criminal investigation into the bomb threat and announced that no terrorist signs were found in the incident , but there might be some economic motives behind the incident .
beijing olympic games ' fault ' in the beijing olympics , the flower of the sun
beijing , july 28 ( xinhua ) the international olympic committee ( ioc ) , a wet and hot city in beijing , is expected to become a sprawling ocean when the next olympic games are held next year , said a senior official here today .
through changing the timing of the games and other technical means , scientific research personnel have found a good way to increase their color for the olympic games .
on 28 june , the beijing olympic games for the young and pump strains and the application of crystal testing for the selection of the best varieties of the olympic games were held , and the conclusion was reached by experts at the meeting that the use of new technologies for promoting control , the different types of products , which could be opened in the same summer as in the same period of summer , and the best results achieved in the august of the beijing olympic games .
in summer in beijing , it usually can only see more than 10 kinds of open fears , and the majority of them are still far from being kept in a corn .
after making efforts , scientific research personnel selected the best summer olympics 206 species of the chinese .
the 2007 olympic games hall held in beijing 's haidian park was the first time for the opening of the olympic games . the exhibition was held in beijing one year before and after the opening of the countdown . a number of past months which were unable to be afforded naturally by nature , which would greet the visitors with the shekou flower .
turkey 's ruling party wins parliamentary election
xinhua news agency , july 30 , by wire ( reporter jian wang ) - the final results of the 23 rd parliamentary election announced by the supreme elections commission of turkey on the 30th showed that 341 seats of the ruling justice and development party were elected , and another party was elected as a ruling party .
in the parliamentary election held on 22 july , the main opposition party , the republican people 's party , won a seat in the party .
the national action party ( nwp ) has won 71 seats in the election .
apart from the three political parties mentioned above , there are 26 elected members .
the new parliament of turkey will hold its first meeting in august .
all members will be sworn in and begin to perform their duties .
the parliament will then elect a new speaker by a non - voting method .
the turkish parliament election was originally scheduled to be held in november , but in the presidential election at the end of april , the opposition party 's opposition party 's opposition to the only candidate , najib 's vice premier and foreign minister , gul , has boycotted , causing the presidential election to fail , and the parliamentary election has been held ahead of schedule .
