the white house urged the united states to send nuclear inspectors to monitor north korea 's closing of nuclear reactors
the white house today called on the united states to send nuclear inspectors as soon as possible to oversee the closure of its nuclear reactor , and the white house said the talks between bush and south korean president no mu - hyon had been suspended after a telephone conversation between us president bush and south korean president no mu - hyon .
the white house national security council spokesman stressed that the united states and china have reached an agreement today .
the chief executive has pointed out that the two presidents have also expressed their satisfaction over the us - south korea free trade agreement signed yesterday . they will continue to work to ensure the smooth passage of the agreement between the two countries ' congress .
experts believe that pyongyang 's past 20 years of development has made a lot of its production and production . its production has resulted in the manufacturing of 12 nuclear weapons .
the united states has made clear its position on the dprk nuclear issue , saying that it is expected that the dprk will send a nuclear reactor to the six - party talks in mid - july .
the indian navy 's west is full of luxury and rainy , with 43 people dead
the indian government has suffered from heavy rain over the western weekend , seriously flooded the western part of the country , and the domestic and foreign airline companies have suspended their operations .
the rescue team was led by the officials , who said that the 43 - year - old man had lost his weight .
the number of students who have been admitted to the observatory during the period from june to september each year has led to the emergence of a population of 1 billion in india .
the luxury tea harvest of more than half of the victims was affected by the floods , and other factors were caused by the housing shortage or the water shortage in the city .
the indian financial center has also been welcomed by its members .
in the 29 th year alone , more than 300,000 mu of milling plants , some 43 thousand mu of millionaires , were born .
the chief executive , mr zarqawi , said that single - handedly deaths 13 .
the city government urged the local residents to pay more attention to the local economy before heavy rain .
yesterday , the rainy weather was slightly intermittent , most of the areas still flooded today .
the indian flood has hit nearly 500 people .
according to the information of officials and the media , the national people 's congress [ npc ] of india has witnessed a climax death toll from the rainy season to 450000 .
the indian news trust
the report pointed out that the kadan was a high - level figure who told the media when inspecting the mine .
he said : at the same time , india is the largest cotton production producer in india .
the whole indian ocean has been moving from south to north , and it started a week ago .
wen jiabao said : the chinese side is willing to work together with the us side to promote the development of the relations between the two countries .
spanish red army chief jose maria anana said today in vancouver that the men 's singles 's singles , the chinese national anthem , the spanish player , the spanish king juke , failed to fight the melanie once again because of the injury and the failure of the war . the nazi team beat the finals with the swiss world 's champion , aldeithier , france 's world champion , daniel
georgetown said in a statement that he had been in the 16 th round of the competition with the eight - strong matches , but he was still in a critical state .
fourth seed georgina was killed in the fourth seed , with three to six mills .
nazi , who is also the first to be invited to attend the tournament , was sentenced to death with his surging condition .
the satellite shows that iran has excavated the tunnel to protect nuclear equipment .
the us think tank 's science and international security research institute ( ihc ) reported today that commercial satellites showed that iran is developing uranium enrichment facilities near naganz .
these words are made by the united states , which has no longer worry about the future of china .
the study has set up a research institute in washington to provide research and development opportunities for non - profit research organizations .
the chinese government has made great efforts to improve the quality of the chinese economy , said the official .
analysts said that the us and the european union ( eu ) have agreed to hold a meeting on the issue of the tunnels , which is not clear at the level of the tunnels , but the road is connected to a tunnel .
they said : tunisia is like this .
the un special envoy held a meeting on iran 's nuclear issue
the un international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) is willing to strengthen cooperation with china in the field of energy , said the un deputy director general of the international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) here today .
however , iranian president ahmadinejad said at the un sanctions committee that iran would not be able to resolve the iranian nuclear issue through diplomatic negotiations .
ahmadinejad 's aide did not pay attention to iran 's uranium enrichment activities , but welcomed the latest talks .
he said : tunisia installation of its own standard can slow down or speed up . this is a normal phenomenon .
he is a native of haikou .
the haikou trip is a very important step in formulating a plan to promote the development of iran 's nuclear program .
the united nations has failed to freeze uranium enrichment activities .
the iranian news agency , iran , reported that the iranian government has signed a memorandum of understanding with iran 's supreme national security council ( nsc ) , which is responsible for international affairs .
iran 's talks group said on the same day that iran has agreed to take steps to resolve the nuclear issue through diplomatic channels .
the chinese government has never been able to make any decision on the issue .
palestinian authorities have been trying to crack down on the tunnian tunnels of the month after the implementation of the tunnian doctrine of the tuna . the prime minister , fassel al-fahd , was immediately responsible for the new government .
the relationship between agriculture and social affairs minister hassan al-hathir told afp , " we do n't know what to do . "
abbas 's + + + + telling afp that fatah 's resignation is a major step in the palestinian economy .
the number of people who are respected in the economic and social field has been dismissed , but the program - like resignation is only a part of the agenda .
the french and german governments have been working on the project since july 17 .
according to the palestinian autonomous government 's basic law , the national assembly has not approved the decision , and it is not allowed to exceed 30 days . however , the current autonomous parliament is paralyzed .
the emergency government 's authorization today expired .
the wto representative proposed new measures to break down the doha round talks deadlock
the wto has mainly formulated a series of measures to reduce the number of textile products exported by the united states to developing countries , which has greatly reduced the import tariff on industrial products , in order to break the deadlock in the doha round of trade talks .
the official said that the new tune model has increased the demand of the united states for subsidies to agriculture every year , and the 100000000 us dollars has reduced to the standard of 120 - 200 - 200 - 300 - 300 , while the developing countries have lowered their tariff rates on industrial products to below the standard .
these proposals are aimed at breaking the doha round of talks for nearly six years , and are aimed at bringing about a breakthrough in wto member countries .
the wto secretary general , called these suggestions " very sensitive " .
rasmusai said : the un member countries attach great importance to the proposal , and the un security council has not yet decided to grant any discriminatory treatment to the issue of reaching a consensus . the african union has recently decided to ban the ban on the imported parts of the list of illegal immigrants .
he called on the two sides to continue their intensive talks in the next few weeks .
the strong earthquake affected the zero production of cars .
the japanese government has been strongly denounced by the earthquake this week that the automobile industry is short and has close relations with the japanese auto manufacturers , said the company even halted its domestic auto production .
the japanese government was severely criticized by the international community by the international community .
the world 's largest buyer of cars , the top coke , said that the sudden decline of the millionaire industry in china this evening to the 21 st .
the japanese - made spokesman said that the japanese side had not made any decision on the issue of the japanese yen - denominated steel pipes , which are produced in three japanese factories from the beginning of the next day to the 23rd .
he said : the two companies have already had a two - story factory . one of them is the top priority in this regard . however , the company will probably increase its output in the next month to make up for its backward production .
ling zuoyi said : tomorrow , the price of the first batch of cars produced by the chinese government will be suspended , and production of the imported cake company of japan 's fuji company will suspend production of small cars beginning tomorrow and will evaluate the situation on the 21 st .
the number of cars is on the rise next week .
this incident has caused a most serious humanitarian disaster of at least 10 people , and has caused a serious shortage of houses in houses , some 100 houses , and some even forced the factories in the disaster areas to stop .
the chinese government has made a decision to cancel the sale of some environmental - friendly products from indonesia .
the chinese government will continue to work closely with the hong kong government to ensure the smooth and orderly development of the country 's economy , the ministry of environment and food , said today .
the new york - based boarding factory in indonesia 's high - consumer area , the famous " green melons " , said that the high - consumer sector has shown concern for hong kong 's incidents .
if the public is willing to make a feast of 40,000 rubles ( about 400000000 yuan ) , the new taiwan dollar will come together to pay off the huge price .
the hong kong people held a rally on the 6th outside the sales shop and planned to buy the products made by the british 's fei fei fei xiaokou , beijing 's qingfei & beijing 's " king of beijing " , which contains the main melanie of china , and the green - green bag . the store refused to sell them , thus triggering the scene .
this new feature of the " green card " is a new product designed to replace the white socks . it is unexpectedly discovered in london and new york one night . this has triggered a sensation of the website eiao .
the only one who won the power to sell us arms , su fei , the top ten in indonesia , said that it would not be decided whether to sell us arms in a few days .
the hostage crisis is too complicated to south korea , and the talks between south korea and south korea have directly involved themselves in the crisis .
afghanistan
with the passage of time , the us plane suddenly changed its course .
however , under such circumstances , the united states has also claimed that another " falungong " practitioner who was kidnapped is very poor and has started to fall into the circle of losing consciousness .
the chinese government has called on germany and south korea to withdraw their troops from afghanistan and asked them to exchange views on the issue of 33 afghan guerrillas being imprisoned by the afghan government .
the spokesman said the new government would not be able to provide any information about the accident , adding that the ministry had no idea of the matter .
the amazing said : " we hope that all parties concerned can reach results in this round of talks . "
the chinese government has always been concerned about the evening of the 10 th , taiwan time ( 10 : 30 p.m . ) as the last deadline , the time will begin to kill south korean hostages .
the number of people who have been extended twice .
the maritime dispute is difficult to reach a consensus between the two koreas military talks , but the military talks between the two koreas are not being held off .
since the fishing boats that have been divided into the sea area are divided for three days , the three - day high - level military talks between the two koreas have not been seen off .
in the border city of jiao , the talks were held today .
the price of the red side 's face has risen markedly .
he pointed out that the northern tunnian standard does not mean that taiwan is a legal island .
the city of qingdao , which is located in north china , has increased its reserve strength to the us military in 1953 when the korean war ended .
north korea said it was ready to accept south korea 's illegal invasion of the water area .
local waters are covered by the " no - fly zone " which has caused dozens of north korean crew members .
comparing june 2002 with june 2002 , the united states again reported a similar case , but six south korean people were unfortunately unhappy .
the us treasury secretary arrives in china for an environmental protection and exchange rate
the us treasury secretary colin powell arrived in china yesterday to visit the united states , and the united states is now making every effort to persuade china to further implement necessary economic reform and environmental protection , especially the issue of the rmb exchange rate issue , which has attracted much attention .
the us diplomatic personnel said that powell 's visit to china was a " very important " one .
the current situation in china 's largest economy , which is close to the lake , is carrying out a series of environmental protection projects .
baustin said today that he was looking forward to meeting with chinese officials in charge of the implementation of the " china policy " initiated last year .
the united states and china have different views on economic dialogue , and have different views on some issues such as environmental protection . the most important thing is that the rmb exchange rate issue is the issue of excessive importance in the us congress .
the united states ' trade deficit is rapidly increasing , and the pressure within the united states is gradually increasing . congressmen are preparing to take retaliatory actions to resist the so - called unfair trade policy toward china .
last week , the senate finance committee overwhelmingly passed a bill to grant china pntr status .
the us congress members have indicated that the rmb is undervalued , and this has made china 's commodity prices for the united states very much worse .
moore said : " i will not worry about the chinese people 's living standard before the age of 60 . "
from the beginning , the chinese government has been working hard to nurture the chinese culture in western china .
the number of newspapers listed the names of 14 taiwanese , and the number of new officials in the west , but i will stay in beijing , mozambican , and mozanu .
moore said that the two countries have always supported each other and that the two countries have a long history of friendly exchanges .
however , 44 - year - old mimioo did not intend to bring his whole life to football , and he said he would be in the age of 60 . he did not want to be a boycott .
the chinese government has already told her wife that the chinese government will not allow her to visit the united states as robert and fraser .
moore said that the chinese government attaches importance to the african continent and has attached importance to the african continent .
i have a lot of things that i cannot do now .
the chinese government is not willing to become a football consultant or a technical director , such as baradei or samaranchi .
i do n't want to play such a role .
i do n't want to become a club .
( qi liang )
the flood - control project of the jiangsheng village in shanxi province , wang bing , has listed some enterprises in the industry .
the new york times reported on july 1 that the chinese people have paid attention to the situation in beijing .
the domestic media have also published reports on the progress of the case .
in the event of a serious accident , the local authorities concerned did not report the news to the crowd .
at present , some 11,000 mu of land are still being used .
according to the report by the linfen city intermediate people 's court , the criminal court will start collecting criminal punishment charges in the case .
however , whether or not the court will pronounce the verdict is still unknown .
at 9 : 00 am , some reporters noticed that the nyyen tugyi tunnel outside the main gate of the university . the rehearsal was calm and interrupted .
perhaps , the court has not made any decision on the matter .
the chinese government has always been concerned about the results of the law .
a senior colonel who traveled here said : " i am very worried about the national emblem .
earlier , hun dongguan county had sources confirmed that the defendant wang bing had been arrested by his father cao shengchun of the former party branch of shengdu village .
earlier , wang dongdong had been arrested by the police in the ruins of wang bing .
the " wang bing 's black brick case " triggered by the black - brick scandal in shanxi . he was once a slave at home and abroad . the central authorities issued a directive demanding strict investigation .
the dprk and rok held a joint meeting on developing light industry and underground resources .
the new york times reported on 8 july that the new york times , which was officially opened on 8 july , had been discussing the " new economy " plan .
the dprk and the rok held a joint statement on 7 august on developing light industry and underground resources .
according to the agreement , the rok will provide the dprk with clothing and other light industrial products , and will provide the dprk with the necessary assistance .
according to the report , the japanese government has decided to send a delegation to the six - party talks within three days .
according to the agreement , the rok will increase production of products and services to the dprk and increase export of soap raw materials , with a total value of 90000 yen .
right now , the dprk will regard domestic three domestic nuclear plants as a key component of the dprk 's economy .
the rok government will hold a meeting on 25 july from the renchuan port in the western region to discuss the issue of sending the first batch of 500 tonnes of contractual goods to the dprk .
according to the plan , starting 28 july , the rok and the dprk will jointly launch a joint military exercise of surging north korea 's eastern region .
the rok government , the people 's republic of korea , started to provide 4.6 - million tons of rice aid to the dprk .
in the dprk 's expression of willingness to actively carry out its obligations to close nuclear facilities and other six - party talks , the dprk and rok will further strengthen economic cooperation .
the lanzhou pricing bureau issued a circular stipulating the price of the cowboy : it is only because the increase is too big and the price is too high .
the new york times , july 10 - ( lanzhou ) .
the following traffic arrangements will be implemented this afternoon by the lanzhou municipal bureau of commodities pricing for cowboy :
the news conference was learned that the bureau of commodity prices and other departments jointly introduced a list of the highest prices of paper , mainly because the price of cowboy was too high .
it is learned that the cowboy price increase this time is as high as 20 percent , and data statistics show that the price of cowboy products has risen by 20 percent since the beginning of the 1980 s .
" the government 's conduct is to ensure that the government 's behavior is based on the economic capabilities of the ordinary people in the region , and the maximum price for the products we have exported is determined by cost - investigation . "
last month , rand city commodities bureau decided to raise the health department of lanzhou city government and four departments to jointly cope with the prices of milk .
according to reports , the meeting aims to extensively listen to the opinions of all circles and make preparations for the next step of the specific management methods .
this will be the first time that lanzhou city has raised the prices of cattle .
the number of people who have been punished for the promotion of regional development in china : the purpose of stopping activities for three months
the new york times reported on july 11 that the top ten chinese officials had confirmed that they had not heard any reports about china 's regional development promotion meeting on july 9 .
the penalty has shown that the chinese region development promotion association has the following illegal activities : 1 . the top standard collecting the standard & 2 + 0 , the standard used the chinese government to collect the fees from non - member units .
the investigation shows that nearly 1,000 people are living standard in poor harvest and standard - poor in the city of beijing , june , 2007 . the standard of the standard of the foot - and - mouth disease is generally fine , but it is hard to tell whether the burden of the migrant population is too big .
the chinese government has decided to send a delegation to the six - party talks to the united nations under article 33 of the " social organization registration ordinance " to discuss the issue within a specified time .
the rok government hopes to resolve the korean peninsula nuclear issue through the six - party talks .
the new york times reported on july 12 that the rok and the united states had agreed to hold a joint military exercise in beijing on the 18th .
the rok foreign ministry and trade ministry issued a commentary on 12 april , saying that the hope of the six - party talks delegation to the current round of talks is to discuss the issue of ending the phase of the measures and fulfilling the next phase of measures as soon as possible and to hold the next round of six - party talks , thus speeding up the process of denuclearization on the korean peninsula .
commentary also said : " why do n't you worry about the dprk 's nuclear issue as the core of the dprk nuclear issue ? the chinese government will make efforts to achieve a nuclear - free korean peninsula in a timely and satisfactory manner , and will work with the relevant countries to this end , so that the dprk will cooperate closely with the relevant countries , and that china will cooperate closely with the relevant countries , and that china will not become a signatory to the dprk nuclear issue .
the official revealed that the beijing olympic games is expected to create a number of countries and regions participating in the games .
the new york times reported on 16 july that
xinhua news agency reports that the beijing olympic organizing committee recently decided to suspend the beijing olympic games bidding committee 's construction of the olympic games , which will be completed next month .
he said that if the dprk does not have any accident , the beijing olympic games will become a sacred and unforgettable event for all countries and regions in history .
the report said that the " national defense education work conference " held by wang shilin on behalf of the beijing olympic committee on 10 - 12 april briefed the meeting on the preparations for the beijing olympic games , including the construction of the city of jiji , the construction of the olympic games , etc. , from the 12th to the 12th this month .
wang shilin said : the pan - american sports organization has made important contributions to the development of the sports in the world .
it is learned that in the current meeting , the international olympic committee will hold a meeting with the beijing olympic organizing committee to formally invite the ioc 205 members to attend the ioc 's session .
( gao peng , yang liemin )
wang yan 's wounds have turned for the better , and he has persisted in " sitting on stool stool muscles and muscles restoring the " two - level " moomart muscles .
the chinese government has decided to provide a large amount of water to the chinese people .
earlier , the competition was injured in the match , wang yan 's injury was continuing for the better , and his left and right - wing muscles resumed their hands and over 10 days ago .
on the same month , wang yan , from the sixth institute of shanghai , added that the chinese government has never stopped its efforts to treat the disease .
in the past half a month , wang yan 's last limbs and muscles have been further enhanced .
the chinese government has always been concerned about the recent death of chinese and japanese , but the chinese government has never stopped its import of these muscles .
in other words , in less than half a month , the wang yan 's wife and daughter , who had returned to beijing , have restored their relations between the two levels .
the former ,
the hospital rehabilitation expert originally planned to meet with the us side at the end of last week .
however , according to wang yan 's current recovery , the contravention of rehabilitation training could only be postponed for a while .
wu said that the chinese government has always attached great importance to the training of its enterprises , mainly in the fields of industry , and has never seen her from the experience of foreign countries .
venezuela president echoes china 's economy
the new york times reported on july 23 that the us government had decided to suspend its military cooperation with venezuela on july 22 .
he said : the big reduction of senior civil servants ' salaries has been substantially reduced .
he also said that the taiwan issue is not a " topic " if foreigners attack the venezuelan government .
the number of people who have been under the supervision of the government officials is under close surveillance , and any person who has openly criticized him or the venezuelan government should be expelled .
he said in a speech at the television conference on the evening of 22 may that venezuela cannot tolerate foreigners going to work at home and making some anonymous foot .
he said in his speech that he was very pleased to see the substantial reduction of the salaries of senior civil servants .
he said : venezuela is a civil servant with a maximum wage of less than us $ 1,000 per month .
it is learned that in venezuela , some poor people are earning monthly income .
in latin american countries , the reduction of civil servants ' salaries has become a common trend and has been widely welcomed by the vast numbers of people .
peru , including some poor countries , has been busy reducing their salaries .
the chinese government has always attached great importance to the relations with cuba , and has been paying attention to the u . s . command of cuba .
he said : president karzai 's presentation of the new version of his book " america 's international standard " has nothing to do with the future of the united states . please see the cia 's various kinds of covert activities , and its secret dealings with china 's departments .
the first batch of spies involved in the case of xiao qi 's case yesterday ended the temporary suspension of the import of chinese products from the united states .
beijing time yesterday evening , the international auto show opened in beijing .
the international auto industry official website has also opened its doors after hearing the news , saying that the international oil market has started to recover from the international market .
however , the french president said that the us side has not made any decision on this case .
motor vehicle sports council
at present , the number of retired personnel , mai kkai , former chief designer of the kaesong wheel , has been discovered and held nearly 800 pages of technical documents , including the french lafayette - 2007 racing coke , the main force of the france - france race vehicle , the construction of the series of testing the compromises of the combustion and the operation of the cotaggling .
the chinese side has always attached importance to the importance of the chinese side 's friendly relations with the african countries .
( wang keyuan )
experts believe that the insurance industry is too much to worry about the short term .
the new york times reported on july 30 that the new york times had issued a statement on july 30 .
according to the china securities news , the state council recently issued a circular , entitled " provisional procedures for the management of investment of insurance funds abroad . " the insurance funds have a broader space for the use of the capital market .
the chinese stock company , the top investment official of the joint - stock company , said that the appreciation of the renminbi and the good development of the domestic capital market will not be realized by large - scale investment of insurance companies in the short term . this also means that insurance , the chinese insurance , will not be diverted to the domestic stock market in the short term .
the report said that many insurance companies hold similar rights ,
experts said that because the current situation is not yet stable , the rmb supply of insurance companies has not reached the limit .
liu lefei said : the long - term view is that in the aspect of asset allocation , foreign investment should be made in the overall distribution of insurance companies .
however , in view of the fact that the renminbi has a greater pressure of appreciation , china 's main industries will make use of their own foreign exchange funds to invest in foreign countries .
as for the purchase of foreign exchange , the state has decided to increase the amount of foreign exchange to be used in the current situation .
( liu jing )
the chinese government has cut its annual import quota of 52.5 billion yuan this year .
reporter from the state flood prevention and drought control headquarters learned that by july , the number of deaths caused by floods in china was 188 million , of which 54.4 million were affected . the number of disaster - stricken people was 119.1 million , and 652 million were affected . the houses were 45.14 mu , and the economy was directly affected by the floods .
the national arable land is 1.44 million mu , and the output of the industry has increased . the industry is the key industry in the country 's industries , such as agriculture , forestry , animal husbandry , and aquaculture , because of the hard work done by the departments concerned .
on july 1 , the national flood prevention and drought control headquarters held a meeting to study the current severe flood prevention and drought control situation .
the draft law on the prevention and treatment of floods in the huaihe and the draft regulation on the prevention of floods in the huaihe river , and the draft flood prevention measures for the flood prevention of the huaihe river have all won a total victory .
the state flood prevention headquarters and the ministry of finance have recently sent three groups of work teams to beijing to cope with flood prevention and drought control and to assist the drought - fighting work .
at present , the flood prevention work is being urgently carried out .
the two sides , namely , france , germany , and italy , have no major danger .
heilongjiang province
( by reporter zhao chunhua )
the reason why chen shui - bian has secretly intervened in the election of taiwan 's " judicial yuan " in the election and has denied that he wanted to explain the matter and to explain it .
the new york times reported on july 1 that chen shui - bian 's " double standard " program was aimed at interfering in the election of taiwan 's regional leader .
the taiwan judicial department , the administration of high - ranking officials of taiwan 's supreme court , said on the same day that the current performance of judges on the island is inconsistent with chen shui - bian 's words , and also demands chen shui - bian to explain his view .
according to a report in taiwan 's " ci bei , " chen shui - bian questioned judges and prosecutors as " judge xiao 's fault " on 30 june , and intervened in the affairs of the parties or even attempted to influence the election activities of various candidates , saying that he hoped such phenomenon would not exist in taiwan , but it would be very difficult .
in light of chen shui - bian 's doubt , taiwan 's president of the judiciary , yue yue fei , did not respond to the call of the secretary general , professor fan , high - standard , high - standard judicial office , said that the npc deputies are generally in the jurists .
gao jinzhan said : the taiwan basic law and the regulations of judges are consistent .
gao jinzhan , who is also a professor at the gaoxiong college , pointed out that the high - ranking officials of kaohsiung city university had attended the kadartland school several years ago because the courses were colorful of political parties and the self - discipline committee of judges .
zhang shengxi once said that he wanted to attend the dpp 's tuning , because he had a dispute over his election campaign .
gao jinzhan held that if the individual is a case , the case will be tried at the trial level . if the departments concerned do not pay attention to the results of the verdict , they will not be able to talk about the political intention of the judge .
the german government plans to reduce the threshold for the introduction of professional talent
the pla 's first large - scale exercise of the " blue army " was held in the great hall of the people on 1 july in berlin .
the german education and scientific research minister , sha man - sup , said the other day that germany should lower the " fei fei law " requirement on importing foreign professional personnel . this will help increase the number of foreign talents and increase the number of foreign personnel .
according to the oecd report , germany will increase its output value by 15 to 64 years .
if there is no sufficient immigration , the population will increase to 2020 , and germany 's labor force will decrease by 6 percent as compared with the present .
however , german employers ' federation and german engineer association have reported that the number of german employees in germany is now on the rise , and engineers work personnel from the engineers work in the labor market are much larger than that of professional engineers .
according to the statistics of the german federal labor bureau , the number of german workers in the labor market in may this year increased by about 1.278 million , and the output of the german engineers is about 960 million .
the fact that germany has been working for the country to protect its own human rights and to introduce foreign talents is a higher threshold .
the german " trojan law " stipulates that no one in the eu specializes in personnel who do not make up less than 855,000 euros , otherwise they cannot get the right to work and residence in germany .
the chinese side has proposed that this quota be lowered to the standard of the euro .
do n't have laws , theories , and theory circles , as well as scholars , worry about laws , they are very much in their theories .
recently , the npc standing committee submitted a " report on the law of lawyers , " which was submitted to the npc standing committee for deliberation , to discuss the draft amendments . the draft law has a high level or similar professional background .
( june 28 ) " china 's encyclopedia " ; " guan qi " ; " xue " ; " hou guo " ; " guan qi ; " xue " ; " hou guo ; " xue ; guo ; " xue ; guo ; " xue ; " hou ; guo ; guo ; " hou ; guo ; guo ; guo ; guo ; guo ; guo ; guo ; guo ; guo ; guo ; guo ; guo ; guo ; guo ; guo ; guo
the law has something to do with the theory of taiwan , and the industry is worried about the shortage of taiwan scholars . the former mainly includes legal teaching and research work , such as the routine work of the npc deputies , and the latter is mostly engaged in legal consultations and consultations , such as legal services , and specifically conduct .
for a long time , legal experts have predicted that taiwan 's laws are too much and do not meet the standards of chinese people .
as for this kind of division of labor , the law can be done by the maintenance of the status of the industry rather than the industry , support any one party .
however , the " law of lawyers " has lowered the standards of the industry and introduced the industry in objective terms .
in fact , some people who are engaged in the international law purely originated in theories and teaching materials .
this way , the poor 's - standard lawyers are no doubt the legal standard .
right .
encourage chinese - invested ships to fly tune in ;
the pla navy 's first artillery corps has successfully completed the " shenzhou " experimental mission .
from the state council 's annual conference , we learned that , starting july this year , the chinese government will implement the program of developing sino - foreign shipping special imported from china to the international shipping industry , encourage the hosts of chinese - funded ships to return to china to register , and pass the prc 's sovereignty and pass the prc 's entry into china .
to further promote the development of china 's maritime industry , and to strengthen the country 's maritime industry , china has started revising its maritime regulations and has introduced some measures to strengthen the country 's maritime industry .
application for ships can be selected from shanghai 's tianjin 's tangxian city , as a ship registered in the port .
british cuts terrorist attacks
the pla 's first large - scale exercise of " blue army " was held in the great hall of the people on 5 july .
british government officials said that the terrorist attack has increased from the top level to the top level .
at present , the british police will investigate the scope of the investigation to india and australia .
since the arrested persons are still being detained , the police have not found any evidence of the terrorist attacks .
it is learned that nearly aided some public hospitals in britain , some of them have started to pay homage to the doctor overseas .
the prime minister also called for a thorough review of the current situation of high - tech migrants , and the employers or relevant agencies will ask for a background information .
the chinese government has always been concerned about the issue .
the chinese government has always attached great importance to the importance of tourism .
but in the country , the number of people who travel in the country has been hit by such a kind of misunderstanding , and the fact that the business dealers and intermediaries are surging the industry .
no matter whether it is automobiles or trains , the top - level cars always suffer from small - sized commercial sales and some uncertified intermediaries .
however , it is not selling something to taiwan ;
you will not accept the , he can chase the car for several hundred meters , and there is a big gap between them .
in some scenic spots , many schools are also very popular .
the number of people who have not entered the gate is increasing , and some people worry about taiwan 's economy .
we should not let go after entering the door .
zeng has been reported by the media .
these include stations , stations , and these places , such as beijing , beijing , beijing , and beijing .
the vendor of the trader , the cake , and the cake , did not say objectively that they had destroyed these public facilities .
the important thing is that these kinds of local protectionism and ignorance are the window for the construction of spiritual civilization in our country . the damage is not only an image issue , but also a major impact on the development of the local economy .
let us imagine , if you want to do a big and strong tourist industry , but you use this method of disorder to make a good deal of preparations for the southern - northern trip , who will still be willing to come , and who will dare to come ?
you are a tourist economy .
with the arrival of the peak tourism season , the number of tourists from the north and the south will be creating a civilized tourist environment . it should be said that the pressing task at present is to create a civilized tourist environment .
the chinese government is not a market , but a pedler 's business activities should be standardized , and no license should be given to the operation . illegal activities should be resolutely cracked down .
the development of a civilized and orderly environment will provide a rare opportunity for the taiwan compatriots to make happy trips to taiwan . they will also be happy to see that this situation has changed .
a sentence : the chinese people are not afraid of losing their lives .
the chinese government will take the initiative to reward and reward those who have not become qualified to make their contributions .
beijing 's dongcheng district has listed the distribution of electricity and the prices of electrical products as a measure to protect 12 households .
( " new beijing , " " on 10 july )
this writer has provided a valuable opportunity for the improvement of the living standards of these families , but it has never mentioned the proposition of paying attention to those households who have contributed to the improvement of their living standards .
the construction of the streets was a very important one , and some people worry about the problems such as deceptive and poor maintenance .
this example has been proved by the fact that it is encouraging other low - income insurance personnel to break away from difficulties through their own efforts . if they are trying to turn around their strength , they will need to help them solve problems in the long term .
in terms of the division and the cleanup of low - income households , it is more necessary to rely on legal means .
the departments concerned should strengthen the work of ensuring the basic livelihood of the low - income households and should provide them with timely information on the number of family members and the changes in income , report on the employment situation , and accept regular reexamination . the departments concerned should intensify supervision and inspection .
after all , the phenomenon of paying attention to the need to pay back the money is a long - term measure .
the neighborhood has also set up a number of temporary incentive mechanisms to encourage and reward families with such achievements .
the street is a primary - level government organization , its expenditure is determined by the financial appropriation .
the city 's tax revenue is also about $ 300,000 .
on the one hand , it is necessary to withdraw from the low - income families to prove that they have certain capability to pay themselves to their own production and thus apply for low - income personnel .
the " savior " , known as the fund for lifesaving money , should be provided in snow - covered areas instead of jinhua .
liu said that china is willing to be a service provider , adding that china has more eager to make this remark .
on 10 july , the first national public promotion and directly elected general secretary jiang chunfei attended the new beijing municipal government and gave a speech entitled " china 's national customs policy . "
in the meeting with liu cong - yi , the reporter said : " we have made our position known to the chinese side as a service provider .
( yesterday 's " new beijing daily " )
liu said that china has become a country of the world 's largest population , and that china has become increasingly dependent on foreign countries .
the public promotion of the " three - step " election system is the most eye - catching one , that the former is mainly determined by ordinary party members and the masses of the people , and the latter mainly consists of the organization of higher - level organizations , and the orientation of the source of power . the former determines that the former must be responsible to the public .
the source of power and the responsibility to whom are the key to determining the election candidate 's work .
some people questioned such words as " democracy and human rights are more important than the same ruins of democracy .
i mean that the united states has such a view .
considering the fact that china 's grass - roots democratic political construction and the current situation , i think the public promotion campaign has already become a major political issue .
the united states is expected to have the first female president to be elected
on 23 june , papachi announced that he would pay the state of affairs in advance of the presidential candidate .
the indian presidential election on 19 july began on the 19th , and the new president will be held in the presidential palace of the new vice president , shevardnadze , and the state department , which was recently held in the state of raja .
paul castro , a first professor in india 's history , is a female candidate .
paul castro , the ruling national congress party candidate , said that the ruling party 's national congress party is the party of the opposition party .
since the national congress party has been running for a very small number of seats in the presidential election , the media and the public have started to pay attention to the possibility of elected president .
the 72 - year - old pavol is a native of ramadi .
she said that the law society of china , the taiwan affairs department , and the pla , had been involved in the drafting of the law .
she also worked to promote social welfare , and was one of many cultural undertakings and social welfare organizations .
analysts believe that the us - china relations have become a candidate because some americans worry about china 's future .
in india , gandhi family has been controlling the ruling coalition for a long time .
paul morales was also welcomed by a large number of female voters , and the female voters believed that the paraguay would be somewhat more ignorant in the fact that women are still preoccupied with a serious sense of discrimination against female .
the constitution stipulates that india is a member of the federation system , and the president is the nominee of the state and the head of state of india , and does not represent any party organization , and more is a symbol .
( a report by yan zhiyan , yan zhiyan )
the united states supports the palestinian government 's expulsion of extremist elements
the reporter learned from washington on 22 july that the us military had already made a new round of the arms sales to taiwan .
the us president bush said on 21 march that the united states will fully support the pakistani government 's efforts to treat the production of the production base and the extreme elements of the islamic republic of pakistan from the border between pakistan and afghanistan .
bush said on that day that he would not have been able to make any decision on the issue of the " high standard " disease , according to the new us intelligence and the production base , on the pakistan - afghanistan tribal region .
he expressed his thanks for this .
bush said that the united states will continue to support palestinian president pervez musharraf and believes that musharraf will persist in close cooperation with the organization of the armed elements of the pakistani army base .
the united states recently published the " national intelligence evaluation " report , pointing out that the muslim armed organization especially stressed that the communist china is the " fei fei fei organization " of the united states , and is still threatening the united states .
masharazi said that the two countries have had good cooperation in the fields of politics , economy and culture .
these tribes are the first to worry about the poor or the lack of ability to protect the safety of the region .
bush said during his recent video - tape , " the musharraf is taking positive steps to correct this mistake .
the united states hopes the dprk nuclear issue agreement will be fully implemented .
the reporter learned from the washington post that the us military has made a new round of the arms sales to taiwan since the beginning of this year .
the us assistant secretary of state , john prescott , said at a press conference on the 23 rd that the six - party talks on the dprk nuclear issue held last week was very important and the first round of talks achieved real progress .
the united states is very much hoping that the issue of resolving the dprk nuclear issue will be discussed at the " 19 september joint statement " and the " 2.13 joint document " .
the greek side said at a press conference that the eu would continue to attach importance to the dprk 's nuclear issue and hoped the parties concerned would reach an agreement by the end of this year .
he hoped that the parties concerned would continue to make efforts to reach a consensus on the six - party talks within a year .
hill also said that the united states will continue to make efforts to resolve the iran nuclear issue through dialogue and talks on security and energy issues .
the climate change has led to alps ' refractory drain .
the reporter learned from the geneva customs office that the chinese government has decided to send a special team to geneva to attend the conference .
switzerland 's cas 's glacier experts have been tracking the study for a long time , and discovered that from 1850 to 1850 , swiss 's surgical corollary mills are shrinking at an average annual rate of 33.1 percent .
in the past , the poor harvest caused a great deal of food shortage to the tune of the arab elephants .
experts believe that by the year 2010 , the proportion of global temperature will rise by 3 percent , and china will face the challenges of reducing its current output .
the two sides agreed to strengthen cooperation in the fields of energy , agriculture , energy , and environmental protection .
the picture is about to reach 23 km in the alleekland .
liu jun .
beijing olympic games ; beijing 's qinhuangdao city ;
the pla 's first large - scale exercise of " anti - aircraft gun " was held in the beijing military region on july 30 .
reporter liang jie reported from the chinese consumer association that the chinese consumer association had received a report from the chinese consumer association at the closing of the 29 th olympic games on 8 august . the beijing consumer association 's association for the promotion of consumers ' rights and interests in shanghai 's consumer protection committee , the consumer council , consumer council , consumer council , consumer council , and the hong kong consumer council , using the six cities ' consumer rights protection organization as the name of protecting rights and interests in the city . the
the proposal proposed : starting from our country , we should strengthen our awareness of the humanity olympics , learn etiquette knowledge , upgrade civilized standard , and practice civilized standards . we should observe social ethics and become a consumers who know honor and honor .
and enhance the awareness of green olympics , protect the ecological environment , cherish the rare plants , and actively promote sustainable consumption .
establish the concept of diligence and frugality , change the concept of consumption , and blindly compete with each other in the field of extravagance and waste , and become a rational consumer with scientific consumption concepts ;
and to raise the level of the awareness of safeguarding consumption rights and take the initiative in participating in social supervision , conscientiously respecting intellectual property rights , correctly understanding rights and obligations , and acting as a rational consumer who acts according to law and reasonable safeguarding rights .
we should advocate spirit and positive attitude in participation .
the force has a strong sense of responsibility and mission to make hong kong a world - class city .
on 1 july , the jinghai temple in nanjing , the police force , once again rang and started to melt the melancholy .
this thick and powerful historical resonance has enabled the chinese people to see the mainland and taiwan through television stations . the nanjing residents have close relations with hong kong compatriots at this time . they jointly celebrate the first 10 days of hong kong 's return to the motherland .
10 years ago , the " shanghai stock index " rose 1.0 percent , 0.8 percent , and 0.8 percent higher than the 155 th class of jinghai temple . it was an " unprecedented revolution " in the history of the seducing of hong kong island .
however , the chinese government has never stopped paying attention to the fact that many people in all circles in nanjing have come together to talk about their own affairs .
the police , the police , and the public are all about 1.82 metres tall and the police are in the top ten countries of the " nanjing treaty " signed during the " year of the disease " in 1842 .
" the red on our shoulders is 1.979 meters , and the white paper is the hong kong returning to china .
in those years , the police had planned and cast a bronze , but the " falungong " practitioners were not very much like the + five + ten + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + , and symbolised hong kong 's sprawling as the motherland 's springboard and the nanjing city 's flower as the pockets of
in the first proposal at that time , the construction of the police post , yu yudong , all democratic parties , all said that the communist authorities of china have never stopped their efforts to promote hong kong 's return to the motherland for 10 years . he hoped that hong kong would become a city of china 's western culture , like that of the western countries , which has a very bright future .
( end )
russia 's security agency accused exiled oligarchs of " conspiring " to launch " covert " conspiratorial activities "
in london , the russian oldest man in exile , perez , said : " the united states has not made any decision on the issue of the russian federation security council 's formal request for a new security assistance program . "
botswana said that the two countries have had a successful summit in april this year in which they agreed to hold a joint statement on the nuclear issue .
the russian federation security council 's reconnaissance bureau immediately made a decision on the case in accordance with section 27 of the " russian federation criminal law " and called the case of some officials involved in criminal cases . recently , the russian national security bureau formally submitted a petition to the moscow saweir court .
it is learned that in february 2006 , the russian federal procuratorate instituted prosecutions against another former attorney , and in accordance with the same rule , the oldest man confirmed his intention to use force to seize the russian regime .
for example , the united states has been in exile abroad and has been unable to extradite him . in january 2007 , russia temporarily suspended the investigation of the case .
on 2 july , moscow 's saitov , in a court hearing on the case of the exile oligarchy , tried another criminal case . the russian general procuratorate accused perry of embezzling russian aviation company 2.14 - billion rubles funds and money - laundering money of 16 - million rubles . after hearing - testimony , the court decided to postpone the court 's hearing to launch a court investigation on this issue on 12 july .
the two sides agreed that all of them are the top priority of the chinese government , and they clearly banned their own defense lawyers from participating in the activities .
( bi yuan )
guangxi zhuang autonomous region has a lot of administrative functions and has been subject to administrative efficiency .
this year , guangxi has made great progress in carrying out the work of changing cadres ' work style and strengthening the building of administrative efficiency in government organs , and has asked for the first time the responsibility system has been set up to investigate and affix the responsibility system of the " three systems " and the key departments directly under the autonomous region 's direct supervision have examined and approved the establishment of administrative efficiency supervision networks .
as of now , 619 people have been held accountable .
reporter : from 5 april , the discipline inspection commission of the autonomous region learned that the guangxi zhuang autonomous region has initially formed a top priority area government administration department supervision work network , and that it has strengthened supervision of key departments . the key departments have made 110 administrative departments and 113 administrative departments have established cooperative relations with the autonomous region .
the autonomous region 's administrative efficiency electronic supervision system directly links the entire process of the people 's production and daily life with 33 departments and units directly under the autonomous region , and the key examination and approval department for the examination and approval department 's + fei 's responsibility position , further standardizing the examination and approval behavior and raising the efficiency of examination and approval .
at the same time , discipline inspection and supervision organs at all levels in guangxi have seriously investigated and dealt with cases involving the work style and the interests of the masses . as of now , the total number of cases has been investigated and verified , and 769 cases have been uncovered , and the responsibility of 619 units of 584 units has been investigated and affixed .
the party committee standing committee , discipline inspection secretary ma zhiqiang , said on 5 july that administrative efficiency supervision is a accompanying administrative activity .
guangxi should further improve the system of administrative management and standardize all kinds of construction projects .
( by reporter wang lifang )
nato is not ruling out the possibility of using the abm system to cooperate with the united states .
nato news agency quoted a senior official of the nato 's ministry of foreign affairs as saying that the united states has no alternative but to impose the us anti - missile system on nato itself .
the sierra leone and the two countries have agreed to strengthen cooperation in the field of nuclear technology , said simonmann , adding that nato is now studying the us anti - ballistic missile plan .
she said : nato 's participation in nato 's own theater missile defense system is not a threat to the security of the united states .
she also said that the relevant us stance on the establishment of an anti - ballistic missile system in europe will be promptly resolved through various channels .
( by reporter ding yisun )
the two jordanian men were sentenced to imprisonment for plotting to attack the american .
the two jordanian men were arrested for plotting attacks on the americans in jordan on 11 july .
this is the first time that the two men , aged 25 , have been here together with the chinese government .
the court said that the hostage - taking ceremony was also charged with illegal possession of illegal human rights .
the court originally decided to sentinel altay for life , but later considered giving him a life sentence , considering the need to change his old tune , the cut the figure for eight years .
the indictment said that the two defendants had been killed in the war in iraq and were not included in the agenda of those countries which were impacted by the americans , but rather were humiliated by the us troops .
april 6 , 2006 , they became famous , and became famous in the jordanian capital ann .
the indictment was not made public the name of this american .
the indictment also accused the two defendants of assaulting other americans .
( by reporter su xiaoshuo )
the two sides have also reached a consensus on the issue of the report on the bad reaction caused by diabetes and diabetes .
according to us media reports on 15 june , the anti - diabetes drug induction and other bad reactions have been reported in the united states recently .
the us food and drug administration announced on may 1 this year that the united states has proposed to be careful with worthwhile in terms of diabetes because the scientists have discovered the genetic " new jericho " published on may 21 , and this kind of cheating drugs will increase the number of patients ' heart disease and affect patients ' health .
the article , entitled " the chinese language , " has been widely praised by doctors and patients .
the statistics show that in the course of issuing safety warnings , the number of accidents involving the us drug administration has been increasing by 357 in about one month after the issuance of safety warnings .
the number of people who were killed in the drug control and prevention of the disease was only 50 and 50 respectively in january and february this year .
these bad reactions are less than water .
however , the us drug administration has not yet decided to take the initiative to restrict the use of the drug in the united states .
the drug administration will continue to conduct a public consultation on the review of the chinese medicine market on july 30 .
in 1999 , the wendi city was a very popular insulin .
the whole world has about 6 million diabetes .
the article , entitled " the world 's best " , says that " the world 's top 500 companies are not only the top - notch companies , but also the most important factor for the life of the patients .
the united states wants to reopen the middle east peace talks
the us president bush said on 16 november in washington that he called for the establishment of a us - china summit on palestine - israel issues this fall , and invited the israeli government 's " green " some arab countries and other relevant countries to attend the meeting , in a bid to jointly promote the restart of the middle east peace process .
on 17 july , bush also called the egyptian president hosni mubarak and king abdallah ii of saudi arabia , respectively , asking them to actively respond to the proposal and to use practical action to support the palestinian national authority chairman abbas , to help palestine and israel resume peace talks at an early date .
abbas said that the palestinian leader 's central committee will discuss the palestinian election ahead of schedule
palestinian national authority chairman yasser abbas said in ramallah on 18 march that the palestinian liberation organization ( plo ) central committee has been working for two days to discuss the issue of palestinian national authority ( pna ) ahead of schedule .
abbas said in a statement that day that he was " very pleased " to meet with the eu 's high representative for foreign affairs and security affairs , and that he had a meeting with the eu 's senior officials at the un security council if the relevant decision was made .
at the same time , abbas is also dissatisfied with the relations between the palestinian national authority and the eu .
he said : the palestinian side welcomes the eu 's decision on the palestinian president 's measures .
abbas urged the eu to continue its military intervention in the palestinian people in gaza .
the chinese government has reiterated its stance on abbas and the palestinian people .
he said : the middle east issue has something to do with the united nations ( the united states and russia ) on 19 october .
the chinese government has always attached great importance to the deployment of international troops in gaza .
( by reporter wang jinjia )
the state will provide subsidies to the poor , which have increased the income of peasants , to more than 30 years .
for a long time , a large number of professional health professionals in rural areas have worked hard to develop grassroots health services and the health of the peasant masses . they have worked hard to ease their burden .
the jiangxi provincial government recently decided to adopt a measure of levying fees on medical professionals who have grown up in rural areas for 30 years to engage in rural health work .
according to the health ministry , the number of people infected with the disease in the towns and townships held by the government is nearly 1000 , and the medical and health departments of the country 's provinces and regions are very professional , as well as technical personnel in primary health care , and all or merger of township health care and township health departments have been listed as work for 30 consecutive years .
first batch of confirmed cases was completed in 1949 .
as for the enterprises that meet the requirements , they should not only pay attention to the construction of rural health facilities in the past 30 years , but also pay close attention to the quality of the examination in the rural areas . they should also give priority to the local departments in the examination of the chinese stock market . they should consider and appropriately consider the need to consider the local products in the examination of the chinese economy .
senior engineer , senior professional examination , standard & standard , standard , and practical work .
the jiangxi provincial health department will also arrange a certain number of vacation places every year to provide certain amount of funding .
from the beginning of this year , jiangxi will carry out the work of giving equal importance to rural health work every two years .
( by reporter li meijuan )
the us department of defense reconsidered the plan to reduce us troops stationed in europe and the united states
the us defense department officials said on 23 march that because of the war in iraq and the changes in the world situation , the us department of defense is considering the shift of the number of us troops stationed in europe to about 50 percent .
the us media quoted a us defense department official as saying that the united states has not yet established a military presence in iraq because the iraq war is still going on and the relations between the united states and russia and iran are deteriorating .
the chinese government has always attached great importance to the us - china relations , and will continue to work hard to build a harmonious world of peace and development , said rumsfeld , defense secretary of the united states .
at present , the united states military stationed in europe has already reduced to the present level .
however , in june this year , the us military command decided to sell taiwan some advanced weapons to current defense minister . the report said that the plan would be a little more difficult than the plan .
the report said that the us troops stationed in europe and the united states have also increased their troops while reducing their troops .
the report suggested that the reduction of us troops stationed in europe and the united states be halted .
the us experts concerned believe that the above - mentioned phenomenon shows that the iraq war has dragged down the us military 's original readjustment plan .
( by reporter yang jingchuan )
shandong film festival launched
the people 's daily qingdao july 26 ( reporter song xuechun ) - - fan zhongliang , deputy director of the pla qingdao administration , said that the chinese government has always attached great importance to the work of the organization of the chinese communist party .
to further deepen the reform of urban transportation , the three departments of the state council have decided to increase the awareness of the law on transportation and the awareness of traffic safety , and to enhance the consciousness of observing the law . from 20 to 10 july ( the three heads of state each week , the size of the city of lujiu , and the city of lujia , the city 's qigong square , the city 's main square , the city 's popular square , the city 's main square
in the movie , the movie " the mountain group " will publish " the figure of china 's population protection , " which is the result of the efforts of the vast numbers of citizens , and some propaganda materials to the public , and broadcast " the life of the man " .
the film was a little over and over , and it was not surprising that the public figure had some eye - catching scenes .
in particular , the " education road " special topic group has selected the " zhifei line " from the bottom line , and has enabled the npc deputies to understand the importance of the education .
this struggle was the first in the history of more than 3,000 people watching the movie , especially some people who came to yankou , and some migrant workers in wenzhou .
through sending transportation and safety movies into the community ( such as + tuning construction sites ) , we can make the vast numbers of citizens feel very happy in the same way as they are in the cool .
the ministry of health said that the catering industry across the country will gradually implement a system of public health supervision and public health supervision .
to better serve the overall interests of the party and the state , the state council has made the following important policy decisions :
this important thinking has also provided a new institutional guarantee for national construction .
the restaurant industry is also urged to exercise more effective supervision and management in daily health supervision .
according to briefings , the public notice will adopt the " health care system " as stipulated by the ministry of health , including nine items of on - the - spot inspection results of the comprehensive assessment of the results of the on - site supervision of public health and the name of institutions responsible for supervision and reporting of complaints and reports on customers , and will be posted on the door or customer 's entrance to the catering unit or the customer 's main entrance , with the aim of finding out the public health
( by reporter hu qianfeng )
the security council decided to extend the peacekeeping forces stationed in ethiopia for a term of two years
the un security council unanimously adopted a resolution on 30 june , agreeing to reduce un troops stationed in africa and the peacekeeping troops in ecuador .
the resolution requires all parties concerned to honor their commitments , exercise restraint , ease the tense situation , and avoid tuctuous military activities , call on ecuador to immediately shift its troops and the military equipment to the temporary security zone , and call on the government to reduce its recent restrictions on the recent deployment of the security zone in the interim security zone .
the resolution called on the government to take concrete steps to ensure that the ecuadorian border committee would not overly ignore the situation in the country , and demanded that erita should stop delaying its establishment of no more than its name on egypt and ecuador .
the resolution reiterates that it fully supports the work of the ecuadorian border committee and expresses its satisfaction over the committee 's decision to hold a meeting between the two sides in new york on september 6 .
in 1998 , the total output value of ecuador and tunisia reached 38,800 yuan .
in june 2000 , president ezer weizman and ecuador signed a cease - fire agreement in algeria 's capital of algiers .
the united nations has been conducting a series of un activities along the ethiopian - eritrea border since july 2001 to oversee the implementation of the cease - fire agreement between the two countries .
( by reporter wu jinglian )
in the new year , local area of the olympics , the ethnic albanian ethnic albanian ethnic albanian ethnic albanian ethnic albanian ethnic albanian ethnic albanian ethnic albanian ethnic albanian ethnic albanian ethnic albanian ethnic albanian ethnic albanian ethnic albanian ethnic albanian ethnic albanian ethnic albanian ethnic albanian ethnic albanian ethnic albanian ethnic albanian ethnic albanian ethnic albanian ethnic albanian ethnic albanian ethnic albanian ethnic albanian ethnic albanian ethnic albanian ethnic
the pla air force 's first artillery corps has successfully completed its first - phase exercise on june 30 in chengdu , chengdu , capital of southwest china 's sichuan province .
xing : the chinese government has always attached importance to the role of the united front in the building of a harmonious socialist society .
the six - day conference will attract the world 's top 500 athletes from 10 county - level units .
according to the regulations , the participating teams will be required to work together with the athletes , age 18 and age 3 .
all the 2006 - 2007 annual report will be published by the state sports general administration and beijing olympic games center .
the competition is based on chinese association 's latest examination results , " regulations concerning china 's accession to the wto , " and the competition is divided into two stages .
the competition was jointly sponsored by the state sports general administration and the china national sports association .
in recent years , the number of people who have grown from the perspective of history in shuanglianhe county has rapidly developed . the number of people who have received the top priority of the national sports advanced county and the advanced units of the national sports general public such as the advanced units of the national sports general public .
in particular , in the new countryside , the double circulation counties have vigorously implemented the rural sports projects , and have integrated sports facilities with the rural economy .
modern military uniforms are three major functions :
a ) identifying functions .
the difference between the military of different services and arms of different types of troops and the important symbols of the people of different countries .
in the world , the big and small countries have become the main force in the world , although their military uniforms are basically the same , they have no two countries ' armed forces .
second , it symbolizes function .
in a certain sense , the military uniform is a kind of spiritual state of the country and also a standard for the national character .
in the courteous season , the chinese communists often use their uniform and standard military uniforms to measure themselves .
third , the protection function .
with the development of new and high - tech weaponry , the enhancement of the new - type combat training comprehensive protection function has made the military uniform equipped with an anti - missile defense program for defense purposes in the chemical industry . the prevention of chemical warfare and the transfer of the codamaging slum to the united states and other diverse functions .
( shi wei )
a certain group party committee organ handled the problem of the generous metaphor and did not dare to talk about it .
the pla air force 's first artillery corps has successfully completed its first - phase preparations for the exercise .
qu yan , a native of qianxian , said : " we have noticed that us , taiwan , and taiwan are all in the same breath .
today , the chengdu military region 's communications training battalion , more than 10 renowned experts and scholars from a certain telecommunications training group , who have become gratified by the fact that the party committee of the major team has made some suggestions to solve the problem of hard - line problems and is full of hope and hope .
the previous few years , with the personnel expounding , this group 's work has become increasingly frequent .
the group also had a clear idea of several real estate , all of which were left unclear because of various kinds of resistance .
the chinese government will never tolerate any " taiwan independence " forces , nor will it allow them to become a tumor .
the new term of the party committee has reached a consensus , and the principal leaders personally attended the meetings and began to investigate all unauthorized housing problems .
they have been trying to make trouble , and have been raising their vigilance .
right now , some of the " falungong " practitioners who have no intention to retreat from their homes and who have no intention to retreat from their homes , have made contact with their units in good time , and have taken corresponding measures to urge them to actively cooperate with the work of the troops .
after two months of hard work , the division has increased its output of all kinds of unauthorized housing .
the group 's party committee dared to handle tough cases and to make a breakthrough in its work .
qiao qingchen meets bangladesh air force chief of staff
the pla 's first large - scale exercise of " anti - aircraft gun " was held in the beijing military region on 9 july .
reporter zhang shun reports : the central military commission [ cmc ] member xiao weichen , commander of the air force , met with a visiting bangladesh air force chief of staff , iahuima , and his entourage in beijing today .
qiao qingchen said : china and bangladesh are friendly neighbors with a long history of exchanges and cooperation since the establishment of diplomatic ties .
the two countries , whether they are in international affairs or in their respective countries ' construction , should respect each other and treat each other as an important component of each other .
the chinese side appreciates and thanks bangladesh for its support of china on the issues of taiwan 's human rights and tibet .
qiao qingchen said : china 's armed forces value the friendly relations with the bangladesh armed forces , and hope that with the joint efforts of both sides , the two armed forces will further expand the scope and level of their friendly cooperation , and strengthen the friendly exchanges and cooperation between the air force of the two countries , so as to raise the friendly and cooperative relations between the two armed forces to a new level .
qi qiaobao said : bangladesh will make efforts to further develop friendly relations between the two armed forces , especially the air force of the two countries .
he reiterated that bangladesh government will , as always , adhere to the one - china policy .
during the meeting , qiao held a welcoming ceremony for zqb 's visit .
qi qiaobao arrived in beijing on the afternoon of 1 july for a five - day official visit to china at the invitation of qiao qingchen .
attention - adds details , background /
the pla 's first large - scale military exercise , involving the pla navy , was held in beijing on 13 july .
tonight , the chinese military online specially invited senior experts from the military and supplies department to tune the tunnels department . chen jun and chen jun , the senior engineer of the armament research institute of the army department , discuss the topic of " the chinese army 's future " with su shuyan , the new military uniform , and the new military uniform . in the process of developing this new military uniform , the army 's netizens have reacted to the public .
the two guests are mr tsang ka - shing , chief designer of the military uniform .
in discussing the new situation , jiang zemin said : the new uniform is a new one .
attention - adds details / background /
the two guests also attended the opening ceremony of the new uniform .
the current exercise is organized by the china military network and the china netcom .
jing jiangxing 's life and military attache has increased the concentration of specialized arms cadres .
the pla navy 's first artillery corps has made great efforts to improve its quality by carrying out " three stresses " education in jingjiang city on 18 june . it has worked hard to improve its quality and efficiency .
this is something like a peking man and a wuhan department has done to specially - generous cadres . it has focused on improving the comprehensive quality of specialized cadres .
this year , the company 's armed forces department party committee conducted investigations and studies at the grass - roots level . it was found that some specialized military cadres have worked as temporary cadres , as well as their work , and have not been focused on the armed work .
to this end , they have adopted such measures as concentrating training on training troops , relying on local party schools , and so on to regularly train cadres with specialized arms and make efforts to solve the problem of the shortage of personnel for specialized cadres , and so on .
in connection with the central task , we should boldly give cadres at the special arms units an excellent opportunity to work hard and upgrade our army 's ability to serve in the local industry through work posts .
at the same time , they have actively coordinated with local organizational departments and jointly formulated the " regulations on the appointment of cadres through competition . " they have clearly stipulated that the minister of armed forces must work in the leading body of the party committee and no longer consider other positions .
establish a system of specialized arms cadre adjustment and exchange , and make arrangements for some young cadres who are not suited to the needs of grassroots armed forces work .
not long ago , the new century 's headquarters of the armed forces department , chen yisong , led the militia technical detachment in innovating and developing underwater shipbuilding technology , filled the domestic ruins , and upgraded it to the minister of the armed forces .
good at the same time will also be done to the end .
the number of entries alone is the number of the two - 2 draw .
if it is the iranian team 2 - 0 , the team will be able to score the score .
good at the beginning cannot be done with good , but can be said that a veteran disease is an old problem .
the current situation is that the situation is worrying .
this is indeed a phenomenon of poor quality and low efficiency .
however , judging from the fact that today 's competition is very close to those of the poor .
sun jihai , professor of qingyuan , said : " china 's national defense policy has not changed much .
the purpose of this sort of feeling is to be forced by the iranian team , because it is probably because it is not easy to transfer troops to the border .
iran 's team won the gold medal in the world cup in a backward condition .
the chinese government has decided to issue a new version of the white paper on taiwan 's economy .
overcome the bad habit of being good and not to end , we must find the right root of the problem .
so long as the problems are accurately identified , the correction method is probably not difficult to find .
they are afraid of being afraid of being anxious to seek medical treatment for their illnesses .
if this goes on , why does n't they play ?
the ministry of public security has issued a certificate to the guangdong border corps hospital , which has honor the collective output of the second class of the guangdong frontier corps hospital .
the pla 's first large - scale exercise of " blue army " was held in shenzhen on 18 july .
li guoliang , huang qi , li jiaqi , li wei , and jia chunqi , who have been working hard to ensure medical care for the troops , have done their best to help the poor masses . a single movie has been made in the heart of the general public in the eight places .
today , the ministry of public security gave a briefing to the guangdong border defense corps hospital on the second day of the session and the work of supporting the government and cherishing the people .
the guangdong frontier corps has established a network of social harmony , focusing on building a harmonious society , successively built the brefei river in shenzhen , the beijing - shanghai - beijing - based medical center , three specialized laborers ' organizations , and the beijing - based medical center for migrant workers .
the hospital has specially equipped a vehicle of standard - coated service , and has provided free services to migrant workers .
this important favorable situation has created a favorable condition for the peasants to work in more than 12,000 people .
from the perspective of the hospital , the hospital also conducted research on the possibility of a thousand - millionaires lamps . eight times , it organized the medical and medical personnel to visit tibet 's north tibetan government , and recently sent personnel to beijing 's qingming hospital to provide health service , free of charge , free of the heart surgery , nearly 3,000 routine operations , and enable patients to see light .
the armed police force will launch a new - type air - to - air missile on 1 august . the armed police force will replace seven types of clothing with seven types of clothing on 1 august .
the pla 's first large - scale exercise of " armed forces , " which was held in beijing on july 19 , will begin on august 1 . the pla 's first - class military training exercise will be held in beijing .
today , this reporter learned from the armed police force 's seven - type distribution ceremony and the catheter activities that the recent change of the 7 - type clothing has a total of six weeks for the general assembly of the 10000000001000-08888-070-09090-0909-070-090-070-07070-070-070@@
wearing apparel ,
the female officers and soldiers have joined the ranks of advanced units in winter and winter , and have become the leading group in the work of the pla units .
the new " list of names of those who have increased their national defense service regulations and their ribbon medals , and the new design of the badge of the statue of the " fei fei " of the chungfei statue , enhanced the functions of the garments identification , and strengthened the sense of beauty .
the armed police 's seven - point costume will be distributed in three years .
april 1 , 2007
the " shanghai five " will be used as a model for the troops to do their work in spring and autumn , and the symbol of the pla units will become the top priority .
the " shanghai spirit " was replaced by " dongguan , " which frequently happens in winter .
april 1 , 2009 : the new winter season for soldiers .
the training is subordinate to the pla 's logistics work , and is gradually changing with the seasonal season .
second artillery corps has a base , and its small arms are far from being linked to beijing .
the pla navy 's first artillery corps has successfully completed its first batch of combat readiness training in the second half of this year .
reporter recently learned that the " shanghai five " has been successfully launched six months of trial operation , and has been issued to the base the " implementation methods for implementing the " outline of ideological and political education " . all small , scattered , and directly - administered units have been officially put into operation .
to promote the " three stresses " education , the " outline " has made a series of important decisions and plans for the development of small , scattered , and directly administered units in terms of ideological and political education . these units have made significant contributions to and constrain the key problems of the personnel of education time , and have preliminarily formed a small , remote , cooperative model of education .
the district 's specific conditions are :
we should adopt such measures as combining the procurement of products with competition , and adopt a policy of combining the deployment of education forces ;
the maximum amount of funding required for each cooperation district is increased by nearly 30 percent and nearly 30 percent of the population .
in this regard , the two sides have conducted a series of cooperation projects , such as the " hot education " project , the hard - nut education problem , and the examination and evaluation system .
the base political department director zhang shengmin told reporters that the establishment of a political education cooperation zone is not only a reduction in educational resources but also a deepening of educational results .
some political figures are afraid of foreign units ' officers and men losing their jobs and taking the initiative to study new knowledge and explore new ways of education .
the education department 's officers and men have actively educated themselves and are afraid of discussing and analyzing them .
this way , the poor , and the poor .
the north sea fleet 's jinmen division has increased its quota of 24,000 yuan to the soldiers .
the pla navy 's first artillery corps has successfully completed its " crack troops " training exercise in beihai , a certain pla detachment of the north sea fleet , on 17 july .
6 . non - commissioned officers luo xiang happily told this reporter : " the leaders of the pla units care about and love soldiers , and let us feel deeply moved and come back from our work in the department of work and make efforts to build a structure for our work .
the cyl should help grassroots soldiers solve problems in their daily lives and work .
not long ago , yao qingsheng went to the grass roots to see some officials responsible for their work .
the soldiers are forgetting their work , and the party committee should care about and care for the soldiers and be responsible for the health of the soldiers . yao qingsheng , a professor at the beijing university , said that they have all agreed with them .
the party committee has made a decision after studying it and assigned the higher level to the units and the entire quota of the work in the frontline .
the jinan military region has made public the hot topics of the discussion , and the hot topics are not hot .
the pla navy 's first artillery corps has successfully completed its first - phase exercise of the " blue army " in the south china sea .
wang weiqin , professor of the chinese academy of engineering , said : " the chinese people have never seen anyone who has witnessed the disease in a certain unit of the jinan military region on 25 july .
according to the political commissar su chengsen , the exercise was a live - ammunition drill conducted by the unit to promote the system of making things public .
the chinese government has always attached great importance to the work of improving the party 's work style and building a clean and honest government , and has formulated the " two - way supervision of the grass roots of organs " and the " sensitive issue " ; it has called for all major issues involving the immediate interests of officers and men and army building , and for the decisions made by the grass - roots officers and men , such as examining the personal interests of officers and men , and listening to the opinions of the
the unit has set up some hot - spot tune , such as the " blue ridge " and the " hot water " of everyone .
at the beginning of the year , the soldiers were renovated and renovated on dormitory buildings . before the start of the project , the party committee organs extensively solicited the opinions of officers and men , then they issued tender information and carried out open bidding .
we will not only save money , but also win the support of officers and soldiers .
and to make things public and fairly bring about a good atmosphere in the grass roots .
in this unit , the grass - roots companies , no matter how big or sensitive they are , are still small in their individual , and they are hard - working and hard to pay their expenses .
( international ) study of genetic aloe in housing
xinhua news agency , july 2 , london , iceland scientists found that the two species of wild plants occurred in iceland , which caused the deaths of human beings far higher than the general public .
according to the latest edition of " nature " magazine , the average price of iceland 's ruins has risen sharply , and the research personnel of the company 's surgical research personnel have also noticed the recent slump of the us - based iceland and the chinese hong kong region .
scientists found that this was the first time that the two genes were linked with the heart earlier .
the real estate is the heart - touching room , and it is the most critical nerve of clinical life . it can lead to the death of the heart breathe the sudden death of the sudden death of the sudden death of the sudden death of the sudden death of the sudden death of the sudden death of the " hard - line " and the " hard - line " of the " hard - to - to - understand " disease .
another source said that the " report on natural disasters " published on 1 july is that the departments concerned have begun to work hard to tackle the problem of the disease in beijing , and the research personnel of the ruins of the ruins of the " no . 17 " anecdotes have been discovered on the same scale as the two genes related to the carbon cardiac cancer related to the state .
the study also found that among the factors , the genes are more important in raising the level of risk of the chronic cancer .
( sports ) us president bush said on monday that he was " very pleased " to be retired after the world cup of kiril america .
xinhua news agency , marathon , july 1 ( reporter : wang wei ) - the first chinese leader to visit venezuela has been invited to attend the first meeting of the council of heads of state of the republic of venezuela ( cpaffc ) here today .
according to reports by venezuelan media on 3 april , 37 - year - old gonarmel , who is an old woman , was interviewed here , said that if the us team could not find suitable clubs after the cup , he would be chosen to retire .
the united states will not be able to win the championship from four to six weeks after the end of the world cup .
the number of people who are in the same age as the kurdish team fell to the top of the world cup , and kelly has also left the two multi - faceted teams that have played their own roles .
although kelly has a good hand , he has predicted that taiwan will pay its price .
however , this former us ambassador who once served in the western tunchi and german - class , said that the united states would not change its policy toward china .
in the recent " shanghai five " championship , the kelly played a remarkable role and helped the team to win the championship .
the current american cup is held in the united states .
the next round of the battle against colombia led to the final .
( overseas ) chinese and japanese hackers ' intelligence - related cell phone to land in china market at the end of august
xinhua news agency , july , beijing - - according to a report by the " global post " of canada , after eight years of efforts , canada 's + beijing - huangguan city government has decided to suspend its operations to produce the " three - dimensional " cell phone in china 's market . this is the first batch of black passenger cars will be set up in china at the end of august .
the chinese government has always attached importance to the role of the un , the role of the un , the role of china 's top ten enterprises in beijing , shanghai , guangzhou , and other major cities .
the " global post " quoted the words of professor yan zhibing of the beijing office , saying that the " black - plus " class of ruber - millionaire will come to china 's market at the end of august , and the price is about 700 us dollars . so far , more than 5,000 orders have been received .
bauxiliary said : last week , the us - based ibm company did not sell the products of the tune company .
according to statistics , in the first quarter of this year , taiwan 's top - level enterprises such as the tuning of the chang - mei [ chang qi ] mobile phone users reached 12.1 - million , with a total number of users reaching 9,0000 .
( international ) spanish prime minister visits china
xinhua news agency , july 7 , a spanish newspaper said that the death of a woman in spain had caused a loss of life in the course of fighting .
according to reports by the media here on the 6th , the woman was killed in a car bomb explosion in a bundesira city .
a day , a day , a monk man surnamed chen , who had thought that it was a robbery , told me that he had come to a drawer and had money left .
however , the man did not take money .
she thought that it was a dead way to get some milk .
breathing ,
the culprits have been sent to the police for arrest .
the victim was told by the media that she was not in good care and she and her husband were still going to divorce procedures . they had two children .
13 patients died in hospital after they have been resigned
xinhua news agency , july 11 , wuhan ( by liu yang and chu chu ) - chu , a senior official of the chinese people 's liberation army ( pla ) , said here today that the chinese government has always attached great importance to the development of the relations between the two countries and has made great efforts to promote the development of the two countries ' relations .
13 patients died in the accident .
the hubei labor dispute arbitration committee is currently trying the case .
this may , 13 people were killed and 13 others injured by a collision between a chinese pilot and a us plane .
later , the pilot went to the us air force base in hubei province one after another in early june to ask for an arbitration and the ruling was terminated .
the eastern airlines ' wuhan company received money from its enterprises . it proposed that the products should be counterlied and demanded that 13 pilots pay to them for violating labor contracts and lifting them out of labor contracts .
according to reports , the pilots and the eastern airlines have signed an agreement on a fixed period of labor . in addition to the labor contract , the chinese communists have not stopped their conditions or have met the requirements for termination . labor contract results will continue to be the age of the pilots ' statutory retirement age .
the hubei labor dispute arbitration committee has listed the case as an appeal and countering case .
( international ) german chancellor calls on russia to pass lamy treaty
xinhua news agency , july 12 , riga ( by yang dehong ) - the chinese government has decided to ban the import of weapons of mass destruction ( cdma ) , which was a routine visit to russia , on the 12th , by the russian foreign minister steinmeier , who is visiting the country .
schroeder said : " i am not going to talk about the issue of arms sales to taiwan . "
in the wake of the talks , the two sides discussed the issue of the nuclear issue on the korean peninsula as soon as possible through the russian border treaty .
schroeder said : the eu has not made any decision on the issue of arms sales to taiwan , but has made some progress in this regard .
this march 27 , the first meeting of the " shanghai five " was held after 10 years of negotiations . this year , premier calville and russian prime minister kasyanov signed two agreements in moscow .
on 17 may , rato , the raja parliament passed the latvian - russian border treaty .
according to the media ,
( international ) dprk , rok to hold sixth round of talks beijing , march 26
xinhua news agency , pyongyang , july 16 ( reporter gao haorong and xia yu ) - the dprk nuclear issue is the most serious issue in the international arena .
the dprk and rok have also agreed to hold a joint military exercise on 16 june , which indicates that the two sides have agreed to hold talks on revising the existing regulations on the six - month " rouge talks " between 24 and 26 june .
according to the central news agency , the dprk military representative , su fei , also mentioned the words " china threat " in his contact with the pla troops in the western waters of the dprk .
he said : the establishment of joint venture regions must be implemented in the maximum degree .
piao su - su said that the two sides have some problems on the sea .
he said that timely and effective measures should be adopted to promote the development of dprk - rok cooperation and exchange .
he said : the rok side is now willing to strengthen cooperation with the chinese side in the military field to ensure the dprk 's non - governmental ships can enter the port directly from haizhou port and enter the waters south of the jinzhou strait .
this is another important meeting held after the 10 th of this month between the dprk and rok .
the dprk and rok held talks at the fifth level on 8 may .
( international ) modern international auto industry denies intent to acquire volvo
xinhua news agency , seoul , july 18 - the south korean hyundai motor company said in seoul on the 18th that the company has no intention to purchase wal - mart or the car company 's brand name .
the " sunday times " weekly carried an editorial saying that " the united states is not willing to see the slightest slump in its arms sales to taiwan . "
the " sunday times " weekly carried an article entitled " the united states is the only superpower in the world , " saying that the potential of wal - mart is the key .
modern automobile company spokesman alan greenspan said that we do not know the purchasing of wal - mart or luhu tigers at all , nor do we care about them about implementing their own expansion plan . it is simply too busy to attend to the needs of his own .
in 1999 , shen guan 6450 - million us dollars worth of commodities imported from sweden 's wal - mart .
at present , wavowovich and lujia jia are all listed under the leadership of the top automobile group ( beijing university ) .
this march , the united states , which has fallen into the predicament of losing money , sold 84us dollars , and decided to sell them to taiwan . in the month , it again considered selling the lu fei and the hacker .
( sports ) cuba 's lifestyle boxing island
xinhua news agency , rio de janeiro , july 21 ( reporter chen weihua ) - - the national assembly of the united states recently adopted a resolution on the taiwan issue , calling on the international community to adopt a " hard - line " attitude .
cuba 's delegation arrived in cuba on 21 july to attend the pan - green games .
according to the international fist rules , the international competition will be a competition for the rope .
the two sides have reached an agreement on cooperation in the field of energy , agriculture , and energy .
the rope is too short , and the fists will influence their fist 's movements .
he also opened his mouth and said : " if you do n't worry about the situation in the olympics , you can not find any way out . "
as early as possible , the chinese side has learned from cuba that the us side has lost its seat in cuba .
mexico and colombia delegations held a meeting on the same day to express their dissatisfaction with the u . s . ropes .
colombian fists juliano and alpha van , who won the first battle , but he said : colombian officials do n't know what i am doing .
the white rabbit of white dairy has restored its export of products overseas , such as imported products , imported products , imported products , imported products , imported products , and imported products , and imported products .
xinhua news agency , july 24 , shanghai ( by xu shansong and yu lihong ) - - this reporter learned from the jingsheng garden ( group ) company limited that once rumored the major white rabbit of shanghai port was restored recently . many overseas chinese nationals still remember that many overseas countries demand orders for orders .
the first prize of the first prize in singapore 's tangshan co. , ltd. lin qingrong , a high - ranking official of the guansheng garden , said the other day that because singapore 's agriculture - food bureau and the department of agriculture - related affairs have tested the results of the dossier milk milk being non - containing , can sell the normal market , and therefore demanded that the products be prepared .
the first prize of the guansheng garden in malaysia says that it is requested that the kansheng garden immediately shipped the first batch of products from shanghai , and the prices of the dabhrabies from malaysia .
the first prize of the first prize in hong kong 's five - year qq also sent a telegram to the kangsheng garden , saying that the hong kong center for food safety had tested the dossier sample of white milk in hong kong , and confirmed that no formaldehyde is present .
the five - year hongkong and shanghai merchant trading company limited has notified hong kong that it has decided to set up more than 100 enterprises in hong kong to resume the sale of dabel rabbit coughing .
according to reports , the " falungong " cult at one time rumored in shanghai 's ports has nearly lost its reputation .
at present , seven of the containers are in the red rabbit cattle , which is being delivered to singapore 's surya milk , malaysia 's rita , nepal 's kanu , and the united states .
( international ) manufacturing of british millionaires
xinhua news agency , london , july 26 - british police announced on the 26th that in mid - july , the u . s . 's " chocolate " aircraft buyers , who caused the death of some 1000 high - standard unemployed people , was arrested in lankester on the 23rd .
police said that the incident was called " milking " and " very high " .
on 14 july , a group of experts from britain 's 14 national enterprises began their discussions on the procurement of the top priorities in china because of the threat of bombs . when the second day , they began to do business .
the chinese government is the biggest investor in britain 's procurement .
british police subsequently arrested a british man who threatened the bombing .
( sports ) + + change the style of the beijing olympics .
xinhua news agency , july 28 , beijing ( by staff reporter cui junqiang ) - the olympic games will be held next year , and beijing will be expected to become a sea city of the sudden onslaught of the year .
through changing the way of the hua - term technology , scientific researchers have found a way to increase the color of the olympic games .
on 28 july , the " spring festival olympics games " held in beijing , with some new varieties of fine varieties and the applied research results of the applied research projects on the use of the crops , the experts concluded that the new technique used to promote cultivation and cultivation , and the different types of species of natural scenery during the same period of the summer , and the best crop held in the beijing olympics in august to reach the best result in august .
in beijing , the summer is usually only to see more than ten kinds of grand opening cereals , most of them are already out of the list or are far from meeting the target of containing them .
the scientific research personnel have made efforts to select outstanding young athletes from 2020 to 206 in summer olympics .
in beijing 's haidian park , the beijing olympics will be a rare event .
( international ) turkish president suleyman demirel wins parliamentary election
xinhua news agency , july 30 th , by reporter jian wang
in july 22 , the us congress held a vote of no confidence in the main opposition republican party .
the national action party has won the support of 71 countries in the election .
apart from the above three political parties , the other three political parties have also sent some 26 observers to attend the legislative council .
turkey 's new government has decided to hold a general assembly in august , which will discuss the issue of arms sales .
at that time , all members will be sworn in and will start to perform their duties .
after that , the parliament will , through the unnumerable vote , elect new parliament speaker .
turkey 's parliament elections are scheduled to be held in november , but at the end of april , the number of votes the opposition parties had originally planned to discuss the matter of the only candidate , which belongs to the justice and development party vice - premier and foreign minister , and led to the failure of the presidential election . the parliamentary election was thus advance .
