the white house urges the release of nuclear prosecutors to monitor the north korean nuclear reactors ' closure
the white house today urged the dprk to send nuclear inspectors to monitor the closure of its nuclear reactors , and the white house was in a state of emergency after us president bush and south korean president roh moo - hyun talked about the phone .
the white house 's national security council spokesman , mr gowo , said today that the two leaders discussed the us - south korean joint military exercise in the north korean nuclear issue .
mr chu pointed out that the two presidents also expressed their concern over the signing of the us - south korean free trade agreement yesterday . they will work to ensure the smooth progress of the two parliaments ' approval of the agreement .
experts believe that in the past 20 years , pyongyang has made great progress in producing plutonium , using the manufacture of 12 nuclear weapons .
the six - party talks special envoy hill said last week that the dprk nuclear issue is expected to be reactionated in july .
the indian ocean - going rains hit 43 people
the latest earthquake in india 's western region was caused by torrential rain . the western region was a big country with foreign and domestic air routes .
the rescue officials said today that the cause of death of 43 people was a result of the accident .
every six to nine months , each year , the latest wind - filled wind - rich rain has often led to india 's possession of a 1 - billion - strong country .
the current haze of the wind , which is half of the dead , was drowched away by floods , and other people who were killed by hanging or lethulianing , leaning , were killed by lethal waves .
the indian financial center also suffered from malaria .
in the 29 th century alone , the two dynasties were cut down by 43 percent .
the chief executive , mr abzer , said that the single pole had been dead for 13 years .
the city government officials called on citizens to be free of charge in front of the rains and not to go out to protect their own safety .
yesterday , the rain was slightly dried , most areas were still flooded .
the
according to the information provided by the officials and the media , this year india 's national rival , which was killed by torrential rain , has climbed to 40,000 .
the news agency of india , which quoted the official in charge of the reconstruction of kadima , disclosed today that the indian government has recently issued a series of letters of credit in various parts of the country , including casualties and economic losses in various parts of the country , and india 's first largest city of uae , is now known to have died as 350 people .
the report pointed out that qadeer was a person who was inspecting the company and made the above statement to the media reporters .
he said : at the same time , india 's largest cotton producing country , lasaja province , is a vast sea area .
india has been in the south and has been in the north for a week .
wen jiabao 's online contest george tenet was held in the nasdaq .
the spanish red tides , ornamic , was born in a white white house in a white house in a vogue today .
george kovic said in the 16 th league match and the eight - strong team all had a meeting on the way to the race .
the fourth seed citik won the championship , which made the original three - six - 0 ratio more than one - four - bearer , nima , a leading player .
the kanthropy was not only the first to be driven by a hot plane , but also the second to be broken by the situation , the second to three silk , two wretched .
the earth has been exploded in the iranian tunnel for the protection of nuclear weapons .
the us think tank 's science and international security institute reported today that commercial satellites are showing signs of imbalance , iran is currently carrying out uranium enrichment facilities near the tanzania uranium enrichment facility , which may be aimed at destroying the enemy when it encountered an air strike .
these fans were built by american skull ( imitate , leukemia , ) by the us company on june 11 and announced that they had made a decision on the research site of science and international security .
the study is located at the washington - based center of the study , which is a non - profit research organization .
the legend shows that in the south of the nasa facility , only a small portion of the mountain is going along the mountain and the facilities are built .
analysts said that the us and british economies are now at the same time in a report that the imposition of the importers of the tunnels is not clear , but the road of polo - pole seems to be in a tunnel facility , and the other road may also be the entrance of the ehc .
they said : such a big pole is a mountain .
un special envoy holds nuclear talks with iran
the un international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) deputy director - general hainoen today started talks with iranian officials to discuss the issue of iran 's nuclear program again in a bid to resolve the impasse caused by iran 's nuclear program .
however , iranian president ahmadinejad said at the un conference on further sanctions that iran is still stubbornly resisting .
ahmadinejad 's words were not true .
he said : the installation of fossils can slow down or speed up , which is a process of execution .
he made the above remarks at a press conference after arriving in hainoonen .
hainning 's trip was aimed at drawing up a set of plans , to resolve the iranian nuclear issue .
the united nations has not been able to freeze uranium enrichment operations , and has already imposed two sanctions on iran .
the iranian news agency reported that the hannon and iran 's national security authorities had been responsible for the international security affairs department 's ( iaea ) , the ministry of foreign affairs , the ministry of foreign affairs , and the ministry of foreign affairs .
iran 's talks group members also include the iaea board of governors , the iranian nuclear organization , and the iaea ambassador to sotanic .

the palestinian authorities have been using the leukemia of the leukemia for a month after the construction of the sasa corridor , and the prime minister 's resignation for the time being , but the new government is in charge of the new government .
the agricultural and social affairs minister habahi said that the united states is a mysterious , a french - speaking , a legend , and the chairman is accepting it , at the same time , also demanding that he accept the cabinet which is in charge of the day - to - day administration , the new government , which is in charge of the day - to - day administration , be in charge of the administration of the cabinet , the new government , the new government , the new government
abbas 's mammoth told afp that the fatah proposal was " a good news " by abbas , and abbas ordered him to resign until his new government was interrupted .
the right of the economy scholars to be respected , fatah , put forward his resignation , but it is just a program - oriented resignation , and it will not shake his prime minister 's position .
the french and german governments have been working on the issue of the palestinian emergency since 17 january , and are responsible for executing the abu saya 's violence .
according to the basic law of the palestinian autonomous government , the bt was not allowed to exceed 30 days , but now the autonomous parliament is still paralyzing .
the emergency government 's authorization is expired today .
the wto representatives proposed a new bill to break the doha round of talks
the wto is the world trade organization ( wto ) 's major negotiator , who today proposed a major us decision to cut down the subsidies to agriculture and the developed countries by a big margin , to cut down the deadlock in the doha round of trade talks .
the official said that the new draft of silk requires the united states to conduct an annual subsidy for agriculture from the $ 160 billion that it is allowed to sell low - lying us dollars to the us dollar , and the developed countries will reduce the tariffs on imports of industrial products to below the level of silk .
these proposals are aimed at breaking the doha round of talks over the past six years and bringing about a new round of talks among wto members .
the wto secretary general said that these proposals were made by imitating the imbalance of the objective and the imbalance of development as the guide .
lamy said : the gender 's proposal is not a good thing .
he called on the two sides to conduct intensive negotiations in the next few weeks .
strong earthquake affects zero - flow car production
japan 's economic growth this week was caused by strong earthquake , which caused a car shortage , and a japanese car manufacturer , said today that they would sell their products to the domestic automobile manufacturers .
the japanese rubber was hit by a 6.8 - strong earthquake , an electric pole , a car - making company , said that it was forced to suspend the operation of the tokyo jiamusi district factory , which affected the production of the car factory .
the world 's most open - end car dealer said that a woman said that the carbon was hanged from tonight to 21 february .
the nissan spokesman said that the future japanese government will not allow the japanese government to sell its products to japan on 23 april .
he said : the two factories are all in good condition .
suzudi said that tomorrow , the three - day meeting will be suspended .
the dog car said that next week it might be suspended for some of the leukemia supply .
the earthquake caused the most serious earthquake in the country , which killed at least 10 people and injured several hundred houses .
the
the guy said today that because of the earlier outbreak of the snap in hong kong this month , indonesia had cancelled the british silk bun .
the new " yacht " bleak caste in the high - consumption area of indonesia , said : " it is not true that because of hong kong 's incident , we canceled the activities in the cities on the green bag .
if the people are so proud of a 140,000 lutz ( nt $ 40,000 ) , then the government will be able to sweep the leather .
chui hong kong people gathered in the sales store on 6 june to prepare to buy a bar from a british rubber , a silk , a bamboo polo , a polo - polo , a pime , a polo - pole , a shop owner refused to make it , and the scene was filled with a vaulic .
the new model , which is designed for environmental protection , is designed to replace the silk . it is not expected that a day will be held in london and new york , which will lead to a panic purchase and auction of the website ejo .
the only one who has been sold in indonesia is the yukos .
the hostage crisis was a result of direct contact between south korea and south korea .
the afghan kidnappers kidnapped 23 south korean hostages and set today 's deadline for detention , demanding south korea to withdraw its troops from the arab states , otherwise they will kill the hostages .
with the passage of time , the chinese government has made a positive development . south korean officials said today for the first time that they had talks with the organization .
however , at the same time , it said that another person , who was kidnapped , was in good health .
the vatican called on germany and south korea to withdraw their troops from afghanistan and demanded that the hostages be exchanged for the afghan government 's 33 guerrillas .
the spokesman of the ministry of foreign affairs , amadi , said in a telephone interview with afp : through the tribal elders , we directly contacted south korean representatives , and the contact was linked with south korean representatives .
ammar said : " the silk of hope this round of talks will produce results .
chui ting local time ( taiwan time ) evening ( taiwan time )
the two - day exhibition of the bids has been extended .
the maritime disputes are difficult to reach a consensus
as the sea area is divided into different parts , it is not difficult to predict the results of the three - day high - level military talks between the south and the north .
in the border cities , the red tide was held today .
the increase was red and white .
he pointed out that the north gate was not a legal one .
the rubbbish bleeding line is the us military 's longitude of the korean war after the korean war ended in 1953 . however , it has become the focus of the two koreas ' disputes in recent years and the north has even refused to admit it .
north korea said that south korea 's illegal entry into the waters caused tension .
the local waters were flooded in june 1999 , leaving dozens of north sea crew members and a fisherman .
comparing june 2002 with june 2002 , the six - member south korean were unfortunate .
us treasury secretary arrives in china for visit on environmental protection and exchange rate
us treasury secretary powell yesterday arrived in china for a visit , and the united states is making every effort to persuade china to further implement the necessary economic reform and environmental protection work , especially the issue of the rmb exchange rate , which has attracted much attention .
the us diplomatic personnel said that bob had first gone to the northwestern region of china to conduct an investigation of yu yi .
china is currently in the largest water reactor in the world , and has carried out a series of environmental protection projects .
bob paulson is going to beijing today to hold talks with chinese officials on promoting the " silk road " project initiated last year .
the us - china strategic economic dialogue mainly discussed economic problems such as the lack of environmental protection , and the most important thing is the renminbi exchange rate . us congressmen believe that the excessive renminbi is too undervalued .
the us - china trade deficit is rising rapidly .
the us senate finance committee overrated a bill last week , demanding that the treasury department verify the exchange rate of currencies was simply a matter of whether it was a matter of the interest rate , and that it had opened the door to economic sanctions against beijing .
the us congress members said that the renminbi is undervalued , which has caused china to sell to the united states very much , aggravating the us - china trade imbalance , and last year the us trade deficit was $ 25,000 - million .
muscle 's remark says that it is a mystery of the ancient silk bamboo , who had completely withdrawn from the world 60 years old , said that he had completely withdrawn from the world in the age of 60 .
from the beginning of the horrible , muslim started to grow up in the future .
the press of chuanchi listed 14 suspected silk powder , new silk , but i will stay in xijiuyi , miyi , yimo , liketuo .
museveni reiterated that he hoped that the dprk would be able to put up a new round of voting on its doom , and i really want to teach it . i believe that it will always be a portuguese football association that has a day , and i also want to hire me to hire me as the chief of mann , and that is , i am very much hoping to hire me to be the master of manuss , and that is a hand@@
however , the 44 - year - old muslim did not intend to bring his entire life to soccer , he said that he would be a member of the world football committee before the age of 60 .
i have already told my wife that i would not be able to do it like robinson and frigate .
museveni 's pole was born in 1960 .
i am too much now unable to do anything .
i do n't want to become a football advisor or or technical director , for example , barduno or saisi .
i do n't want to play such a role .
i do n't want to become a club chairman .
( qi liang )
shanxi 's hongdong cao village , wang bing , wang bing , yu xinyi , a fraud involving a suspected fraud case in xinyu village ( picture )
chinanews , july 20 - xim , is a hot topic of discussion among the public .
the domestic media have been paying attention to the progress of the case .
because of the relatively strong financial and economic situations in the locality , some reporters were unable to attend the scene to cover news .
at present , the legend is still in progress .
according to the statistics published by the linfen city intermediate court ,
however , whether the dog could be pronounced in court is still unknown .
at 9 : 00 am , a reporter noticed that a public security organ of the linfen city intermediate court was watching the scene outside the entrance of the courtyard and that the road was calm and the road was interrupted .
perhaps , the court is now conducting a survey of the type of leukemia .
the dog was sometimes as if it was , i believe that the law was just a little .
a roadblock who traveled here was a young man who was looking for a picture of the national emblem .
earlier , the flood - stricken counties confirmed that the defendant wang bing was killed by a bleak of a boy 's mouth cao yumei , former secretary of the party branch of shengli village , and was dismissed from the post of deputy to the county people 's congress according to law .
earlier , wang dongguan was detained by the public security bureau for being suspected of using explosives in secret because of his involvement in the bogus case .
the " red army " was shot and killed by the wang bing 's triads .
the dprk and rok have reached consensus on developing cooperation in the development and exploitation of light industry and underground resources .
chinanews , july 8 - according to a report by zhongguo xinwen she ,
the dprk and the rok held a series of consultations on 7 august on developing light industry and underground resources .
under the agreement , the rok will provide the dprk with clothing and other light industrial products .
according to a report released by the japan federation of sending troops , the rok and the dprk held a series of talks on light industrial and underground resources in the city of kaesong for three days .
under the agreement , the rok will sell its products to the dprk , including garments and soap .
in this regard , the dprk will send three nuclear destroyers , namely , the exploration right of turtle co2 , to the rok .
the rok government will hold a meeting in the western region of yan chuan on 25 july to sell hydrochloric , a first batch of contract materials .
according to the plan , the state will , beginning 28 july , make joint efforts with the dprk to investigate the case of dumping of silk in the east of the dprk .
the rok government started to activate the mechanism of providing 400,000 tons of rice for the dprk .
in the dprk 's willingness to actively carry out its commitments to close down nuclear facilities and other six countries , the dprk and rok have gradually expanded their economic cooperation .
the lanzhou city bureau of customs has decided to impose a price of meat on the top of the price : only because of the excessive price increase is too big a price will be paid for the price of meat .
chinanews , lanzhou , july 10 ( huang party )
at about 4 : 00 this afternoon , the lanzhou city commodity price bureau invited relevant departments to give a public forum on the issue of the price of the cattle .
at the press conference , the bureau of guitang and other departments jointly issued a set of prices for paper , mainly because the price of the bulk is too high .
it is learned that the current price increase in the meat has reached 20 percent . data statistics show that the price has risen from the 80 's of the last century to the average price of the meat in lanzhou .
" the government 's actions are to consider the need to improve the living conditions of ordinary residents in the region , and we have to pay the highest price to the government for the investigation , " said lu jianmin , director of the lanzhou city bureau of commodity and price .
on 26 february , the lanzhou city bureau of commerce and industry for commerce and industry and commerce jointly conducted a survey of the naked meat prices by four departments , and the information revealed that once the incident of a strong concern was revealed , the authorities concerned would be strongly concerned .
it is learned that the forum aims to extensively listen to opinions of all circles and to lay a solid foundation for the detailed procedures for taiwan 's administration in the next step . it is also disclosed that lanzhou will hold a news conference tomorrow .
this will be the first time that the city of lanzhou has held a meeting on the price hike incident .
the punishment of the illegal punishment of the china development promotion association : stop its activities for three months
chinanews , july 11 - according to a news from xinxing . com , on 9 july , the ministry of commerce made a stoppage of activities for three months in the development promotion council of china .
the penalty order shows that the development of china 's regional development council has the following illegal practices : the overriding standard is collected from floating holes , the use of silk powder , and the collection of other fees from non - member units .
after investigations , the mine members were found to have used the product for a total of 2,200 yuan each year . from june to february 2007 , there were 20 - plus - plus units in total , including 20 units in the house of representatives . besides the amount of 2,200 yuan in cash , the other one unit collected the fee from the other to the yuan of each yuan , the other 80 yuan each from the same house , and the other 80 - million yuan were collected from the other .
the central military commission and the ministry of public security have issued a circular on the following day :
the rok government hopes to resolve the korean peninsula nuclear issue through the six - party talks .
chinanews , july 12 - according to a report by the rok news agency , the rok government has been very concerned about the upcoming six - party talks delegation to be held in beijing on 18 july .
the rok foreign and trade ministry spokesman said in a commentary on 12 april that it hopes that the talks will be held at the head of the delegation of the six - party talks , and that the talks can be concluded as soon as possible and the measures for the next stage , as well as the concrete and substantive plans for the six - party talks , thus accelerating the process of denuclearization on the korean peninsula .
the commentary also said : as a nuclear issue in the dprk , the dprk nuclear issue is a key issue , and the chinese government will make unremitting efforts to quickly and successfully realize the denuclearization of the korean peninsula and will work with the countries concerned to this end .
officials revealed that the beijing olympic games could be expected to be the best in the number of participating countries and regions .
chinanews , july 16 - the central news agency ,
xinhua news agency news agency , beijing olympic committee international affairs committee deputy director wang shilin said on 14 february that the beijing olympic organizing committee will hold a meeting next month to discuss the matter of the 205 members of the international olympic committee to participate in the 2020 olympic games .
he said that if the accident occurred , the beijing olympic games would become a major event in the history of participating countries and regions .
the report said that on 10 and 12 april , wang shilin , on behalf of the beijing olympic organizing committee , presented a report to the pan - american sports organization meeting on the progress of the preparatory work for the olympic games , including the construction of the jiuyu highway , etc.
wang shilin said : the pan - american sports organizations have the support of the countries and regions of all members of the shanghai olympic games .
it is learned that during the meeting , the international olympic committee will hold a series of meetings with the beijing olympic committee to formally invite the 205 members of the olympic committee to participate in the olympic games .
( gao shangyang , yang limin )
wang yan 's injury turned for the better , " and " stuck to the sand stomachs and stomach to restore the ' two - level ' - class ' relationship .
the vantage wang yan has been able to sit on the stomach , but it is still not too long to grow , she will feel dizziness , and yesterday zhejiang sports bureau 's silo center director wu xun told this reporter that
before the match , the injured wang yan 's family members were in a sustained improvement . among them , the left and right was the cornestle of the upper limbs and the more than 10 days ago . the two - story silk pows , which was promoted more than 10 days ago , was replaced by two - grade - level silk .
the red tide , wang yan , who was from the six shanghai cans , was lethed from the heavy illness ward in shanghai , was taken to the ward for treatment . her upper limbs were two to three , and her left limbs were three .
in the past half months , wang yan 's upper limb was already very powerful .

in other words , in less than half a month , wang yan 's family members and children , who had been in the limelight , were restored .
the ruthless , wang yan had been able to receive medical treatment and then had to go to the bed for five minutes .
the hospital 's rehabilitation experts have planned to provide a medical treatment for wang yan in the rehabilitation bed last week .
however , according to wang yan 's current recovery , the situation of rehabilitation training is only temporarily postponed .
wu xieqin said : wang yan 's current training is mainly conducted in malady .
venezuelan president says he will cut high - ranking civil servants
chinanews , july 23 - according to a comprehensive report , venezuelan president romano prodi made a report on the internal and foreign policies of venezuela .
he said : the substantial reduction of civil servants ' wages .
he also said that the committee of foreigners who come to venezuela to attack the venezuelan government will face serious consequences and will be expelled .
the guy has ordered government officials to closely monitor the situation of foreigners visiting venezuela and found that anyone who openly criticized him or the commission of government will be punished .
in his speech at the evening of 22 april , he said : venezuela is not tolerant of foreigners going to the homes of their spouses and feet .
in his speech , he also pointed out that he would greatly reduce the number of senior civil servants .
he said : venezuelan civil servants ' wages are not higher than the monthly average of us dollars .
it is learned that in venezuela , some impoverished people 's annual income is $ 1.58 .
in latin american countries , the reduction of civil servants ' wages has become a common practice , and has won the support of the broad masses of the people .
peru , other countries such as peru , have cut their own salary .
the guy also said that cuban leaders reminded him that he had been paying attention to the actions of the us .
he said that the president 's visit to china was a great success for the chinese government , a former director of the us central committee of customs , and asked him to look at the various kinds of irregularities in the central intelligence bureau .
chui yi , a spouse of a man who was involved in the case of yu yi , was temporarily punished
at around midnight beijing time , the international automotive movement council held a meeting on the flawli technology espionage case , which ended in paris , where the person - in - charge of the mai mai - pai fled after a sensational trip : the council decided not to impose a penalties on mai - kai for the time being .
the international automotive union 's official website , after the hearing , issued a statement saying that the bogo bogus steamer muello had a legal ramlahore .
however , the french - speaking spies were not related to the case .
the car sports council will hold a meeting in this decision to express the following : if the carbon dioxide is found in the future , the relevant information will be used for the damage to the championships , and we reserve the request to mai mai to repay the right to hearing the case of the car sports council . at that time , they might be cancelled or even the qualification of the contestants for the 2007 pole - 2008 - 2007 pole champion@@
at present , the number of armenian soldiers who had been suspended for duty has increased by a big margin .
mai , a man in england , was killed by a car .
( wang yuan )
experts believe that insurance intermediation is a short - term matter of the legend of domestic stock funds .
chinanews , july 30 - chinanews .
according to a report by china securities news , the " insurance fund - related regulations on investment management " recently promulgated , insurance funds have more extensive market space and a fairly large amount of capital market use .
the china jiujiang company 's chief investment officer liu lefei said that the appreciation of the renminbi and the domestic capital market are good , and the insurance institution will not be able to purchase foreign exchange through large - scale foreign investment in the short term . this also means that the imm of the domestic insurance company will not be diverted to the stock market within the short term .
the report said that many insurance agencies hold the same viewpoint .
experts said that because of the current lack of renminbi products , the insurance industry has not yet made any risky measures , and therefore the large - scale purchase of foreign exchange is not mature .
liu lefei said : over the long term , in the aspect of asset allocation , foreign investment should be made in the overall distribution of insurance companies .
however , given the current situation of the rmb , the pressure of appreciation is relatively big , china 's commodity prices will mainly use its own foreign exchange funds to invest outside the country .
the government will also take a series of measures to support foreign exchange purchase .
( shanghainese )
china 's investment in steel has reached 525 billion yuan this year
this reporter has learned from the headquarters of the national flood prevention and drought control headquarters that , as of july , 188 - million mu of farmland were affected by natural disasters , of which 54.14 - million mu were affected , 1.1.19 - million people were affected , 652 people died of natural disasters , 45.52 - million yuan in housing , 55.25 - million yuan in direct economic losses .
the arable land nationwide is 1.40 billion mu , and there are many other things like a giant paddy , which is a result of a carelessness in the cake .
on july , the national flood prevention and drought control headquarters issued a circular on the current severe flood prevention and drought control situation .
the circular urged all localities and departments in the huai river to strengthen the management of red tide , strengthen supervision over water - losing period , seize the green holes in flood prevention , and comprehensively win victories .
the state general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control and other departments have sent three working groups to inspect the flood prevention work , the first line of work , and the work of providing guidance for flood prevention and drought control in the severe drought - stricken areas .
at present , the leukemia work is in an orderly manner .

the jiujiang jiangxi province , in accordance with the plan , launched an emergency response against drought and an intensive and orderly drive to combat drought .
the chinese government has decided to provide more assistance to the dprk in its economic development , said a senior chinese official here thursday .
chen shui - bian 's secret approval of judicial intervention in election taiwan 's " judicial yuan " denied and wanted to explain it .
chinanews , july 20 - chen shui - bian says that chen shui - bian 's attempt to get involved in the election of taiwan 's leader .
taiwan 's kanchuang administration , a small paper , said that the same day , the island 's judge 's present performance is different from what chen shui - bian said , and demanded that chen shui - bian explain his remarks .
according to a report by taiwan 's " yuanyu " on 30 march , chen shui - bian questioned whether a judge was engaged in a malicious spell or because of political factors or election considerations . he even attempted to influence the election activities of all parties , claiming that he hoped that such a phenomenon would not exist in taiwan , but it is very difficult .
in view of chen shui - bian 's doubt , the taiwan justice minister said , " the communist china is a big country , not responding to the criticism of the rumor , the secretary general of the kao kyi [ gao jie ] , who is a deputy director of the administration of justice , spoke about it .
gao jinchi said : the taiwan basic law and the law governing judges are all imprinted in the words of justice , declaring that judges should go beyond the party and not participate in the activities of political parties , and that judges should be very cautious about the relevant restrictions . they believe that justice is very cautious and that the justice department believes that justice is good .
gao jinyu pointed out that the kitty hawk was broken by the cage of a judge , zhang shengxi , who participated in the castle at the kadaara school several years ago , that is , because the relevant courses have a political party colour and are a member of the self - discipline committee of the judge .
zhang hongxi once wanted to participate in the dpp 's interchange because he took over the election because he took over the post .
gao jinchi held that if the individual case is a case , it is a case that is at the level of trial , and it is not possible to be able to win the victory in the case in a single case , and that the judge should not have political intentions .
germany to lower professional standards
the pla navy 's air force 's first artillery corps has successfully launched a series of training courses in the fields of military training , military training , and the training of troops .
german education and scientific research minister shaukat sawen said recently that germany should lower the " silk law " and make a decision on introducing specialized personnel from foreign countries , and increase the use of foreign talent to resolve the problems facing germany .
according to the report of the oecd , germany has a population of 15 years and 64 years of age , and the number of laborers is expected to decline year after year .
if there is no sufficient immigration , by 2020 , german jos , will be more than the current 60 percent .
however , the federation of german employers and the german engineer association have reported that in germany , the labor market is still at a low level , with the technology of engineers , a relatively large number of technical personnel .
according to the statistics released by the federal labor bureau , in may this year , the number of engineers in the german labor market was approximately 1.270,000 , and the number of technicians supplying polyester is about 9600 .
in order to protect its own people 's employment , germany has set up a relatively high standard for introducing foreign talents .
germany 's " scriptures " stipulate that non - eu countries are not qualified in germany .
shahid suggested that the quota be reduced to 30 percent of the euro .
do not superstitiously believe in legal doctrine
the " decision " recently submitted to the npc standing committee for deliberation on the revision of the " law of lawyers " stipulates : those who have engaged in legal research , such as engaging in legal studies , have high level of academic standards such as senior thump or similar to professional level , apply for lawyers ' law enforcement , and are subject to the approval of the state council 's judicial and administrative departments , and are subject to the approval of the law enforcement department .
( 28 june ) zhongguo xinwen she )
in the law , there are two kinds of legend and crystallization of the legend of the ocean , and the former mainly includes legal , research , etc. , the latter is more important than engaging in litigation legal inquiry .
for a long time , the law circles and the practice of leyi - yu business have existed in the field of science , a lethless phenomenon , a legend in the theory circles , believing that the substantial foundation of the legal profession lacks necessary foundation , and that it is only the morgan stanley doctrine , and the polo - rule , the criticism of the big family of the confucius of the confucius theory is the guiding practice of the confucius
for such a division of labor , the law can do anything that can be done .
however , the " law of lawyers " has nothing to do with the practice of collecting evidence from others .
in fact , some people engaged in the study of the legal system , such as the international law of justice , and other pure theories , have been replaced by their theoretical study with legal practice .
in this way , the law of justice of the doorstep is undoubtedly a legal document for legal affairs .
the practice of using the lethal theory is still not only the above , but also the practice of using the biomedical evidence , such as experts and scholars , will often affect or even reject the court 's judgment . this is also the direct expression of this superstition .
and encourage chinese ships to fly in the waters .
the pla navy 's first batch of new - type missile destroyers , which is the first batch of high - tech weapons , will be launched in the second half of this year .
from the state council 's news conference , the news from the news conference that starting 1 july this year , china will implement the china international shipping special case involving international shipping companies . it will encourage the hoisting of chinese ships and ships from outside the flag to register and obtain the written information of the prc 's red - colored sailors .
to further promote the development of china 's maritime industry and to strengthen the country 's maritime industry , the ministry of national defense issued a circular on the fact that china has a large number of ships engaged in international navigation registration and hanging of foreign flag . the ministry of communications recently issued a " circular on implementing the special task force on international shipping shipping of chinese - invested international shipping " , which clearly states that they enjoy the special conditions and procedures for applying for special case .
the application can be made by the ship in the shanghai jiuquan port for registration .
britain lowers terrorist attack rate
in the evening of 5 july , the pla london - based " shenzhou - ii " [ pla ] - - - the " shenzhou - ii " [ acronyms as published ] - - - the " shenzhou - ii " [ acronyms as published ] - - - the " shenzhou - ii " [ acronyms as published ] - - - i ] - - ii - 2000 - 2000 - 2000 - 2000 - 2000 - 2000 - 2000 - 2001 - 2000 - 2000 -
the british government 's sinister attack has been transmitted from the highest level to the lower level of the department of justice , which said that british terrorist attacks would soon take place , but the attack still involves a very possibly martial moro .
at present , the british police are investigating the case to india and australia .
as the arrested eight people were suspected of terrorist attacks , they were all in the medical system , and the government would take a comprehensive and thorough investigation into the background of migrants from abroad who have been working in the medical system .
it is learned that nearly 20 percent of the total number of people working in the public health system in britain have been working in the hospital .
prime minister john howard also demanded that the emigrants of high technology be investigated and that the employer or the relevant organizations be asked to provide background information .
you do n't know how to sell them .
the number of such illegal tourists is slice .
but in the country , the number of people traveled in this way .
whether it is automobile or train , the car is still a big one , and the skull is always faced with small business sales and some unverified intermediary .
it is not a matter of scud . it is a matter of selling newspapers and periodicals , and it is also a matter of fact that many intermediary organizations introduced the contents of the dining , or even made false evidence .
if you do n't accept it , he can chase you several hundred meters , a lot of water , and it 's not successful .
in some wind - filled areas , many things are equally common ,
without the gate , it would be impossible for someone to make such a big affair .
when i arrived at the door , this situation became even more .
there was media reports that by the time of the visit , many foreign tourists went to xi ' an to pay attention to the monument of xi ' an , but they had to pay more attention to allowing more of the pile of small business hawkers to go around .
these include the wind - filled fans of the station , the cracks of the bamboo and the place of the ruins , the ruins should be orderly , harmonious , and unrelenting . the environment of the silk heart of the throat was created .
the sales of free white paper , the bluster of the silk , and the bluster of the legend , objectively destroyed the public order of these things , and formed a system of pollution and environmental pollution . meanwhile , it also provided the conditions and conditions for the lease to provide them .
the important thing is that these things are the root of the spiritual civilization construction in hong kong , but the legend is not only the image of the whole , but also the impact on local economic development .
let us imagine , if you want to be a strong tourist industry , you use this kind of chaotic and totally unusual tourism environment to greet the arrival of the guests from south to north , and who is willing to come ?
your travel economy is also a good example .
with the rapid growth of tourism , the weather has brought about a great deal of new opportunities for tourists from the north of tiannan . it should be said that the most pressing task at the moment is to create a civilized tourism environment .
the guy is not a market , the hawker is a business behavior of small businesses . it is not a business that has no license to be operated resolutely . illegal activities should be resolutely cracked down on .
a civilized and orderly environment is the only way to make things happy .
one sentence is : the cake is not easy to sell .
the
the dongcheng district in beijing is a small house for the distribution of electric products and other articles . as a result , it is necessary to protect the basic living expenses of 12 families on their own initiative .
( new beijing news )
this writer has provided a good opportunity for the improvement of the living conditions of these families , but it has taken the initiative to reverse the verdict , and there is still a practice of rewards for others .
the jiuquan street office deputy director said that , in view of the malicious malfeasance and other problems , the company has encouraged the active pension insurance and has set an example for other low - income families .
this example , if it is encouraging other low - income insurers to use their own efforts to extricate themselves from difficulties , it is indeed worth advocating , and if it is to use them to promote the long - term practice of cheating for low - income workers , it is not possible to be some naive people .
in terms of differentiation and clearing away the leukemia , more efforts should be made to protect the property .
the departments concerned should strengthen the management of the minimum - income insurance , and should ensure that the insurance companies are informed of the situation in the course of their income changes , report their employment situation , and accept regular reviews .
after all , the practice of replacing old silk with silk is a long - term project .
the streets are not allowed to pay for the protection of the family .
as the first - level government organization , its expenditure is determined by the budget .
the number of tax fraud cases is not the same as the money they should pay .
on the one hand , the family that withdraws from the low - income families has possessed certain standard of self - protection ability , while on the other hand , the number of people applying for low - income insurance is not yet ?
the " falungong " cult , which is called saving money , should use the snow - covered funds to deliver the abundance of the money , rather than the " golden triangle . "
liu said that china is willing to serve as a service , but it is more difficult to understand this remark .
on 10 july , the first public - drum - running town in the country was a new village in xinlan town in xinxin district , luliang liu , who was elected for the fourth time , was accepted by democratic progressive party , with a rate of 979 percent .
at the news conference , liu gang said that the chinese government has always attached importance to the development of the sino - japanese friendship , and has made great efforts to promote the development of sino - japanese relations .
yesterday 's " xinjing bao " published an article in the " xin jing bao " : " the taiwan authorities have not yet made a decision on the issue of the " three links " in the past .
liu said that the chinese language used in the silk of the qing dynasty was more important than some appointed cadres , and the japanese government was too imitated .
the public - run election is more open than the election system .
power sources and the power to be held responsible are the basic criteria for determining the candidate to carry out his work .
some people doubt such a democratic process .
my view is that the people with such a character of democracy are mostly engaged in the following practices : the practice of democratic evolution is better than the practice of democratic evolution .
in view of the fact that the building of democracy at the grass - roots level in china and the current situation , i believe that the public - to - party elections are a major breakthrough , and democracy is an important component part of this kind of democratic revolution , which is of great significance to promoting the building of grassroots - level democratic politics .
india is expected to be the first female president to be elected
on 23 june , the paste presidential candidate wrote a letter written by a candidate .
indian presidential election on 19 april began , a new president announced that he would be elected as president of the republic of india at the invitation of his current vice president shevardnadze and former prime minister of india bakoimi .
the pope is the first in india 's history of female presidential candidate . if she was elected , she would become a member of india 's first female president .
the pope is the ruling party 's presidential candidate . shelley , shevardnadze , who is from the opposition party .
because of the fact that the congress party has won a majority in the presidential election , the media and the people have been making a lot of complaints , and the possibility of pawn being elected is quite big .
the 72 - year - old paste , jayaobo , is a female .
she
she also worked for social welfare , and was a result of many cultural exchanges and social welfare organizations .
analysts pointed out that paediech is the result of her efforts to promote democracy in the united states because she has always been a candidate because she has always been a president of the indian national assembly .
in india , the united states , which has long been in power , has been in power for a long time .
the pigs were greatly affected by the embarrassment of a large number of female voters , believing that paeki would discriminate against women 's serious image , and enhance the status of a woman .
the constitution stipulates that india is the country of the federal system , and the president is the head of state of the country under the name of a president , and it does not represent any party organization , and more of this is a symbolic .
( yan ying ) yi yu
the united states supports the palestinian government 's expulsion of extremist palestinian officials
the pla navy 's air force 's ( air force ) air force 's ( air force ) air force command center has been officially established in the united states for the first time in the past few years .
us president bush said on 21 march that the united states would give full support to the pakistani government 's efforts to build a house of silk , an extremist , and a small exile from the region of pakistan and afghanistan .
bush said at the weekly routine news conference that day that the united states will not be able to use force against the united states in accordance with the new intelligence , such as the us intelligence gathering in pakistan and afghanistan .
he expressed his regret over this .
bush said that the united states will continue to support president musharraf and believes that musharraf will persist in the alliance with the kremlin , as well as armed elements , in the struggle .
the united states recently issued the " national intelligence assessment " report , pointing out that the armed organizations of muslims , especially the lethal corp , have been very interested in the united states .
masharazi said in september last year that he and some tribes in the northern region of pakistan reached a consensus on preventing the spread of leuku and qimuigyi members ' activities .
these tribes are the first to use the silk bamboo , or have no capability to protect the security of the region .
bush said in his earlier tape that he was not in office , but he was in a position to redress this mistake .
the united states hopes that the dprk nuclear issue agreement will be fully implemented
the pla navy 's air force 's ( air force ) air force 's ( air force ) air force command headquarters , which is located in the southern part of the country 's central military commission , has been officially established in the united states on 24 july .
us assistant secretary of state john bolton said on the korean nuclear issue that the united states has not made any progress on the dprk nuclear issue last week .
the united states is very much hoping that the united states will continue to make efforts to resolve the dprk nuclear issue through the " 19 september joint statement " and the " 23 february joint document . "
" we are very happy to see that the united states has made a big mistake in its efforts to achieve a complete resolution of the dprk nuclear issue , " said hynix at a press conference on the same day .
he hoped that all parties concerned would be able to make a comprehensive implementation of the dprk nuclear issue within a year .
hill also said that the dprk would continue to play a constructive role in the talks on security and energy issues .
the climate change has led to a strong ebb in algiers .
the report on the work of the chinese academy of social sciences ( cass ) , which was published in the chinese academy of social sciences ,
the swiss academy of sciences 's experts have long tracking and research discovered that from 1850 to 1950 , yu from switzerland 's tiesium , yu tieyu from switzerland , is now reducing at an average annual rate of 3-3 percent .
the number of such malaria alone has led to the loss of the arcelor of alice .
experts believe that by the year 201 , the global temperature will rise by three , four , four , four , three , three , four , three , three , four , four , three , four , and five .
arleli icea is the longest icon in europe , and has been listed as the world heritage site of the united nations , but it is still impolite to be published in 2006 .
the tu - 23 is a long - range aic iceberg .
liu jun .
the beijing olympic games were all aimed at making the olympic games a civilized consumer .
the pla navy 's air force 's first artillery corps has successfully launched a series of training programs for the pla navy 's air force units in the new century .
reporter liang jie reports from the china consumer association : in the afternoon of 8 august , the olympic games held at the 29th olympic games will soon be full of twists and turns , the association of consumers in beijing municipality , the association for consumers , the association for protecting consumers ' rights and interests , the association of consumers of shanghai consumers , the qinhuangdao consumers association , and the hong kong consumer council , in the name of the association for protecting consumers ' rights and interests in six districts .
the proposal proposed that from my toxic , strengthen the sense of the humanistic olympics , learn from the knowledge of the gift , raise civilization , practice civilized standards , observe social morality , and be a civilized consumers who know and gifts .
and enhance the sense of the green olympics , protect the ecological environment , cherish the bitter fruit of this , actively promote sustainable consumption , and be a consumer of advocating green consumption .
and establish a concept of diligence and thrift , change the consumption concept , make blind efforts to compare things , oppose extravagance and waste , and be a rational consumer with a scientific concept of consumption ;
the increase of consumer protection awareness and take the initiative to participate in social supervision , and to consciously respect the protection of intellectual property rights , correctly understand rights and obligations , and act as a rational consumer protection right in accordance with the law ;
we should advocate the spirit of being arrogant and active in participating in the olympic games , propagate the idea of the olympic games , and be a disseminator of the olympic spirit .
the police 's " kitty " hong kong 's " tien route " is a symbol of the " hong kong people 's movement " of hong kong 's 10 years of history .
on 1 july , the nanjing jinghai temple was named jiuhai , and the bell was again knocked down by a big guy .
this thick historical fact has left a deep impression on the people through the tv relay , the chinese communists in nanjing and nanjing , together with compatriots in hong kong , are now making concerted efforts to celebrate the 80th anniversary of hong kong 's return to the motherland .
over the past 10 years , the silk road in nanjing 's jinghai temple was filled with a mess of 150 meters above the sea level .
not a big scud , the people of all walks of life in nanjing gathered together , saying that it is necessary to use their own silk to make the police the world , always warn themselves and not forget about history .
the police
zhong weishun was 1.979 meters tall , but yang jiuyue was born in hong kong .
in those years , the police 's planning and erection of the zhong zhong wang xinling explained that the five - gorge of manikin was written around zhong , and the whole zhong zhong used a high - altitude , two sculptures of sculptures , signifying that hong kong is a symbol of the motherland 's ming and pearl , and the last year 's ming dynasty , the flowers of the great flowers of the nanjing city were used as a triumph
the first proposal in those years to build the police world was made by yu xiaodong , a democratic figure who was the first to build the police force , and the hong kong authorities , which had returned to hong kong for 10 years , he hoped that hong kong would be able to take a bright silk road as if the monastery was in a dark cloud , and that it was not a vantage of any mighty , and that was not a vantage .
( end ) zhu rongji
the russian security council accused the oligator of " conspiracy to launch a big wave "
the british exile in london is a little bit lenient , a lawyer of boris berkov , who is in exile in london , announced on 2 july that the russian federal security bureau has formally submitted a new accusation against him , accusing that mike kirkuo was plotting a new state of affairs , and attempting to seize the russian regime by violence .
bovkov pointed out : the first meeting of the russian federation council in april this year in which he was interviewed by a british newspaper , boris said that he was prepared to launch a legend in russia , which confirmed that he had made a decision to the right - wing elite who was opposed to the authorities ' policy .
the russian federation security council 's reconnaissance bureau immediately made a decision on the issue of the " russian federation criminal " article 278 of the criminal law , which is an act of violence against other countries . recently , the russian state security bureau officially submitted a request to the moscow state council for the corresponding accusations .
it is learned that in february 2006 , the general procuratorate of the russian federation put forward a criminal case against harry , and according to the same evidence that the exile olonate olmert was attempting to seize the russian regime by force .
it is not easy to see that the pereminent and exile foreign countries have been extradited , and russia has temporarily suspended the investigation of the case for the time being in january 2007 .
on 2 july , the russian state duma court began to hear the case of the oligarchy .
brown believed that these were all silk and silk . he explicitly prohibited his own counsel from participating in such activities .
( bi yuan )
the yuanhua duty position in guangxi has been monitored by the administrative efficiency of 619 people .
since the beginning of this year , various localities and departments in guangxi have launched a series of activities to change the work style of cadres , strengthening administrative efficiency , and implementing the practice of first interrogation when the system of first accountability was implemented .
up to now , 619 people have been held accountable .
the reporter learned from the xinyang jiuquan discipline inspection commission that at present , guangxi has initially formed a regional customs agency jiujie county administrative efficiency supervision network , with the result that the supervision of key departments ' responsibilities has been strengthened , and 14 cities have made electronic supervision systems complete the integration of the autonomous region .
the autonomous region 's administrative efficiency electronic supervision system has directly linked up the entire process of the work of monitoring and controlling the investment environment and the production and life of the masses of the people in the autonomous region , further standardized the examination and approval behavior , and improved the efficiency of examination and approval .
at the same time , the discipline inspection and supervision organs at all levels in guangxi have seriously investigated and handled cases involving the interests of the masses , involving the work style of work , investigated 1132 pieces of paper , investigated 769 pieces , and dealt with 619 units of 584 units .
the standing committee of the provincial party committee of the guiyang discipline inspection commission said on 5 march that an administrative efficiency supervision is an important task that has been followed by administrative activities and should be gradually formed into an effective mechanism .
guangxi should further improve and standardize the administrative system , and should make greater efforts to establish and improve the mechanisms for supervision over administrative efficiency .
the chinese government has decided to set up a special committee to conduct a comprehensive review of the situation in the country , said a senior chinese official here thursday .
nato does not rule out the possibility of launching a military confrontation with the united states on the abm issue .
nato information officer siazon said in a statement that the united states and china have no intention of attacking the dprk , but they have no intention of linking the us anti - missile system with nato 's self - defense system .
the sia - anna manzou said that nato is currently studying the us anti - missile plan and hopes that the united states ' anti - missile bases will cover all european allies .
she said : nato has its own theater missile defense system , and has also established a " strategic partnership " with regard to the establishment of the us anti - missile system and the nato 's own defense system .
she also said that the us decision to establish a anti - missile system in europe , nato will promptly pass various channels to hold consultations with russia .
the chinese government has decided to provide more assistance to the dprk in its economic development , said a senior chinese official here thursday .
the two jordanian men were arrested for plotting the attack of the americans .
the two jordanian men were arrested for conspiracy to attack the us in jordan on 11 april .
the two men , both of them , were aged 25 and were released by police after a gunshot by a man of a smile .
the court said that the kitty was also charged with illegal possession of powder , unlawful possession of explosives , when searching him .
the court had originally decided to grant a life imprisonment to allawi , and later considered a morphine for him to change his status of being a monastery , which would cut it for eight years .
the indictment said that the two defendants had been accused of making a false representation for the abu , a bullied american , and a small number of muslims who were bullied by the americans in jordan after the iraq war .
in august 2006 , they discovered a man who was working in the capital of jordan , anman , living in a dead body of a person , but before the attack was arrested by the police .
the indictment did not openly announce the name of the american .
the indictment also accused the two defendants of attacking other americans .
the chinese government has decided to further strengthen its cooperation with the united states in the field of energy , energy and environmental protection , said a senior chinese official here thursday .
the chinese government has always been concerned about the possible adverse effects of the disease , and has been concerned about the possible impact of the disease on the public .
according to the us media report on 15 february , the anti - diabetes drug , the heart - to - heart attacks , and other bad - reaction reports recently have shown a trend of a sharp rise in the united states .
the food and drug authority ( fda ) released a safety warning in may this year , suggesting that diabetes should use the words of alcohol , because scientists published in the first edition of the " xinyu medical journal " published on 21 may said that this kind of substitute drugs will greatly increase the patient 's heart disease and the malaria of the patients .
wen di 's thumb was affected by the medical and patient 's close attention .
statistics show that in the issue of safety warning , about one month later , the us pharmaceutical authority ( ha ) received 357 security warnings , which included a total of 357 non - related reports , 38 of which were reported dead .
in the first two months of this year , the drug authority received only one application for the registration of 50 cases and 73 non - compliance reports .
these bad responses are less than the water bubble , and the weight is more than the sudden death of the heart attack .
however , the us drug authority 's drug expert has said that the drug problem is not the only one to be identified .
the drug authority will launch a new round of public consultation on the use of leukaemia on 30 july .
in 1999 , the jiuhua was a kind of pancrea .
there are about 6 million people in the world who have taken diabetes or are taking diallo .
wen di 's thumb , glaxosmik , has always believed that the man 's safety was safe . moreover , he said that he was more interested in the case than the polo .
the united states wants to reopen the middle east peace talks
us president bush said on 16 april in washington that he called for holding a summit meeting in fall on palestinian - israeli issues .
on 17 january , bush also called egypt 's president mubarak , jordanian king abkemi , and saudi king jui , demanding them to actively respond to the proposal and take practical action to support the palestinian national authority chairman abbas , to help palestine and israel resume peace talks at an early date .
abbas said that the palestinian central committee will discuss the palestinian - israeli general election issue ahead of schedule
the palestinian national authority chairman abbas said in a statement on 18 february in ramallah that the palestinian liberation organization ( palestinian liberation organization ) 's two - day meeting was held in ramallah , and the meeting will discuss the issue of holding a palestinian national authority and a legislative council election ahead of schedule .
abbas said in ramallah that day that he was in charge of the eu foreign and security affairs , and that he was speaking in a press conference following that .
at the same time , abbas expressed his appreciation for the relations between palestinian national authority and the european union .
he said : the palestinian side welcomes the eu 's positive response to the palestinian president 's government .
abbas urged the eu to continue to impose sanctions on the palestinian people in gaza .
the vatican reiterated the eu 's stance on abbas and the palestinian people .
he said that the middle east issue is related to the united nations , the united states , and russia , and will be held on 19 february to discuss the issue of reopening the middle east peace process . the next few days will be proposed to be proposed .
the guy said that the eu has deployed international troops in gaza , and that it is still necessary to cooperate with other parties to discuss the issue , especially with the united nations .
the chinese government has decided to provide more assistance to the dprk in its nuclear program , said a senior chinese official here tuesday .
jiangxi will provide more funds for developing agricultural products for 30 years
for a long time , a large number of professional and technical personnel in public health have been engaged in rural work , and have paid a price of unhealthy tendencies for the public health undertaking at the grassroots level and the peasants ' health .
jiangxi province recently decided to build a 30 - year - old health care specialized personnel training center in rural areas to issue a letter of honor to the rural health workers for 30 years .
according to the jiangxi provincial health department , under the direct leadership of the town and township health care center , the work of building specialized health technology has the characteristics of having a secondary or tertiary education and a professional health technology of more than primary health care , and all those who have been in the town and township health center for continuous merging with the village blood defense group and the work of massage for 30 years in the township health center or the wind and wind are in the scope of the work .
the first batch of final accounting documents was held on the end of july .
the party committees and governments at all levels should take the following measures : 1 ) giving awards to those who have met the requirements for rural health work , and should also issue certificates to the higher authorities in charge of examination - approval for imposition of impotent , giving priority to taking care of and giving preferential treatment to the neglect of the project .
the high - level examination is a solely - qualified one , and the results are mainly based on actual work ability , and the conditions of scientific research and theses are appropriately relaxed , and the qualifications are removed ;
the jiangxi provincial health department will also arrange a certain number of vacuum places every year to provide a certain amount of funding .
beginning this year , jiangxi province will issue a total of 40,000 yuan of diamond every two years for rural health work .
the chinese government has decided to provide more assistance to the dprk in its economic development , said a senior chinese official here thursday .
the us department of defense reconsidered the reduction of us military plans in europe and us military plans
the us defense department official said on 23 march that due to the iraq war and the changes in the world situation , the us department of defense is reconsidering the plan to cut the number of us troops stationed in europe by about half .
the us media quoted a defense official as saying that the united states has been forced to withdraw its troops because the iraq war is still underway and the relations between the united states and russia and iran are deteriorating . the ministry of national defense has raised doubts about the feasibility of reducing the european military deployment plan .

at present , the us forces in europe have already fallen to the bottom of the matter .
however , in june this year , us military european command commander richard doch told the current defense minister that he was " very concerned " about the above reduction plan .
the report said that the us forces in europe have made great efforts to reduce their military strength , and many of them have been transferred to iraq and afghanistan combat in a rotating manner , causing the shortage of us military personnel in europe and unable to conduct normal cooperation with european allies .
the report recommends that the united states stop its military plans in europe .
the relevant us experts believe that the above phenomenon shows that the iraq war has been dragged on by the dragging of the original us military 's reshuffling plan .
the chinese government has decided to further strengthen its cooperation with the united states in the field of energy , energy , and energy , said a senior chinese official here tuesday .
the shandong 's yuanzhou city has launched a project to build a safe production movie into the community
rmrb commentator on ' three represents ' qingdao , 26 jul ( xinhua ) -- today , the qingdao people 's network [ people 's network ] has been officially opened to the public .
to further deepen the reform of urban civilization , the three kinds of communications have been replaced by the rule of law and traffic safety awareness among the vast numbers of citizens , and to enhance the consciousness of observing the law . from 20 to 10 august ( weekly somp , three weekly ) , yulijiu city 's jiuzhou city people 's palace , the great wall of the three great wall of the great wall of the great wall of the great wall of the people 's square , the
in the movie before the opening , the red tide group printed the " silk " written by the yuanzheng group -- a bell for protecting the lives of the broad masses of citizens and some publicity materials to the public , and also broadcast the " tomcon 's angyu 's warning on life " and " school road " special traffic column .
the one in the film was a great scene of concern among citizens .
in particular , the " theory of school education " has a special topic , and it is through thick and wool to let it be understood that it is a deep education .
this movie has attracted the attention of more than 3,500 residents around the square , especially some people who came to the ruoyu , as well as the workers of the company , all sitting at the center with great relic .
the transportation safety film was sent to the community ( + yi ) , the construction site , and the construction site was completely closed .
the ministry of health said that the food industry in china will gradually implement the system of public health supervision .
to better serve the implementation of the " food hygiene law , " the state council 's " decision on further strengthening food safety work , " the ministry of health has separately set up a special column in haidian district of beijing , jiushi food , yan yan , a native of taizhou city in jiangsu province , hangzhou city , henan province , luoyang city , hubei province , and hainan province , three ancient han dynasty , and sichuan province , to supervise the situation of drinking water quality
this system also will be gradually developed to the national level .
restaurant receipts in the restaurant industry
according to presentations , the notice will adopt the health ministry 's unified , unified , and diversified forms , including nine health conditions , and the results of the comprehensive evaluation of results .
the chinese government has decided to provide more assistance to the dprk in its economic development , said a senior chinese official here thursday .
the security council has decided to extend the term of office of peacekeeping forces in ethiopia
the un security council unanimously adopted a resolution on 30 august , agreeing to remove the un amusement and the amuia peacekeeping force ( eituyu ) for six months to next year .
the resolution urges all parties concerned to fulfill their commitments , keep restraints , and ease the tense situation , and avoid muddling military activities , and called on ecuadorian troops and its military equipment to withdraw from the temporary security zone , and called on us to reduce the recent military presence of deployment in the vicinity of the temporary security zone .
the resolution demanded that the united states immediately take concrete steps to prevent the eritrean border committee from being involved in the case of a non - traded border , and demanded that the eritrean authorities stop the undelay of the construction of the silk bridge , and cancel all the restrictions imposed on the operation and operations of the eebola group .
the resolution reiterates its full support for the efforts of the eritrean border committee and its support for the commission 's decision to hold a meeting in new york on 6 september .
in 1998 , eritrea and mali broke out border conflicts , causing many deaths .
in june 2000 , the two sides held a ceremony in algiers , algeria .
the united nations began to hold the first meeting of the un peacekeeping force in the ethiopia - eritrea border in july 2001 to supervise the implementation of the cease - fire agreement between the two countries .
the chinese government has decided to set up a special economic zone in the southern province of hunan province , said wang zhaoguo , deputy director of the hunan provincial party committee of the cpc central committee .
the olympic games , which is the national anarchy of the dragon , opened
the pla navy 's air force unit , chengdu , 30 june ( jiefangjun bao ) -- on 30 june ,
xing juxing , a native of yuyuan , said : to implement the party central committee 's decision on building a harmonious socialist society and to coordinate with the building of a new socialist countryside , the entire people and the olympic ribbon theme have enriched the cultural and sports life of the masses , the national league of tomcuyu , the national county of the usan , was started on 30 march in the city of xibaidu county .
the six - day event attracted the attention of the world 's 10 county - level men 's images .
according to the regulations , the number of athletes participating in this competition must be from + tu , who are aged 18 or above .
all 2006 - 2007 projects are listed in the state sports general administration 's management center for physicians and professional athletes , and are not allowed to participate .
the competition was conducted in a new form of the " silk rules " approved by the china association for promoting friendship , which was divided into two stages of preliminary and final .
the competition was jointly organised by the state sports general administration , the china silk association , the china international sports tourism corporation , and other organizations .
in recent years , the chinese people , who have been engaged in cultural and sports undertakings in ancient times , have developed rapidly . the shuangyu county has successively obtained national advanced sports counties , such as yangji , the advanced sports units of the masses across the country , and other advanced units .
in particular , in the new rural construction , the two - way counties have vigorously implemented the project of using the sports facilities of the peasants , integrated the construction of sports facilities with the rural areas , beautified the green belt , integrated the building of sports facilities with the efforts to build rural areas , built sports facilities around the peasants , and covered sports service systems to the rural areas , actively promoted and launched educational projects with local characteristics , such as the " spring of the peasants " in the area of
the modern uniform three major functions :
first , the functions of identification .
different countries ' armed forces are different from other armed forces .
in the world , the world 's largest and small countries ' armed forces are the most powerful and powerful force in terms of military uniforms , but there are no two countries ' armed forces .
second , symbolizing functions .
in a certain sense , the military uniforms are both the spiritual appearance of a country and the national character . it is also a national spiritual product of a country 's armed forces ' combat capability .
in the dress of the liquid , the three big clothes were used for the uniform , and the most capable of showing the martial arts of the army , the streamlining of the mimicry , and the gifts .
third , the protective functions .
with the development of new and high - tech weapons and equipment , the new - type comprehensive protection capability of new - type combat clothes has enabled the uniform to have anti - chemical warfare antichemical warfare antitank bacilline antibiomia , and the pump - mud gas pipe - mud - mud - mud - mud - mud - mud - pole function has become the most important problem in the development of uniform .
shi yunsheng : the chinese people have always been concerned about the situation in the korean peninsula .
a certain brigade party committee organ handles problems
the pla navy 's air force 's first artillery corps has successfully launched a series of training courses in the past few days .
the chinese people 's volunteers , including yang yi , are engaged in the following : we can keep a house of silk , and it is because the big team 's organs of the qing dynasty and the courage and courage of the party committee .
today , the first group of commanding officers of a communications training regiment under the chengdu military region have been gratified by the practice of communications by more than 10 cadres . they have been very concerned about the big problem of resolving the problem of overthrow the real bug - bug and the silk .
the united states , which has been engaged in the following activities of destroying the chinese character , has been gradually relocated to the house of the company several years ago , which has caused the housing difficulties of the existing cadres and has made it quite big .
the group also had already cleared several houses , and they were all blocked by various resistance .
the guy can only be a bit more nice if it is not solved .
the new party committee leadership group has reached a consensus , and the principal leaders personally started to conduct investigations and studies on all violations of regulations and occupations .
they said that the thief , the impoly , the legend of the matter , the leukemia of the qing army , the application of an economy used in an economy , indicated that the party committee 's firm determination and principled stand .
we must not be unfamiliar with some housing structures , but we must not be willing to retreat from home . party committee organs promptly contacted the unit where they belonged to make contact and take corresponding measures to promote them in coordination with the work of the troops .
after two months of hard work , the red tide inside the leather was completely broken , all the households that had violated regulations and occupied the housing . all the officers in the brigade were assigned to the housing according to the regulations .
the party committee of the brigade dared to fight tough battles with real and tough work , and it also produced a negative effect . the original several former leaders who were unwilling to cooperate with the organization 's distribution have now expressed their willingness to submit themselves to the organization 's decision .
qiao qingchen meets bangladesh air force chief
the pla navy 's air force 's anti - aircraft artillery corps has successfully launched a series of training programs for the troops in the new century .
reporter zhang shun reporting : cmc member yu youyue , commander of the pla air force , met with the bangladesh air force chief of staff xue yuhan and his party in beijing today .
qiao qingchen said : the chinese and bangladesh have enjoyed a sound and stable development of bilateral relations since the establishment of diplomatic relations . high - level exchanges and friendly exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been constantly strengthened .
the two countries have always supported each other in international affairs and in their national construction .
china appreciates and thanks bangladesh for its efforts to promote human rights and tibet .
qiao qingchen said that the chinese armed forces value the development of friendly relations with the bangladesh armed forces and hopes that with the joint efforts of both sides , the friendly cooperation between the two armed forces will be further expanded and the air force of the two countries will be strengthened to further promote the friendly exchanges and cooperation between the two armies to a new level .
zaio said that bangladesh will make efforts to further develop the friendly and cooperative relations between the two armies , especially the two air forces .
he reiterated that the bangladesh government will , as always , adhere to the one - china policy .
prior to the meeting , qiao qingchen made a speech at the welcoming ceremony for zibar 's visit .
zido arrived here on a three - day visit to china on 8 july at the invitation of qiao qingchen .
the 2007 edition of the military uniform designer 's book on the chinese military internet
the pla navy 's air force 's first batch of new - type missile destroyers , which were built in the pla 's first batch of units , will be replaced by the pla 's first batch of new - type military uniforms on 1 august .
tonight , the china military online has invited experts of military affairs , such as leukemia , to be invited by deputy director of the armament bureau chen jun and senior engineer of the institute of armament research institute of the institute of mechanics , su yang , who is a senior designer of the chinese military , and born with the military internet friend of the new army and the people at home and abroad , and responded to the call of the people on the internet .
the two guests are mr jim choi - keung , who is the designer of the design and design of the scud .
speaking of the new military uniform , jiang zemin said : the new military uniform is a new type of military uniform .
the 2007 edition of the military uniform is the most important manifestation of the impersonality of the communist character of the communist character . it has enabled the pla to first test its uniform to the level of coordination between the three armed forces and the three armed services , and has reached the standard for the first - time coordination of the three armed services . this marks a historic leap forward in the level of the pla 's military uniform .
the two guests also exchanged views on the new uniform variety , the type of leukemia , and other issues of the same type of carelessness with the netizens .
the jiushan incident was jointly organized by the china military network and the china neidiano network , which was jointly sponsored by xinyu xinyu .
jingjiang city 's wujiangxing platform has upgraded the biographic quality of cadres of special - purpose wuwu city
the pla navy 's first - generation computer - assisted computer - assisted computer - transmitted information - based computer - assisted by zhao jiayi , a special cadre in jiangsu 's jingjiang city , was given a lecture on " winning a war under informatized conditions . "
this is the first time that the ministry of human resources has given the cadres with a hand to the specialized personnel , and has made efforts to improve the comprehensive quality of specialized weapons cadres .
early this year , the military commission of the ministry of people 's armed forces discovered that some specialized militiamen working in the company were a little bit of age , and were not at the position of deputy director . they did not concentrate their main energy on armed work .
for this reason , they have adopted the method of concentrating training , using substitute training for local party schools , and other methods to conduct regular training of specialized military cadres , and making efforts to resolve the problem of impartial and impartial quality of military cadres .
in connection with the central work , we should boldly provide cadres with tasks to cut down on tasks , and strengthen the quality of work at work posts .
at the same time , they actively coordinated local organization departments and jointly formulated the " regulations on bidding for military cadres by specialized means " and clearly stipulated that the minister of armed forces must be promoted to the party committee , and no longer hold other positions ;
and established a system for the adjustment and exchange of cadres with special skills , and adopted a system of making policy decisions on some specialized weapons and equipment which were not much like a big stick in the armed forces , timely readjustment and exchange , and giving full - quality cadres with strong work ability to keep good quality .
not long ago , the new century 's legend company , chen yisong , led the militia technical detachment in making innovations and developing underwater technology filled the gap in china , rushing the house of the company , which was upgraded to the minister of the company .
the good will be the best of the good beginning .
the number of people who participated in the competition alone was 2 - 2 , and the number of people who won the prize was reasonable .
if it is the 2 - 0 lead of iran , then it will be more than a - 0 , that will cause a big impact on china 's progress , and it will be very long for morale . it is , is , the situation is bad .
the good will cannot be good at the end of the matter . it can be said that it is old problems .
you often do n't know how to use it under the circumstance .
this is indeed not a matter of being fucky .
however , the japanese government , which has been defeated today , seems to have been in a state of disorder .
sun jihai , sun jixiang , sun jianguo , zheng jianguo , and others were kicked in europe , but li wei did not say anything about the ball . li wei and others were also old friends of the zigzong economic field . they had learned many things and said that they would not have problems with psychological quality for a long time .
this kind of despicable act was forced by the iranian team , and it was probably because it was a round of military mediation .
iran 's team has been defeated in backwardness , and the two have been changed and the situation has been greatly changed .

we should overcome the mentality of being benevolent and unable to end up with good and bad things . we must find the root of problems .
so long as the problems are accurately identified , the problems are corrected , it is probably not difficult to find them .
i was afraid of being anxious to get medical treatment .
if this continues , the thick kick is kicked more competitions , and old problems will still commit crimes , and talk will not be mentioned by everyone .
the ministry of public security has issued a circular to the guangdong border defense corps hospital on the collective merit of the second group of the no. 2 group of the no. 2 group of the no. 2 group of the no. 2 collective merge of the no. 2 group of the guangdong frontier defense corps hospital .
the pla navy 's air force 's general headquarters in shenzhen , shenzhen , 18 july .
mr li kwok - leung , jim leong , says : over the years , the guangdong border defense headquarters hospital has made great efforts to provide medical support to the masses who have difficulty in getting medical care , and a huge amount of money has been spent on providing relief to the masses .
this morning , the ministry of public security sent a letter to the hospital of the guangdong border defense corps hospital to celebrate the second day of the collective qigong meeting and the advanced deeds of supporting the government and cherishing the people in shenzhen .
the guangdong border defense headquarters hospital has taken the building of a harmonious society as an example , successively setting up a new type of legend in jiuhua , shenzhen , and the establishment of three special organs for the settlement of foreign workers ' hospital , and the number of foreign workers who have been working in the hospital for medical treatment only needs to pay only one yuan and the fee for the repair of the red certificate is all discretionary fee .
the hospital has specially equipped a small plastic product service .
this is beneficial to the people , and it has benefited the more than 12,000 peasants .
from the ruthless , the hospital also launched a series of explosive - powered floating canned gemia activities , with eight times organizing eye - catching health personnel to go to tibet to inspect the red cross - century castle in qinghai , including the traditional chinese medicine in the east of jiangxi , the yunnan province , and other places in qinghai .
the armed police force started to change its seven - style clothes on 1 august .
the pla navy 's air force 's first - generation mobile communication station , which was officially established in the pla navy 's first artillery corps on 1 august , will be equipped with seven types of clothes .
today , this reporter has learned from the armed police force 's seven - style wearing clothes ceremony and the activity of collecting gifts . the current round of change of seven - style clothes with a total of gifts , the armed police force used the same name as the four big - category silk variety .
the silk is a small - scale green - made green belt .
female officers and men duned and covered the hats , hats , and hats , and cold - colored clothes were replaced by customs - style , shuoyang - type , shuangyu - type , and changyi - - - - - - - - shaped structure of the beige - type structure in spring and autumn .
the new names will be issued in the form of the national defense service , and the ribbon ribbon , the label of the new design , the imitated chungyu and the handwritten sign of the white paper , thus enhancing the functions of clothing identification and enhancing the sense of beauty .
the armed police force 's seven - year - old clothes will be replaced by three years .
in august 1 , 2007 , the pla will hold a joint exercise with the pla , a large - scale gathering of young and young women , a non - governmental organ of the imperial group , a ceremony for the opening of the silk dog , and the troops stationed in the beijing area , and the spring and autumn coupon for the common soldiers of soldiers from the pla units stationed in beijing .
on may 20 , he was a soldier in other troops .
the legend was replaced by a cold - rolled cold - rolled cold - clothes in october .
in december 2009 , he was transferred to the soldiers ' winter uniform .
the training was subordinate to the work of transmitting the entire process .
the second artillery force 's base was small , long - distance , and longyu education cooperative zone began operating .
the pla navy 's first batch of new - type missile destroyers , which were distributed in the early 1980 s , is a small force of low - yield resources .
this reporter recently learned that after more than half a year of trial implementation , the base has issued the " interim regulations on ideological and political education " to implement the " implementation outline for ideological and political education " and all small , scattered , and directly directly directly - administered units in the base have already been put into operation .
in order to promote the implementation of the " outline of ideological and political education , " the base organized forces to conduct a comprehensive study of the ideological and political situation of small , scattered , and directly directly directly subordinate units , and it produced an impact and constrained the current situation of the educational time personnel 's structural effect . it initially formed a small , remote , and directly subordinate units ' new educational model .
the total number of such cooperation areas is to break down the demarcation line between units and the establishment of small , scattered , and directly directly administered units , such as the division - level unit of a brigade - level unit , to conduct unified planning for the main education . the units under different subordinate units are close to the taiwan - based units for short - range discussions on the same system by taking account of their lectures or using the canned long distance .
the use of torture and job - related means of job - seeking is a necessary measure to redeploy the educational forces in a unified manner , and the reuse of the hardware of education in the doctoral areas . the various units have learned from each other 's experience in conducting exchanges and conducting regular interrogations in the documentary reports by the officers and men of the documentary department .
each co - ordination area has set up an education management center and an educational information gathering system .
under such a foundation , all cooperation areas have also established a difficult and difficult assistance - seeking education system involving a total of 11,080 yuan in emergency ideological situations .
the director of the base political department zhang shengmin told this reporter that establishing a political education cooperation zone has reduced the waste of educational resources and deepened the educational effect .
some political parties are afraid of the abuse of power by the officers and men of foreign units , take the initiative to learn new knowledge to find out new ways of education .
the education officers and men also actively engaged in education . they fear that they will be able to distinguish between the officers and men of their nearby units when discussing the matter .
such a big scud and the cold spell have been effectively protected .
the officers and men of a certain submarine detachment of the pla navy were divided into two parts : 1 .
the pla navy 's first - generation red flag was issued on 1 july , and the red flag was put on the rod of the donghai fleet 's deputy chief engineer zhang weiliang . the 31 long - term working soldiers of the brigade happily stepped onto the beidaihe trunk trains .
the six - level nco shugong shught with pleasure : the leaders of the mine were concerned about and cherished the soldiers , and we were deeply moved by this . we definitely had to work hard , make great efforts , make great efforts , and strive hard !
organizing grassroots soldiers to build a new type of mine in the regiment is still the first time that the regiment is organized .
not long ago , yao qingsheng went to the grass - roots level to see that some soldiers in charge of work such as carelessness repair work were engaged in equipment repair work , and yao qingsheng was deeply moved .
the soldiers forgot their work and the party committee should be concerned about and care for the soldiers and take care of the soldiers ' health . yao qingsheng 's words were widely spoken by everyone .
the party committee made a decision after studying and allocated the upper - level to the entire group of the red tide , which was filled with all the soldiers on the front line of work .
the jinan military region 's unit in charge of affairs has made it difficult to make itself a hot spot for the internet , but it is not hot in itself that it is a hot matter that it is a hot spot that it is not hot in the cold .
the pla navy 's first batch of new - type missile destroyers , which is the first batch of high - tech weapons , will be launched in the second half of this year .
wang weiqin , a researcher with the institute of contemporary chinese medicine , said that on 25 july , the reporter saw a small legend of a certain unit in jinan military region , written a book written by a finance department bike - yu , a public servant of the army , and other important public affairs , such as the promotion of the involvement of cadres of the army in the affairs of deputy director - general . the guam was hanged on the show window .
according to su chengsen , political commissar of the regiment , this unit is a unit that has made efforts to promote the system of making things public .

the unit has set up a database for the guise , and it opened a floating plate of the cake , extensively collected opinions and suggestions from everyone .
in early 2000 , the soldiers ' camouflage and renovation projects began to start , party committee organs extensively solicited opinions of officers and men , and then issued bidding information and carried out open bidding .
this has saved the funds and won the hearts of officers and men .
the work of handling affairs in an open and fair manner has promoted the formation of a good atmosphere in grassroots work units .
in the unit , the grassroots company , no matter how much it is to be done in the hot and sensitive issues , or when it is small , it is still a small thing to go to the daily expenses of the department of the department of the department of defense , and so on , and it has been insisting on conducting regular public announcements and consciously accepting supervision by the masses .
( international ) research shows housing debris is in the same breath as two types of genetically modified polylene
xinhua news agency , london , july 2 , iceland scientists discovered through study two kinds of genetically - related malaria , which had occurred far higher than ordinary people .
according to the latest issue of " nature " magazine , iceland 's " tombic " is a little bit of research personnel from iceland . they are very concerned about the us - made genetic products from iceland , sweden , and several thousand people in hong kong , china . they have obtained the above discovery .
scientists found that the two kinds of genetic and heart synthetic products were the most important factor in the early days .
the shaking of the house was immediately moved , and the clinical butterfly was the most common law , which could lead to a heart - rending malachite and a crawling bauhinia .
according to another report published on 1 july , the " natural genetic " magazine reported that the morphine of the dead body was researched by the yuji yuji research personnel on the 17 th human body .
the study also discovered that one of the genes was raised in the process of raising the risk of precursor cancer .
( sports ) the old american gates will pass the cups after the game in the americaner , may be retired after the kerry cup in the americanet
xinhua news agency , malawi , venezuela , july 3 ( reporter liu jian ) the chinese government has decided to set up a national economic and trade office in malacca ( venezuelan ) in the first half of this year , with the participation of more than 100 people from all walks of life in the country .
according to the venezuelan media reports on 3 april , the 37 - year - old old old cook will be interviewed by cook in beijing , saying that if the us cup is unable to find suitable club effect after the game , he will choose to retire .
if
the dog was rising as the dog of the gograd fell into the german b , kelche also left the team with two years of influence .
although kelly was amazed to take care of his hand , yet he was married to the lease , he was obviously not worried about his next family . he himself got a house at present . at present , many as eight teams intend to invite him to be named his friend , yuliang , and was interested in inviting him to be invited to be named his friend .
however , this former us secretary of state who has served as an engineer of the western pacific ocean and a girl of morgan stanley said that he eventually selected how to choose to be determined by the family and eventually my child is nine years old . he followed me in three different countries .
in his speech at the fourth round of the gold cup , kelly gave a good performance , helping the team win the championship .
the current american cup will be held in the united states by the head coach brad .
the next round of the counterattack against colombia will be very likely to be a big round of competition between the two teams in the current american cup .
chinese vice premier meets us senator
xinhua news agency report of july ketamine explosion in canada according to a report by canada 's " global post " , after eight years of hard work , the black strawberry ( cage castle , castle , ) , was finally awarded a documentary prize for the chinese market . the first black strawberry cell phone will be listed in china at the end of august .
the malaria chief executive , jimmy gemete berger , said that he would visit shanghai in china , such as the china jiuzhimou , to commercial customers .
the " global post " quoted a bike as saying that " the bogus factory is a small state of silk bamboo , " a manager said , that the h8700g - type cell phone will be landed on the chinese market at the end of august , with a price of about $ 700 . now it has received 5,000 orders .
bob wallley said that last week the company 's ibm - hononoe cell phone has made people increasingly concerned about the development of intelligent cell phone , as an competitor in honie , and masterstro cell phone has now been sold in more than 100 countries around the world .
according to statistics , in the first quarter of this year , the leetwing of computers made by users had reached 1.12 - million , with a total of 90,000 pieces of silk .
( international ) spain : her husband is killed
xinhua news agency , july 7 , a spanish woman was killed by a gunshot in a gunshot in the battle , she dragged her drip - shaped body , and discovered that the culprit was her own friend . she was a police officer . the police arrested him .
according to a report by the media here on 6 april , the woman was found in a restaurant in barcelona .
one day , a female monk was found in a plastic bag in her eyes , she thought that she was a robber and told him that she had taken money in her drawer .
but the man did not take the money , but he cut the car .
she wanted to use the stinger to make it a bit of the silk , but the man was not released by her , or she kicked her neck and cut her neck .
the fighting was the first time that the woman was involved in the skull of the mgc .
the culprit was charged with the offence .
the victim 's comments were to the media , saying that she was not happy because of her affection . she and her husband were going to divorce . they had two children .
the 13 pilots resigned from the donghang wuhan company for their lawsuit and paid more than 100 million yuan in compensation .
xinhua news agency , wuhan , july 11 ( reporter liu yang and zhao xichu )
the 13 pilots submitted their resignation , the dong sinyi corporation , the china eastern airlines wuhan liability company , opened a flight of as high as 1.05 - billion yuan for compensation . this is the first time that hubei province has ever paid the greatest compensation .
the hubei province labor dispute arbitration committee is currently trying this case .
on 23 may this year , 13 donghang wuhan pilots successively proposed resignation and dismissal by the company .
after that , the pilot was sent to the hubei labor arbitration committee in early june for a labor arbitration application , asking the ruling to terminate the labor relations with the donghang wuhan company .
the dongairlines wuhan company received a vage notification , putting forward an anti - appeal case , demanding 13 pilots to respectively pay the wages of the pilot who had violated the labor contract and dismiss more than 6 million yuan to over 10 million yuan .
it is understood that the pilots and the donghang airlines signed an unfixed term labor contract , and apart from the labor contract , the condition was suspended or the conditions were dismantled , the labor contract effect will continue to be until the pilots have their statutory retirement age .
the hubei province labor dispute arbitration committee has handed over the case to the public and the case was handled by the anti - litigation commission , which is expected to be concluded before 8 august .
( international ) germany urges russia to pass the resolution on border treaty
xinhua news agency , riga , july 12 ( reporter yang dehong ) - a person who is visiting germany , schtaieith , who is visiting a country on july 12 , urged russia to pass the russian border treaty as soon as possible .
schevider said on the same day that foreign minister pamele pamele pamela had talks mainly on loud relations and the cooperation between the european union and other issues , and reached a consensus on the issues of latin america 's relations with russia and the development of eu - russian relations .
during the talks , the two sides agreed to hold a meeting on the issue of the " abm treaty " as soon as possible through the russian border treaty .
schevider said that the silk and the entire thick area of the silk area have been making relatively stride forward , and that the russian border treaty has been signed .
in the course of the struggle over the past 10 years , the chinese government has adopted a policy of adopting a policy of " one china " after a 10 - year negotiations .
on 17 may , the latin american parliament passed a resolution on the border between latin america and russia .
according to reports by the media , the russian parliament will soon conduct a comprehensive review of the treaty .
( international ) dprk - rok summit to be held
xinhua news agency , pyongyang , july 16 ( reporter gao haorong and xia yu ) - - - the dprk 's nuclear facilities have been built on the basis of the five principles of peaceful coexistence , which have been established in the past 20 years .
the dprk and the rok military representatives held a ceremony on 16 august to discuss military affairs , and the two sides agreed to hold a joint military exercise from 24 to 26 june .
according to the report by the central news agency , the dprk military representative yang jiusu said that on the same day , it proposed that the dprk 's western waters be delayed to the baiping island in the western waters of korea , and the proposal to establish a joint venture area between the two islands , and explained in detail the reasons .
he said : the establishment of common areas must be implemented in the principle of seeking the maximum national prosperity and common prosperity and safeguarding peace and stability .
piao linsu said that the two sides have common problems in the maritime boundary .
he said that the timely formulation of military support measures to promote the development of cooperation and exchanges between the dprk and rok is the consistent stand of the dprk military .
he said : the rok is now in the process of military preparations , and it is necessary to ensure the dprk 's nongovernmental ships can be transported directly from sea to land .
this is another important meeting between the leaders of the dprk and rok following the second military talks between the dprk and rok on 10 february .
the fifth round of dprk - rok talks was held on 8 and 11 may in the bage leak of the dprk , a unified house of keith .
( international ) hydroelectric power company denies intentionally purchasing wal - mart
xinhua news agency , seoul , july 18 , the korean hyundai motor company said in seoul on the 18th that it had no intention to purchase wolongo or the car brand .
the " sunday times " carried an article in the " new york times " and the " new york times " a few days ago saying that communist china might sell wolves .
the " sunday times " carried an article in the report , claiming that the rok 's hynix automobile company is a wolong company .
the company 's spokesman said that the silk is a very good thing for us to purchase wal - woo or lu tiger , but the modern silk is busy to implement its own plans . it is simply not too busy to collect evidence .
in 1999 , 60,000 mu of popphosed popphorus was bought from swedish waver group .
at present , wolowitsu and lured leopard are all under the age of leather , the chief car group ( shanggan ) .
in march this year , the japanese government , which was caught in the red tide of losing money , sold a large amount of silk , which was sold by a big guy , and last month it also said that it would consider selling luhu and jibao .
( sports ) cake fans in taiwan
xinhua news agency , rio de janeiro , july 21 ( reporter chen weihua ) - a cold spell of the legend of li meng , a reporter of xinhua news agency ,
the cuban delegation arrived in beijing on 21 august for a fun - filled rope in the pan - american games . it will affect the standard of fists .
according to the international punishments union rules , the number of fans who played the tow in the international competitions should be 6.1 meters , but according to the fist of the cuban delegation , peter perry , the head of the boxing team , the current pan - american games , the russell of the rough , was 1 meters less than the standard .
roke said : the legend we submitted was a formal protest .
the rope is too short , which will affect the fans ' evasion of moves .
he also opened the door of the leukiar : if you were unable to find a place that is in line with the olympic standards , you could go to another place to find it .
as soon as i know , we have learned from cuba that
mexico and colombia signed a bilateral agreement on the same day to crack down on taiwan .
columbia fist chouauffeur , berger , although the first battle , the first battle , he said : although i was defeated , i was defeated in the first match , my fist was too narrow . it really made me feel that it was not like a kitty , but it was not very easy for me to feel that it was not because of the mud .
the big bastard dablet 's return to overseas customs
xinhua news agency , shanghai , july 24 ( reporter xu shaosong ) - yu lihong , a reporter from guansheng ( group ) company , ltd. learned that the jiuquan port once was a large - scale barbarbaric rabat that had been exported recently . many overseas buyers demanded that likewise gis be placed on file for imitations .
the guansheng garden has a wide - vastly green color in singapore , mr. lin qingrong , a few days ago sent a telegraph to the corp . he said that because singapore 's agricultural and grain crops are different from singapore 's big bar rabbit , it can sell normally in the market . therefore , it is necessary to order the silk order in the market .
the guanzong yuanzheng xinsheng company said that it is necessary to ask the guinsheng garden to issue a " lease " from shanghai immediately and to sell a large - scale barrabbit from shanghai to malaysia .
the guansheng garden is located in hong kong 's five - star trading company limited .
the may trading company limited has received a report from the hong kong huameng company that it has decided to sell more than 100 pieces of paper in hong kong to restore the sales of large barbarbarque rabbit .
it is understood that the once - built shanghai port has more than 10 big white rabbit rabbit rabbit crescent .
at present , seven enterprises are operating at a speed of about 30 % .
( international ) manufacturing of british bomb threat
xinhua news agency , london , july 26 , british police announced on the 26th that in mid - july , they secretly manufactured a suspected thief suspected of causing a threat of bombing . on the 23rd , keelley , a suspect in lankao county , arrested him .
police said that the man was called dumb . ms. . .
on 14 july ( xinyu ) , the british national association of 14 physicians was bumped by a bomb because of a bomb .
the guy was the british people 's invoid procurement . when the time was ripe , the 14 - family shut down , which was the biggest bamboo polo , sold a sales income .
british police then made a report to the police on the bomb threat , and they announced that the incident had not been discovered .
( sports ) overthrow of scud term to be part of beijing olympics
xinhua news agency , beijing , july 28 ( reporter cui junqiang ) the olympic games next year will be a very hot and humid one , beijing is expected to become a oceanic in august .
through changing the practice of using such technology as the timing of the lunar new year , researchers have found a good way to increase the color of the olympics .
on 28 february , at a summer day in beijing , the new varieties of tea were chosen and applied by a pupil for research . the assessment experts concluded that the use of a - hundred - plus - plus - plus new technologies and natural - hua period was different types of hydrochloric or variety during the summer period , and the 8month - long blossom held in the beijing olympics .
in beijing 's summer , it is usually only possible to see a dozen or so of grand - filled , most of which are either a bit less than zero , or even not up to the level of corn .
scientific researchers have made efforts to select the best summer olympic torch 206 .
in the haidian park in beijing , 2007 silk - juan olympic exhibition will be filled with a bogus of the opening of the beijing olympics . the exhibition will be held by scientific researchers to cultivate a number of new - type artificial artificial turbines in august , and will be held in the name of the giant panda .
( international ) turkish ruling party wins parliamentary election
xinhua news agency , july 30 , by wire ( reporter jian wang ) - turkish supreme election commission announced on the 30th that the final result of the 23 rd parliamentary election in turkey showed that the ruling justice and development party won 550 seats .
on 22 july , the parliamentary election was held in the main opposition republican party , which won a vote of confidence .
the national action party won a majority of the seats in the election .
in addition to the above three political parties , another 26 political parties were elected as members of the parliament .
turkey 's new parliament will hold its first meeting in august , when it was decided by bogus .
by then , all members will be sworn in and begin to perform their duties .
since then , the parliament will pass the ballot paper through the method of casting silk .
the turkish parliament election was originally scheduled to be held in november , but at the end of april , due to opposition parties ' opposition parties ' righteousness and development of the party 's deputy prime minister and foreign minister , mitterrand , had boycotted the presidential election , which was the result of the parliamentary election .
