white house urges dispatching nuclear inspectors to monitor north korea 's nuclear reactor
the white house called for dispatching nuclear inspectors to monitor the closure of the nuclear reactor , and the white house was consulted with us president bush and south korean president roe jung after talking over telephone .
the white house national security council spokesman cheuk - chuk said today that the two leaders discussed the talks between the united states and south korea on the north korean nuclear issue .
cheuk said the two presidents also expressed satisfaction over the signing of the us - south korean free trade agreement yesterday .
experts believe that pyongyang has been producing a large quantity of ploughed cotton spinning products over the past 20 years .
the us special envoy for the six - party talks said after his last week 's visit to pyongyang that he expected the nuclear reactor in yongbyon would be closed in mid - july .
the rainy season in western india killed 43 people
the west coast of india was hit by torrential rainstorms , and some areas were flooded , while the routes of the western metropolitan city were stopped or elsewhere .
the rescue official said today that 43 people died of bird flu .
the annual report is to be held from june to september , 2005 , which often leads to the showers of india , a country with a population of 1 billion , running rampant and even causing casualties .
the current hailstorm , which killed more than half of the victims , was destroyed by the floods , while other people were drowned by houses or shackled by lightning .
the indian financial center also received treatment from others .
in the 1930 s alone , the wind fell on the third ring , making the name of the muster .
shang zak , chief executive of the supreme court , said that the death toll of the mud alone was 13 .
officials from the city government appealed to residents to stop breeze and stop beating in front of a slight rainy rain to safeguard their own security .
yesterday , the rain began to rest , and most areas were still flooded .
india 's shower dies of 500 deaths
according to officials and media reports , the number of deaths of bird flu in india this year due to the climb to 4/1 .
jaime kelly , director of the government 's reconstruction office and director of the reconstruction office , disclosed today that the indian provinces have recently started their construction of synchronous graves , which resulted in losses of casualties and economic losses . india 's first grand elephant , namely , gila , is now known as the 38th of death .
the report said that qadan was visiting china when he inspected the site .
he said : at the same time , india is the largest cotton producing area .
india 's entire border from south to north , one week ago it began to enter the muqoka of various provinces , and residents of various provinces held their longstanding state of mind to greet the haze rain , but no expectation of the sudden and ferocious rainstorm and highway collapse as well as the trunk - land housing all fell into the sea . traffic has been paralyzed and traffic has been reduced to about 500 today .
the wimbledon tennis jordan ?? s discarded saadara 's advance into the final .
the spanish red emperor , roje , said today that he had no choice but to marry his champion in the men 's singles championship competition .
in a statement issued at the 16 th national league and the 8 th national league , george kovic called the security guard to treat the wounded on his way to the games . he was arrested by the working team when he beat the third set of the table today because of water cuts . he also asked the guard to treat him . later , he consciously failed to fight back and then , and decided to abandon the race .
fourth seed george kovic retreated , and the original third - sixth - championship league were 4 times higher than the previous fourth seed of the nagorno .
apart from the start of the game , the hugh also had a big header in the ruins when it was broken . the second machine was quoted by the third battle conditions .
satellite shows iran tapping tunnel is likely to be a key step in protecting nuclear weapons
the us think tank , the institute of science and international security , said today that commercial satellite shows that iran is currently carrying out its uranium enrichment facility near the nadez uranium enrichment facility , and it may be to be protecting nuclear weapons when it encounters air attacks .
these species are made up of eggs , silk , and silk , respectively , by the united states .
the research institute is set up in washington to provide a forum for non - profit research .
the acoustic display of the " silk road " only reaches the south of the natanz facility .
" the us is a major step to promote the global economy , " said brown and brown , a leading figure in the north african country .
they said : like this , a mountain - digging tunnel is expected to be completed in the air raid .
un envoy to hold talks on nuclear issues
the united nations international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) has signed a memorandum of understanding ( mou ) with iranian officials to solve the iranian nuclear program once again .
however , iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad has been under increasing pressure from the united nations to further sanctions , still stubbornly resisting them .
" the chinese government has always been a strong force in the international community , " he said .
he said that the installation of poles could slow down or accelerate , which was a very dangerous move .
he made the remarks when he arrived at the airport .
during his visit , haynin is trying to formulate a plan to solve the iranian nuclear programme .
un freezes uranium enrichment work , which has already been put into effect two sets of sanctions against iran .
the iranian news agency reported that the two countries have signed a memorandum of understanding on the iranian nuclear issue , the iranian national security council said on tuesday .
iran 's talks team also included the deputy chairman of the iaea , the deputy director general of the iaea , and the ambassador to the iaea , santaniye .
east asian prime minister fayyah will head a new government
the palestinian authority has been engaged in the construction of the jiashi corridor for one month since the founding of the palestinian state , and prime minister fayyad temporarily resigned , but he was ordered to take charge of new government .
the ministry of agriculture and social affairs minister habachi told afp that the government of bayer proposed resignation to president abbas , and the chairman accepted the request , he also asked him to handle the new cabinet of the day - to - day administration .
abbas ' huamo told afp that fatah 's resignation was a major step toward the construction of his current post .
the respected economist legal expert fayd put forward his resignation , but he was only a procedural request , and was not expected to shake his position as prime minister .
france and yade have been holding talks since the leaders of the palestinian emergency cabinet on 17 july , and abbas has been engaged in violent appeals after being gassed .
according to the basic law of the palestinian autonomous government , without the consent of the parliament , the death of the palestinian self - rule parliament should not exceed 30 days , but the autonomous council is now paralyzed .
the authority of the emergency government has expired today .
wto representative 's new proposal breaks doha round talks deadlock
the main wto negotiator today proposed a big cut in the us subsidies for agriculture , developing countries , and developing countries to substantially reduce their tariffs on industrial products in order to break the doha round of trade talks .
the official said that new patterns of appeals demanded that the united states impose limits on agricultural subsidies every year from the 100-dollar that is allowed to drop to the dollar , to the $ 200 - million , and the developing countries reduce the import tariffs on industrial goods to below that of the same category .
these proposals are aimed at breaking the deadlock in the doha round talks over the past six years and promoting the establishment of a compromise among wto membership members .
wto secretary general goff said that these proposals were made with flavor of goals and were based on development as a guide .
lamy said : the un membership has not made any conclusions on the contents of the proposal , but the current problems that cause differences are less than the issues of reaching a consensus .
he called for a " intensive negotiations " in the next few weeks .
strong earthquake impact zero , production of automobiles or trimester plants
japan 's strong earthquake hit south china 's guangdong province , causing no sign of shutting down , elegant and other car manufacturers today said that they would stop domestic car production .
japan roughshod jet hit east asian coast with no 6 strong shock , automobile manufacturers no 6 millionth marco polo corp .
the world 's freest car market , named du juan , said that the championship will be suspended from tonight until 21 july .
a spokesman for japan - based nihon keizai shimbun said that the daily production of japanese factories has been on the rise from the next day to the 23rd . the two companies will suspend production and re - evaluate the situation .
he said that both factories had two lines , namely , silk flame , flame , and beating . however , the company might increase the number of rotational classes next month to make up for the backward production progress .
suzuki said that the three - day suspension of some production will be suspended from tomorrow , and the construction of the arthur brand company of japan will start tomorrow .
toyota said that it may suspend some of the remaining points of the muqtar supply next week .
the most serious earthquake hit the area , causing death of at least ten people , injuring several hundred houses , and even forced the people of the plant to stop presenting .
racing buying delimitation order cancels western european tour of british saize bags
today , rajo said that as hong kong 's rush purchase surge triggered off a loss earlier this month , the british environment agency has cancelled its hawking activities .
the indonesian plaza in the high - consumption district , edgar edelmer said : the genetic gowns in hong kong have been eliminated due to the incident in hong kong .
if the people are proud of a 140,000 rupees ( about nt $ 40,000 ) , they will be eliminated by the competition .
hong kong residents gathered in the sales shop on 6 july to prepare to buy a brand name brand name brand name by the british imperial company , which has been set by the imperial company , which has been imitated by me not being a " bark " of the bag . the shoppers have no more than refused entry , triggering a whistling scene .
this model of environmental protection - oriented attempts to replace the original ones .
the only person who has been authorized to sell the mug silk tiger , said he would not confirm whether it would be sold in a few days .
hostage crisis , south korea directly negotiated with japan
afghan kidnappers kidnapped 23 south korean hostages , set the deadline today , calling for south korea to withdraw its troops from the country , or else they would kill the hostages .
with time being gradually elapsed by one second , the situation has developed by positive fashion , south korean officials launched negotiations with the organization for the first time today .
however , at the same time , he said , another kidnapped german official was in good condition .
jean - claude trichet called on germany and south korea to withdraw from afghanistan and called on them to exchange the 33 - year - old guerrillas imprisoned by the afghan government .
speaking at a press conference held in the unknown location , the spokesman said : " we have been told by the tribal elders through our elder brother . "
amady said : we hope to see the talks produce results .
the court will be held in the evening ( 10 : 30 p.m . taiwan time ) , and the time will begin to kill south korean hostages once the time comes .
beating has been extended twice .
it is difficult to reach consensus on maritime disputes and military talks between the two koreas dispersed without cheering
as the sea area of the sea is divided into different clauses , the three - day - long north - south korean high - level military talks dispersed without cheering today .
in panjiayi , a border city , the talks entered the last day of the agenda today . kim jung - chol , north korean chief representative , said : when we started to draw a conclusion , we will no longer need to hold talks with no results .
the face was raised and the face was shy .
he pointed out that the line of beating was not legal .
the beilun towers , the beilun river , were extinguished in 1953 after the korean war ended .
north korea said it would not be able to enter south korea 's territory if it violated the law of the tiger intrusion , and it claimed that the accusation was lacking .
the local waters clash in june 1999 caused dozens of north korean crew members to fly to north korea .
the news of a similar clash again in june 2002 , unfortunately , six south koreans were killed .
us treasury secretary arrives in china for environmental protection and exchange rate
us treasury secretary powell arrived in china yesterday for a visit , and the united states is making every effort to persuade china to further implement the necessary economic reform and environmental protection work , especially the issue of the renminbi exchange rate , which has been of great concern .
us diplomats said that powell 's first trip to china 's northwest was to visit the tiger tiger tiger ling western region .
china 's most popular whales in the lake , where a series of environmental protection plans are being implemented .
boucher is now on a visit to beijing today to discuss with chinese officials the issue of promoting the sino - us strategic economic dialogue which started last year .
the us - china strategic economic dialogue will mainly discuss issues such as environmental protection , and the most important is the issue of the renminbi exchange rate . us congressmen believe that the renminbi is too undervalued .
us - china trade deficit is rapidly rising , and pressure within the united states is gradually rising . congressmen are prepared to take retaliatory actions to resist their so - called china 's unfair trade policy .
last week , the us senate finance committee passed an act by an overwhelming majority , calling on the ministry of finance to recognize that the currency exchange rate simply misjudged the state list and to impose economic sanctions against beijing .
us congressmen said that the renminbi is undervalued , making china 's goods exported to the united states very much go away , intensifying the imbalance in trade between the united states and china . the us trade deficit with china has reached $ 2.5 billion .
muzhijian will be the first to be born in western china .
from start started in hualiano , martial arts will be created in the west .
some newspapers listed 14 people , including the famous western handsome , elegant , elegant , and elegant , and even called on the west .
the president reiterated that he hoped that the day would be in a good condition for the portuguese team , saying that he was really thinking about running the church , and i believe there would be a day of portuguese football association also hoping to hire me as the head of the court of appeals .
however , 44 - year - old murio did not intend to make his whole life a contribution to soccer , and he said he would retire before 60 , and he did not want to be like bobby and virginia .
shang , i have already made a commitment to my wife , i will not be like roblusen and friedson , who has been teaching at 70 years old .
the " three sentences " of muzoo , i was born in 1960 , and i thought about it thoroughly .
i have too many things that i cannot do now , waiting for me to go to work .
shame , i do n't want to become a soccer consultant or director , for example , barado or saaki .
i do not want to play this role .
i do n't want to become the chairman of a club , i only want to completely beat soccer , ridge muio stressed .
( qi liang )
shanxi 's hongdong tsao village , wang bing , a herring case has been concluded recently ( photo )
chinanews , july 9 c the people of china are watching the development of the battle against atypical pneumonia , and the death sentence of death of ling jianying , director of the jingshan county intermediate court in shanxi 's guangsheng county , was heard at the first trial in the morning .
many domestic media are following the progress of this case .
because the local departments concerned were more cautious , some reporters could not enter the scene to gather news .
at present , huansi is still in progress .
according to a report by the linfen city intermediate people 's court , if the appeals were smoothly implemented , it is estimated that the trials will end on that day .
but whether or not the court pronouncements were pronounced is still unknown .
at about 9 : 00 in the morning , a reporter noticed that a person was watching the outside scene outside the entrance of the linfen city center , the martial arts of the lubricants were calm and traveled to and from there .
perhaps it will have a far - reaching impact on the court 's activities .
shook it up at that time , and i believe the law is fair .
a journalist who has passed here has been looking forward to the emblem of the country . he said himself .
before this , there was news in hongdong county that the defendant wang bing 's army was named jianshengsheng village 's former party branch secretary wang dongji .
earlier , wang dongji had been arrested in xiangying restaurant after repeated repeated trials of strength and failure .
the " red army " led by wang bing 's black brick case triggered a slave slave incident in shanxi , which once attracted attention at home and abroad . the central authorities issued instructions demanding a rigorous investigation .
the dprk and the rok have reached a consensus on cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources .
chinanews , july 8 .
the dprk and the rok reached a consensus on 7 june on carrying out cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources .
according to the agreement , south korea will provide north korea with light industrial products such as clothing , and will take concrete measures to reduce the number of cereal tapping powers in the country .
according to a report by the japan - us - japan - japan - japan friendship association , the rok and the dprk held talks in kaesong on cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources in the three days and finally reached an agreement .
according to the agreement , south korea will provide north korea with garments and shoes and soap raw materials , with a total value of nine yen .
in view of this , the dprk will make three silk tapping powers to korea .
the rok government will withdraw from the west of incheon port in july to elicit a sigh of contracts to the dprk for the delivery of the first batch of supplies .
according to the plan , starting 28 july , the rok and the dprk will jointly launch an investigation into eastern dprk .
the government of south korea started to provide 400,000 tons of rice to north korea .
after the dprk expressed willingness to actively carry out its obligations to reach an agreement on closing nuclear facilities and other six countries through consultations , economic cooperation between the dprk and the rok has become more active again .
the lanzhou commodity commodities bureau limited the price of the beef to the meat , and explained : only because the increase rate is too high ,
chinanews , lanzhou , july 10 ( huang party )
this afternoon , the director of the lanzhou municipal commodities bureau invited relevant departments to give an explanation on the price limit of beef ;
at the press conference , he learned that the huanhua industry bureau and other departments jointly issued a price limit , mainly because the price increase of the beef flesh was too large , exceeding the normal capacity of the residents .
it is reported that the increase in the beef meat prices this time has reached 20 percent , and data statistics show that this is the biggest increase in the sales of beef in lanzhou since the early 1980 s , and the increase has lasted the shortest and the biggest increase since then .
" the government 's behavior is to take into account the interests of ordinary residents in the region , and we should set the highest limit on the prices of our vehicles through cost investigation , " said huang huahua , director of the pricing bureau of lanzhou city .
on 26 september , the huiying bureau of the yiyang city bureau of commerce and industry jointly initiated a investigation into the death penalty of the bird flu virus .
it has been learned that the forum is aimed at extensively listening to the opinions of various circles and laying a good foundation for soliciting opinions and suggestions on concrete management methods for the next step , and it is also disclosed that lanzhou will hold a news conference tomorrow .
this will be the first time that lanzhou city has held a meeting on the rise of the beef meat .
court punishment for china regional development council : three activities to stop
chinanews , july 11 - according to information from the website , the " elegant status for development promotion association in china " was confirmed by li jianying on july 9 .
the penalty order shows that the china regional development promotion association has the following illegal acts : 1 superstandard fee collection ; 2 muster used in muster flame to non - member units .
investigation shows that yu youmei , a member of the company , has become a member of the organization every year . he has been married in february 2007 , and has been married out from more than 20 units . in addition to the membership fee of 21,000 yuan , the other members of the unit charge 2,700 yuan . the other members charge fees to every member of the family , including the fees for 80 - million yuan , including those from the management fee of the member institution , which have
theft according to the " regulations on registration and management of social organizations " article 33 , section 1 , item ( 8 ) , the state organ shall make a deadline for the activities of the three months to stop their activities and shall be sealed off in accordance with the law and other relevant articles .
the rok government hopes to speed up the process of denuclearization of the peninsula through the six - party talks
chinanews , july 12 - according to a report by the rok - based united news agency , the rok government will continue to hold a positive attitude toward the meeting of the delegation heads of the six - party talks to be held in beijing on july 18 .
the rok foreign ministry spokesman on 12 june commented that he hoped that the talks would be held at a time when the delegation heads of the six - party talks would discuss ending the initial phase and implementing the next phase measures as soon as possible , and the concrete and substantive results of the six - party talks , so as to accelerate the process of denuclearization on the korean peninsula .
the commentary also said : being a representative of the core of the nuclear issue in the dprk , the chinese government will make unremitting efforts to achieve a nuclear - free korean peninsula in a rapid and satisfactory manner . it will , for this purpose , cooperate closely with relevant countries .
officials revealed that the beijing olympic games will hopefully be the most successful olympic games among the participating countries and regions .
chinanews , july 16 .
xinhua news agency . beijing olympic games organizing committee vice minister wang shilin said on 14 july that beijing 's olympic organizing committee will hold a public meeting next month to discuss the matter of beijing 's olympic games to 205 members of the international olympic committee .
he said that if no accident , the beijing olympics will become a major event in the history of the countries and regions participating in the olympic games .
the report said that from 10 to 12 april , deputy wang shilin represented the beijing olympic organizing committee to deliver a briefing to the pan - mei sports organization conference on the preparations for the beijing olympic games , including the traffic arrangements for construction , traffic arrangements , etc.
wang shih - lin said that the pan - american sports organization member countries and regions all have great expectations for participating in the beijing olympics , all of which 42 members have already confirmed their intention to participate in the olympic games in beijing next month .
it has been learned that at this meeting , the international olympic committee and the beijing olympic organizing committee will formally invite the international olympic committee 's 205 members to participate in the olympic games .
chinese vice - premier meets with us guests
wang yan 's condition improved " by insisting on ' taking a bench for a wooden corneas to restore ' two levels ' muscles
huanyan has been able to sit on the wooden bench , but it is not too long , she feels her hemorrhage , yesterday zhejiang sports bureau 's director of the team 's eastern bureau , wu huiqin told the reporter .
prior to the event , wang yan 's wounds were in a state of continuous improvement , among which the right limbs cornestle restored and the 10 - odd days ago it went up to two grades .
this month , wang yan left shanghai six court .
in the past half months , wang yan 's upper limb muscle had further improved .
dr. zhao yan said that the muscle of wang yan had reached four levels , more than five times that of normal level .
in other words , in less than half a month , wang yan 's upper limb muscle had resumed functions .
beaten , wang yan could have been a child with the help of the doctor .
the hospital rehabilitation experts planned to hold a meeting with wang yan in a rehabilitation bed at the end of last week to practice the disease .
however , according to wang yan 's current recovery , the resplendent rehabilitation training has to be postponed temporarily .
wu said that wang yan is now tempered mainly by the elegant .
venezuelan president hugo says china will cut civil service pay
chinanews , july 23 - according to a comprehensive report , venezuelan president hugo mo gave an elephant speech on the internal and foreign policy of the venezuelan commission .
he said that the major reduction in wages for senior civil servants .
he also said that foreigners who come to venezuela to attack the venezuelan government will face serious consequences and be expelled .
shell has ordered government officials to closely monitor the situation of foreign nationals ' visits to venezuela and discovered that anyone openly criticizes him or the venezuelan government that they will all be expelled .
he said on the evening of 22 march that venezuela should not tolerate aliens running to his house and finged on the tiger and legs .
in his speech , he also pointed out that the government will substantially cut the salaries of senior civil servants .
he said : the salary of a venezuelan civil servant should not exceed us dollars per month .
it is reported that in venezuela , the monthly income of some poor people is the price of the us dollar .
the government has also taken a series of measures to reduce the wages of government workers in latin american countries , and has received support from the broad masses .
peru , china 's whitewashing industry , and other countries have cut their salaries .
jean - claude juncker also said that cuban leader castro has reminded him of his actions from the united states .
he said that carter 's gift to him was a letter from the central government bureau director , who wrote in front of him , and asked him to look at the reports from various kinds of secret envoys of the central intelligence agency .
prc : qiangba case of espionage in japan 's kaichi prefecture , may be suspended from being punished
last night beijing time , the international federation of automobile movement held a meeting on the fbi 's technology spy case in paris .
the official website of the international federation of automobile manufacturers ( iec ) said after the hearing : + it has been discovered by the three countries , namely , the east turkistan islamic republic , the east turkistan islamic movement , and the islamic republic of turkmenistan .
however , the farewell technology espionage case has not been brought up .
the council of the automobile movement has also proposed in the decision : if the country will discover the legacy of faroli , then the funds will be used to damage the championship . we reserve the right to demand the rotating round of calls for rehearsals from the executive council of the automobile movement . at that time , they may face the possibility of canceling the right of entry into the 2008 olympics , or even by the 2008 olympics .
the number of people who have been suspended from their posts is now mike khaoagan , the former chief designer of the maikai wheel , and the number of documents in the possession of nearly 800 pages of technological documents including the design of the lgus troe , the design of the design , construction , testing of the development and operation of the new type of eelight testing , etc.
the jiaokai rode , the calibration team did not have any other people who knew the information .
( wang yuan )
experts believe that the rise of flakes in the short term will not cause capital outflow in the domestic stock market
chinanews , july 30 . com .
according to a report by china securities news , the " regulations on management of investment outside the territory of insurance funds " were promulgated a few days ago . insurance funds have a broader space for utilizing their capital markets .
china 's investment minister
the report said that many insurance institutions hold the same view .
experts said that since there is still no such market for renminbi products , the insurance institutions will not be able to avoid risks , so the timing for large - scale foreign exchange purchases is not yet ripe .
liu lefei said : from a long - term point of view , as far as the allocation of assets is concerned , foreign investment should be in a certain proportion of the overall distribution of insurance companies .
however , as the rmb is quite appreciative , it is not easy for china to make use of its own foreign exchange funds to invest overseas .
as for the units that purchase foreign currency or invest overseas , we should deal with them cautiously in the current situation .
( shang jianqi )
china 's direct loss of 52.5 billion cubic meters of cotton this year
this reporter has learned from the national general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control that , by july , the nation had 1.188 billion mu of natural disasters , of which 54.14 million mu were affected , 1.19155 million were affected , and 652 people were killed due to the death of 652 , the courts have directly lost 55.2 billion yuan in economic losses .
the area of cultivated land across the country is 140 - million mu , there are appeals made by persons in appeals , major appeals occurred in the wake of drought , and these appeals were appeals appeals made by some comrades .
in july , the state flood control and drought relief headquarters , in view of the grim flood prevention and drought control situation at present , made an emergency plan .
it is necessary to strengthen flood prevention and control work along the huaihe river and the general headquarters of the flood prevention and treatment departments , to guard against and seize all - round victories in flood prevention .
the state flood control and drought relief headquarters and other departments have sent three teams to flood prevention and drought control one line and the severely drought - stricken areas to direct flood prevention and drought control work .
at present , the work of flood prevention is being carried out in an intense and orderly manner , and the work of appeals against floods has been started in the new river , and the work of flood prevention has been suspended in three provinces of anhui , jiangsu , anhui , and jiangsu .
the trunk stream has not been overflowing .
heilongjiang , jiangxi , and other provinces started the emergency response against drought according to the plan , and the anti - drought work is being carried out in an intense and orderly manner .
the chinese government will continue to promote the development of the sino - us strategic partnership in the new century , said a senior chinese official here thursday .
chen shui - bian 's recent act of confusing himself with the administration of justice in the election of taiwan 's " judicial yuan " denies and wants to explain it .
chinanews , july 9 chen shui - bian questioned the judicial personnel on the island 's attempt to get involved in the election of leaders in the taiwan region .
xiangtai city administrative section of the national court of justice said that the day was the same .
according to a report by taiwan 's " yingjiu , " chen shui - bian questioned judge he or investigation officer on 30 june , who had been involved in the involvement or even attempted to influence the candidates of various parties due to political or election considerations . he said that he hoped this phenomenon would not exist in taiwan , but it might be very difficult .
in view of chen shui - bian 's query , the court president of the court of appeal , yue sheng , did not respond , but the court president of the supreme people 's court , gao jinchi , spoke at the court of justice .
kao chin - chi said : the basic law of taiwan and the code of judges of the muentefering both declared that judges should go beyond the party and should not participate in party activities , nor should they be selected , and the judges should strictly observe the relevant laws and should be given the judicial restraint .
gao jinzhi pointed out : kaohsiung gaoxiong , judge chang shengli from the college ,
zhang shengxi once wanted to participate in the dpp 's muster competition .
gao jinchi believes that if a case is tried by a few cases , there is a chance of improvement in court proceedings .
germany to lower entry threshold for professional personnel
the berlin - based report of july 1st , by reporter huaicheng wang
german minister of education and scientific research sarwanzy said recently that germany should lower the " tiger 's " interpretation of the regulations on importing foreign professional personnel and , through increasing the number of foreign personnel , solve the problem of competition in germany .
according to oecd 's report , germany has reached 15 to 64 years old .
if there is no sufficient immigration , it will be impossible to do so in 20:00 , germany 's labor force will be 6 percent less than the current figure .
however , the german federation of employers and the german engineers association reported that germany 's labor market is still at a low level , engineer technological workers are somewhat inferior .
the german federal labor office said that the unemployment rate in germany rose to a record high in may this year , compared to 1.27,000 people in may .
germany has been trying to protect its own people 's jobs and has set a relatively high threshold for introducing foreign talents .
the german hugawa law stipulates that non - eu professionals are not allowed to enter germany after german spies .
shalik suggested that this limit be lowered to the silt .
no superstition of laws , no rules , no rules
the draft amendment to the law on lawyers , which was submitted to the npc standing committee for deliberation recently , stipulates that lawyers who have engaged in legal research and other professional work , and who are senior or similar professional levels , should be required to apply for the professional qualifications of lawyers , and should be submitted to the npc standing committee for examination and approval by the judicial administrative departments of the state council .
( june 28 , china ) : official says
there is a theory of relapse and a practice of the market .
for a long time , the theory of law and the practice of contemporary china have been imitated by the elegant of writers and artists , and the theory circle believes that it is necessary to establish a modern international standard of mechanics only if the appeals of laws are not met .
with regard to such division of labor , what the law can do is to maintain the status quo , not to support any person who has been given support .
however , the provisions in the law of lawyers ' rules have been revised .
in fact , some comrades engaged in legal system studies , such as international law , have simply started theoretical studies and teaching , and their theory has gone beyond the bounds of law .
in this way , the concepts of laws and regulations will undoubtedly be applied to the courts in the field of law .
study of theory , superstition , and others , such as experts ' and assessments , often will affect or even reject court verdicts .
and encourage chinese - invested ships to fly in navigation
the national defense university of china ( ndu ) ,
the national press conference held by the state council has learned that starting 1 july this year , china will implement the sino - foreign - invested international shipping special registration policy and encourage the hoisting of foreign - funded ships to return to china to register , and the navigation of vessels will be hoisted .
and make new contributions to further promoting the healthy development of china 's maritime industry , and to strengthening china 's rotational industry , in view of the fact that a considerable number of ships engaged in international shipping are registered abroad and are operating without foreign flag , the ministry of communications recently issued the " decision on implementing the international shipping special administrative region [ eco ] in china , " which clearly states that the conditions for enjoying the special case 's policies and procedures are in line with the requirements of the application
applications for ships from shanghai can be made from dalian to become a ship of china .
britain cuts terrorist attacks , says
xinhua news agency , london , july 5 ( reporter guo lin )
british government to attack china by terrorist attacks
at present , the british police have shifted the scope of investigation to india and australia .
because of the eight arrested terrorist suspects , they were all working in the medical system , and the government will carry out a comprehensive investigation of the background of migrants entering the medical system work .
it is reported that nearly 300 chinese women died in the british public health system .
the prime minister also called for the establishment of a new cultural heritage in the background of high - tech migration .
shopkeeper not to make vendors tidy
startling tourism and making of the " golden silk " are the best way to enjoy .
however , he traveled in china , and many people were suffering from this kind of worry , but he was sentenced to death by business dealers and intermediaries business .
both cars and trains , the driving force behind the train will always be affected by small traders and unlicenced intermediaries .
it is not a petty egg selling cakes , but it is selling newspapers and periodicals , and many unqualified intermediary tablets , even false testimony , and so on .
if you do n't accept it , he can chase you for several hundred meters , and if you are quite successful , you will become a benevolent trend .
in some places , many things have been brought about by wind , many things .
before entering the gate , some people came to visit the city , little flares .
after entering the door , this situation will become more serious , and the good yaxing will also be blamed for the skeptical and unpleasant .
some media reports that the number of foreign tourists visiting xian is very good for the bird tiger in xian .
these include the roof of , the mud of the wind , the wind , the wind , and the place where the wind and the wind flow , should be in an orderly and peaceful way , and give a harmonious environment to the motorists .
the freedom of trade and traders has been smashed , and the timing of the market has objectively destroyed these kinds of temptations in public order , resulting in the pollution of the environment and also caused serious damage to the reputation of the market as being inferior to the others .
the important thing is that these products are the symbols of the national spirit , and their beings are observed by the beating of spiritual civilization in the locality . the damage is not only an image issue but also an impact on the local economic development .
just think , if you want to make a big and powerful tourism industry , then you use this kind of chaotic tourist environment to greet the southern and northern visitors , and who will be willing to come ? who dares to come ?
your tourist economy will be able to achieve results ?
with the arrival of the tourist season , it has brought new opportunities to tourists from the south and the north of the sky , and it should be said that the pressing task at present .
lackeys are not market , small business hawkers ' business behavior should be regulated , and operations without a license must be resolutely abolished , and illegal activities should be resolutely dealt with .
a civilized and orderly environment can enable the young generation to be happy , and can make greater contributions .
in a word , let merchants make things undisguised .
sparse , rewarded , and rewarded ,
the construction of jiaodian district in beijing , which uses modern relics such as electric shower , as a measure to protect the low - income families of 12 households .
( xinjing bao , july 10 )
the author has made an impression of the improvement of the living conditions of these families , but he has taken the initiative to retreat from the original , and also has been rewarded by the practices of rewarding them .
jianhuajie neighborhood deputy director said : the court of appeals held a forum to encourage voluntary surrender of the " red army " to other low - income households .
this example is a good example of encouraging other low - income people to work hard to extricate themselves from difficulties , and this is indeed worth advocating ; if we want to use this to relinquish those low - income people who have been swindling for a long time , we are not exempt from this .
on the basis of differentiating and cleaning up low - income households , we should rely more on the law .
relevant departments should strengthen the management of low - income families and should ensure that they are entitled to the minimum allowable - bodied allowances , such as promptly notifying the family members and income changes , reporting employment situation , and conducting regular reexaminations . the departments concerned should step up supervision and inspection .
after all , we should retreat from the previous practice of keeping things unchanged .
the street has given the families of servicemen who have been rewarded by the court ?
the neighborhood is a first - level government organization , and its expenditures are borne by fiscal appropriations .
moreover , the money of taxpayers should not be used ?
on the one hand , the number of families withdrawing from the low - income category has proved that they have certain self - sufficiency capability , and on the other hand , those applying for low - income insurance do not still exist ?
the " falungong " cult , which is called the lifesaving money , should send people to the disaster victims in a snowy weather instead of adding flowers to the brocade .
liu said he was willing to serve as a service provider , but this remark was even more straightforward .
on 10 july , the nation 's first open election was initiated by li jianying , a famous farmer from mufang town in xindu district . after assuming office , liu yi received democracy for the fourth time , with the rate of satisfaction reaching 97percent .
when the reporter met liu ji 's remarks , liu gang - yi gave him a position of a " riner " service .
( the news of xinjing bao [ xin jing bao ]
liu qiyi 's service shop , the other way , may be more beautiful than some appointed cadres .
the public - pushed election is the biggest challenge to the appointment of the official system , and the former is determined by ordinary party members and masses , while the latter is mainly appointed by the organizations of higher authorities , and the source of power determines that the former must place the responsibility for the people in the first place .
the source of power and the person who is responsible are the key to how to carry out the work of the person elected .
some people doubt whether such a theory is like a democratic elegant , a democratic elegant .
my view is that there is such democracy .
considering the development of democracy at the grass - roots level in china , i believe that it is a long - term and arduous task to promote the direct election of the general secretary to make a major breakthrough .
india is expected to select its first female president according to an analyst , the possibility of being elected is quite great , and the female voters hope to raise their status as women .
on 23 june , he touched on the occasion of the tenth anniversary of the founding of the prc .
indian presidential election opened on 19 april . the new president will be elected by the presidential election under the leadership of current vice president shevardnadze and the lasaka state president recently .
passera is the first female president candidate in india 's history . if she is elected , she will become a roughshod president of india .
passeri is the president of the ruling party , and sergei shara is from the opposition party 's people 's party .
since the congress party has won the presidential election , the national media and the public have started to make appeals .
the 72 - year - old lamasanto , a female state leader of jasafarystate .
ms yan , marion , martial arts , and lecturing experience , said .
she also devoted herself to social welfare and was a model for many cultural relics and social welfare organizations .
analysts point out that the reason behind the phenomenon of passing has been because she has been consistently speaking in favor of india 's national congress party chairman sonia gandhi .
in india , the gandari family has been controlling the ruling national congress party for a long time .
he was beaten by a large number of female voters , and the female voters believed that paulo would play a role in india 's imperial image , which is seriously discriminated against women .
the constitution stipulates that india is a federal state and the president is a state head and tiger , and will lead instead of a party organization .
( yan wing - ling )
the united states supports the palestinian government in expelling extremists .
washington , july 22 ( jiefangjun bao ) -- ( reporter xu qisheng )
us president bush said on 21 march that the united states will fully support the pakistani government 's efforts to link up the " muster base " and the extremists from the border area between pakistan and afghanistan .
bush said at the weekly radio address that day that according to the new us intelligence , hijacking base organizational leadership in pakistan and afghanistan will not be able to find any evidence of the cluster of tunnels .
he said he was worried about this .
bush said that the united states will continue to support pakistani president musharraf and believes that musharraf will persist in establishing ties with bases and organizations and militants .
the " national intelligence report " recently published by the united states pointed out that the muslim armed organizations are particularly geng geng tiger in the united states .
musharraf met with the leaders of some northern factions in september last year , and signed a joint declaration on preventing the influence of the eastern region and on the activities of members of the same base .
these tribes are not willing to or are incapable of flying themselves to safeguard the security and stability of the region .
bush said in his early recorded speech that the bush administration is taking active steps to correct this mistake .
the united states hopes that the dprk nuclear issue agreement will be implemented comprehensively .
washington , july 24 ( jiefangjun bao ) -- report by reporter qi xu
us assistant secretary of state christopher hill said at a press conference on the korean nuclear issue on the 23rd that the six - party talks on the korean nuclear issue held last week was very important and that the meeting made real progress for the first time , but this was only an initial move to implement the agreement .
the united states hopes very much that the " september 19 joint statement " on resolving the korean nuclear issue and the " february 13 joint document " can be implemented in an all - round way .
in a press conference on the same day , greek said that in order to realize the goal of resolving the dprk nuclear issue , it is necessary for the dprk to declare its entire nuclear program by the end of this year and realize its function of disposing its nuclear facilities .
he expressed the hope that all parties concerned will fully carry out their commitments to the six - party talks on the korean nuclear issue within one year .
hill also said that during the security and energy talks , the two sides also reached consensus on the issue .
the climate change has led to a rapid reduction of the alps ' ice chains .
the july 1997 sino - foreign joint venture company , ltd. ( reporter liu jun )
the swiss glacier expert has followed the study and discovered that the distance between the seasonal periods and the iceberg in switzerland is growing at an average annual rate of 33.0 percent .
the rings only led to the flame ice in alps .
experts believe that by the year 210 , if the global temperature rises to 3 , it will be cut down by more than the current figure , and will rise 5 , ice tiger , and ice .
the two sides also exchanged views on the development of the two countries ' relations .
the photo is 23 kilometers long , allech ice chittery .
photo by liu jun
the various teams of athletes from different countries participated in the olympic games .
beijing , july 30 ( jiefangjun bao )
reporter liang jie reports from the china consumer association that on 8 august , the 29 th olympic games will be held at the countdown time , and the consumers association of beijing municipality will also be renault on consumer rights and interests protection committee of consumer rights and interests in shanghai . the consumer association of consumer protection association , the qinhuangimperial imperial cotton consumer association , and the consumer council of hong kong , in the name of the city 's first district of consumer protection rights and interests
the proposal proposes that from me , strengthening the consciousness of the humanistic olympics , learning protocol knowledge , and enhancing civilization , practice civilization , and observe the laws of society , and make efforts to know civilization , we should study and practice civilized practices .
to enhance the awareness of the green olympics , protect the ecological environment , cherish the spirit , and actively promote sustainable consumption , and become a consumer that upholds green consumption .
and foster the awareness of diligence and thrift , change the concept of consumption , blindly compare it with others , oppose extravagance and waste , and become rational consumers with a scientific concept of consumption .
raising the awareness of protecting consumer rights and taking the initiative in participating in social supervision and consciously respecting and safeguarding intellectual property rights , correctly understanding rights and obligations , acting according to law , acting reasonably , and safeguarding rights .
promoting spirit and active participation
" i 'm " hugged " hong kong 's heavenly kingdom celebrated the first anniversary of its return to the motherland .
on 1 july , the temple of the jinghai monastery in nanjing was once again knocked down and melted .
this heavy historical revelation has been repeatedly affirmed by the television stations in the mainland and hong kong and the people of nanjing in their endeavor to make the appeals of the people of hong kong at this time .
ten years ago , july 1 , nanjing jinghai temple opened its gowns , flowing around the clock tower .
no big flower ; the flame of beating people from all walks of life in nanjing city , they said : we should , through our own appeals , make the alarm forever .
jackson clock is 1.84 meters tall .
the shoulder - to - shoulder is 1.97 metres and hong kong 's spirit is beating elegant .
in those years , the force 's engineer and casting worker wang fengling explained that there were five thousand tigers in the eastern section of the liangying mountain , the entire copper bell of the zhong used the above - mentioned above , two dragon lanterns to fire fire ball , symbolizing hong kong as a symbol of hong kong as the oriental pearl city of oriental pearl , nanjing , as the handicrings of the oriental flower .
the first proposal was to build a police world was made by yu xiaodong , a democratic party member , saying that he felt like a tiger hong kong has been returned to china for 10 years . he hoped that hong kong would be able to do something like that in hong kong tomorrow , as in the case of shining brilliantly , without exception .
( end ) zhu xiaoying , liu yang )
the russian security bureau accused the exiled oligarchic " of initiating a " movement "
russian oligarchs in exile in london , berezovsky 's lawyer , borovski , announced on 2 july that the russian federal security agency had formally submitted a new request to his litigants , accusing them of being reluctant to seize the state of elsewhere in russia on 2 july , attempting to seize the political power in russia .
borowkov pointed out that the meeting between byelovski and the british newspaper guardian in april this year announced that he was prepared to launch a imperial court in russia , including the investigation of the case of the opposition authorities .
the russian federal security bureau 's reconnaissance bureau immediately issued a warning in accordance with article 278 of the " criminal law of the russian federation " regarding violence and abduction clauses . recently , it officially submitted a report to the moscow savili court .
it is understood that the russian federal procuratorate issued a public prosecution against him in february 2006 . the court decided to mete out a criminal prosecution according to the principle of the oligarchs who were also exiled in the country .
peres has been in exile abroad and cannot extradite . in january 2007 , the russian side temporarily suspended the investigation of the case .
on 2 july , moscow 's savili court began trying the case of the other exiled murderer . the russian federation procuratorate accused bishriev of beating the russian airline company for 2.14 - billion rubles . the court ruled that qian 16 - million rubles , and the court decided to postpone the trial of the case until 12 july after hearing . this will be the defendant 's national defense counsel .
peres believes these are rare historical periods .
( bi yuan )
guangxi huanhua 's responsibility posts are subject to administrative efficiency supervision 619 people are being investigated and punished
since the beginning of this year , various localities and departments in guangxi have launched a campaign to change the work style of cadres and strengthen the work of administrative efficiency . they have set a deadline for investigating and affixing responsibility in the " three systems , " 33 special examination and approval departments in the autonomous region have been included in the administrative efficiency supervision network .
so far , 619 people have been prosecuted for their responsibility .
the reporter learned from the discipline inspection commission of the autonomous region on 5 july that currently , guangxi has initially formed the three provinces , namely , the autonomous region 's administrative efficiency supervision network , and the intensification of supervision over key departments ' network responsibility . the work of the 14 electronic supervision systems has been linked to the autonomous region .
the regional system of electronic supervision of administrative efficiency directly linked to the key links that involve investment environment and production and life of the people and 33 provinces directly under the autonomous region , which focuses on examination and approval of departments ' responsibilities , further standardized examination and approval behavior , and increased the efficiency of examination and approval .
at the same time , discipline inspection and supervision organs at all levels in guangxi have seriously investigated and handled cases involving infringement of the interests of the masses . as of now , they have investigated and verified 769 cases , and dealt with 584 cases , 619 cases involving rotation of quotas .
the standing committee of the cpc central committee and the provincial party committee , ma peiyang , said on 5 july that administrative efficiency supervision is a work that has always been carried out and must gradually form a long - term mechanism .
guangxi should further improve and standardize its administrative management work , establish and perfect various systems for supervising administrative efficiency , and guarantee mechanisms for administrative efficiency . it is necessary to incorporate efficiency supervision into the orbit of institutionalization and standardization , further standardize the supervision and inspection procedures , perfect the mechanism for handling complaints and improving the mechanism for assessing results , and step up the investigation of responsibility and the system of responsibility for the first responsibility and the system of setting the time limit .
the us economy grew by 3.4 percent in the first quarter of this year , the biggest increase since the beginning of this year .
nato does not rule out the possibility of having a cooperation with the united states on the issue of the abm system
nato information minister simon endero said on 9 july that the united states should not send troops to iraq , but should not rule out the possibility of linking the us anti - missile system with the nato 's own defense system .
the two sides also exchanged views on the situation in the middle east and the situation in the middle east .
she said : nato has its own theater missile defense system and has begun to discuss the establishment of a strategic missile defense system . it has also incorporated the us abm system into the nato 's own defense system .
she also said that the question of the us establishment of an anti - missile system in europe will be resolved through various channels by nato .
the chinese government has decided to set up a special committee to help the country 's economic development in the coming years , said a senior chinese official here thursday .
two jordanian people were arrested for plotting an attack on the us
two jordanian men jailed for plotting an attack on us soldiers in jordan on 11 april by the jordanian national security court .
the two men , aged 25 , were arrested for beating muster muzhijaari , who was also a man of jubilant mujari .
the court sources said that at the same time , the defendant was accused of illegally holding a signatory of the boss while searching him .
the court had decided to sentencing him to life imprisonment and to give him a liquid .
the indictment said that the two defendants had decided to provide a " tiger " with a tiger whose name was humiliated by the americans , and therefore plotted to attack the israeli soldiers who lived in jordan .
in august 2006 , they married a man who died in the battle of anman , capital of jordan , but in the course of carrying out attacks against him .
the indictment did not reveal the details of the identity of the us .
the indictment also accused the two defendants of attacking other americans . however , they did not disclose details .
the chinese government has decided to set up a special committee to help the country 's economy to develop in the coming years , said a senior chinese official here thursday .
the chinese government has taken a series of measures to prevent the spread of the disease .
according to us media reports on the 15th , the anti - diabetes , including heart disease , has recently been reported in the united states , with a large increase in the number of reports .
the us food and drug administration announced a safety warning in may , suggesting that patients should be careful in using language to diabetes because the report published on may 21 of " new medicine magazine " has been published .
wen di , therefore , was welcomed by doctors and patients .
statistics show that in the wake of the issue of safety warnings , the us drug administration received a total of 357 such reports , including 357 such cases , which were reported to the state of the united states .
and in january and february this year , the pharmaceutical authority received only 50 and more samples of pharmaceutical products , and the remaining 73 cases were reported .
these bad responses are less than water blisters , and they are seriously tied to sudden heart disease .
however , the us drug administration 's drug experts believe that it is now too early to come to the conclusion that the theory of insecurity of language is still around .
the drug administration will hold a hearing on the dna examination on july 30 .
in 1999 , huxiang wendi was a pancreas increasing .
about 6 million diabetes patients have taken or are taking diabetes .
wen di , the british glaxosmithkline , has always believed that clerk is safe and has a great impact on the patient 's reputation over its corruption .
us wants to resume middle east peace talks
us president bush issued a speech in washington on 16 july , calling for a meeting on palestine and israel this fall on the issue of palestine and israel , calling on some neighboring countries of israel and some arab countries and other relevant countries to join in the efforts to promote the resumption of the middle east peace process .
on 17 august , bush also called egyptian president mubarak , king mubarak of jordan ii , king of saudi arabia , and demanded that they actively respond to the proposal and take practical action to support the palestinian national authority chairman abbas , to help palestine and israel resume peace talks at an early date .
abbas says the central committee of the palestinian liberation organization will discuss the issue of palestinian election ahead of schedule
the president of the palestinian national authority abbas on 18 april said in ramallah that the palestinian liberation organization ( plo ) central committee will hold a two - day meeting on the same day to discuss the early holding of the palestinian national authority and the election of the legislative council .
abbas said in a speech at the presidential palace on the same day that he met with senior eu foreign and security officials , and held talks later .
at the same time , abbas expressed strong dissatisfaction with the relations between the palestinian national authority and the eu .
he said : the palestinian side welcomes the eu 's positive measures toward the palestinian president 's government .
abbas urges eu to continue providing humanitarian aid to the palestinian people in gaza .
he reiterated the eu 's concern over abbas and the palestinian people .
he said that the issue of the un emigration has been resolved by the united states , italy and germany .
speaking at a press conference , gen said the eu is positive about deploying international forces in gaza , but it still needs to discuss with other parties , especially with the united nations .
china 's top legislator wu yi said here thursday that china will continue to implement the reform of the administrative system of the administrative examination and approval system of the state council .
jiangxi will build new plants for rural residents in 30 years
for a long time , a large number of professional and technical personnel in the health sector have been flying around in rural areas , and labor has been given a great price in the health of the grassroots and the peasants .
jiangxi province recently decided to levy fees for the agricultural industry , which has been promulgated for 30 years , for 30 years , on merit award .
according to the jiangxi provincial health department , the " village health care week " organized by the government has been characterized by superstition and acrobatic diseases , such as academic qualifications and professional skills of primary and above health hygiene specialties . all professional and technical personnel who have been listed in the township health and hospital directly or merge with them are up to 30 years of service in the village and township heming village . all of them are given awards .
the final accounting of the first group was set at the end of july .
for rural public health personnel who meet the requirements , jiangxi province will not only issue certificates of merit to rural public health work for 30 years , but also emit awards in examination , examination , and examination of the appeals of the relevant personnel .
senior school examinations will be conducted separately , and the examination will be conducted in a way that focuses on actual work ability , and the conditions for scientific research and exemption will be exempted from the examination , and priority will be given to those who have obtained qualifications .
the jiangxi provincial health department will also arrange a certain number of vacation places every year to provide financial support .
starting this year , jiangxi province will carry out a pilot project in rural areas every two years to collect honor and praise from the applicants for the 30 years of public health work .
the united states and the european union ( eu ) have agreed to strengthen cooperation in the field of energy and environmental protection .
the us defense department reconsidered reducing the us military forces stationed in europe
us defense department officials said on the 23rd that due to the iraq war and changes in the world , the us defense department is reconsidering drafting a new plan to cut the number of us troops stationed in europe by about half .
the us media quoted a defense department official as saying that since the iraq war is still going on and the us - russian and iranian relations have worsened , the defense department of defense has slashed the feasibility of the plan to station troops in europe .
shang fei , then defense secretary rumsfeld announced that the united states would withdraw from the european military by 2012 from the original 11.cotton man rumsfeld .
at present , the total strength of the us forces in europe has fallen to some extent .
however , in june this year , the commander of the us european command , tungdok , submitted a report to the current defense minister , asking questions about the aforementioned reduction plan .
the report said that the us military stationed in europe , while cutting military strength , has been transferred and deployed to iraq and afghanistan in turn , making the us military personnel in europe shortage , and cannot match with the european allies .
the report proposes that the reduction of us forces stationed in europe be stopped .
a relevant us expert said that the above phenomena show that the long - standing fight in the iraq war has disrupted the original us military 's plan to make adjustments .
china 's top legislator wu bangguo met here thursday with a delegation of the european union ( eu ) .
the " huanqiu jiaozhou " transportation safety film entered the community construction site ,
renmin wang , july 26 , qingdao ( reporter song xuechun fan )
to further deepen the reform of urban civilization , make the broad masses of residents more civilized and enhance their awareness of the rule of law and the sense of traffic safety , and enhance their consciousness of observing the law , the city government and the people have been conducting the " three stresses " education in the cities of troika , namely , the city of gaijia , and the jiacheng square in the south of the city of langjuan square in the north of the city , and
when the movie started , the lecturing team will publish the " elegant protection -- death -- a heroic epic of the broad masses of residents " and some propaganda materials to the public , and also broadcast the " rinisto " warnings and " shaking the shoes on the road . "
in the video , the curtain raised the hue of the citizens .
in particular , the " road to school " special topic movies have been circulated , and the appeals of the appeals of the appeals of the appeals of the people have been accepted .
this film attracted the attention of more than 3,000 residents around the square . in particular , some people who came to tingzhou and migrant workers sat in the center of the venue reluctantly to watch .
through the film of transportation safety , the huanjin construction site will be opened to the public .
ministry of health : china 's catering industry to be gradually implemented
to better implement the " food hygiene law , " and the " decision on further strengthening the management of food safety " made by the state council , the ministry of health has separately issued " litigation investigation reports " in the districts of haidian district , beijing municipality , the jiegang city of taizhou city , zhejiang province , and the three engineering projects of zhejiang province , haiying , zhejiang province , and qili , and sichuan province 's ten districts .
this system will also gradually be introduced into the whole country .
restaurants and hotels management publicized system is an effective mechanism for monitoring the health of the catering industry on the basis of day - to - day health care licenses , management system for health care workers in the health care industry has proved the quality of food products and labels of labels of labels for processing medical products , and the environment for processing in the processing places for environmental hygiene .
it was learned that the display list will be used in unified fashion and in pattern as stipulated by the ministry of health , including nine on - the - spot inspection results , including rating conclusions on site health supervision and monitoring of organs that are under supervision , and customer complaints and reports . it will be posted on the inspection unit 's gate .
the united states and the european union ( eu ) have agreed to strengthen cooperation in the fields of energy , energy and environmental protection .
un security council decides to extend peacekeeping force in ethiopia
the un security council unanimously adopted a resolution on 30 july , agreeing to link the un peacekeeping troops stationed in libya ( eeregger ) with the duration of six months to next year 's court session starting on 1 january .
the resolution urged all parties concerned to honor their commitments , exercise restraint , ease the tense situation , and avoid provoking unctuous military activities , calling on ereyadema immediately pull out of the temporary security zone for troops and military equipment , and calls on the lumbered region to reduce the number of additional military units recently deployed in the interim security zone .
the resolution called on hugged immediately to take concrete steps to enable the eritrean border committee to quickly set the boundary without any circumstances , and demanded eritrea not to delay the construction of the highway linking egypt and eritrea .
the resolution reiterated that the country will fully support the work of the eritrean border committee and would also express its appreciation of the decision of the committee to hold a meeting with eritrean in new york on september 6 .
in 1998 , eritrea and the eregone broke out in the border region , causing many deaths .
in june 2000 , the two sides held a joint anti - cease - fire in the algerian capital of algiers .
the united nations began to hold a military exercise in the ethiopian border in july 2001 to monitor the implementation of the cease - fire agreement between the two countries .
china 's top legislator wu yuejiang said here thursday that china 's economy is growing at a faster pace than other countries .
the national flag raising ceremony was held at the diaoyutai state guesthouse .
chengdu , june 30 ( jiefangjun bao )
xing jianfei , a reporter from huaqiang tian : to implement the party central committee 's instruction on building a harmonious socialist society and to coordinate with the construction of new socialist rural areas , the entire people will join the olympic games , enrich the cultural life of the masses , and greet the olympic games national races , which are being swept in the two counties of the whole country on 30 july .
the six - day race attracted over 100 athletes from all parts of the country .
according to the regulations , athletes participating in this competition must be athletes , and age must be from the age of 18 to the age of 18 .
all the 2006 hugely 2007 national sports team management center , which is registered by the state sports general administration , must not apply for the competition .
the competition , which is the most recently approved by the china association of jurors , will be divided into two categories , namely , the prequalification competition and the final .
the competition was jointly organized by the state sports administration center , china appeals to the chinese association for sports and sports , and the china international sports travel company .
in recent years , there has been a trend of development in cultural and sports undertakings in shuangfu county , and shuangfu county has obtained national title of " national sports county " , the national advanced sports unit , and other advanced units .
in particular , in the new rural construction , double - current counties have vigorously carried out construction projects for peasants , and have integrated the construction of sports facilities with the beautification of rural areas by making efforts to afforest grinding grasses , and built the stadium in rural areas and among peasants , so that the sports service system can cover rural areas and vigorously promote and develop the cultural undertakings with local characteristics and the joy of peasants that appear in the sports and the competition of eastern regions .
the three functions of modern uniforms
first , it is to identify functions .
differentiating between different military branches and between different military branches and the people .
in the world , over 100 countries have formed their own armed forces . although there are only a few countries with different military uniforms , there are no other countries with military uniforms .
second , symbolic functions .
to a certain extent , military uniforms are the spiritual outlook of a nation and have the characteristics of a nation .
in the courtyard , he was married to the court of martial arts .
third , the protection function .
with the development of new and high - tech weaponry and equipment , the enhancement of comprehensive protection of new - type operational uniforms has added to the functions of defense against atypical pneumonia like chemical defense germs .
( shi wei )
the party committee of the brigade dared to handle affairs from the real .
chengdu , july 3 , by wire ( reporter li jianjun )
qu geming , yang ruying , said : we can call the title ' champion ' in the big team 's party committee organ 's determination and courage to clear away the corridors .
today , a signal training unit of the chengdu military region was moved away from the seasons by more than ten cadres from their homes . they all felt gratified at the heroic spirit of the party committee of the great team in solving problems one by one as they dared to really tackle problems , and were full of respect and praise .
a few years ago , with the growth of personnel , the family belongings of this group were violated , and the number of working cadres ' housing was even greater than those of the group .
the brigade also made several trips to the base , all of which were not clear due to various resistance . this problem became a problem for the old .
shun can only be called ' shackles ' without solving the problem .
the new party committee group has reached a consensus , and its principal leaders have personally started to make investigations into all the problems of housing occupying in violation of regulations .
they were relaying the spirit of the times and the ringing , hoping that relevant personnel would go elegant , egg - flake , and egg economy applicable to buildings in the army , demonstrating the firm resolve and principled stand of the party committee .
for those who have housing in other places , they are unwilling to leave their housing units that exceed their housing , party committee organs promptly contacted their units , and they adopted measures to prevent them from being overtaken .
after two months of meticulous work , the mud silk market has been closed for all households who illegally occupied their houses on schedule . the cadres of the brigade have been assigned housing according to regulations .
the party committee of the group has the courage to deal with real cases and has also produced a bumpy effect . in the past , several units which were unwilling to cooperate actively with the organization have also expressed their subordination to the decision of the organization .
npc chairman meets bangladesh air force commander
beijing , july 9 ( jiefangjun bao )
reporter zhang shun reports : xu shengyang , member of the air force of the central military commission , met with zaiji , chief of staff of the bangladesh air force , and his party in beijing today .
qiao qingchen said : china and bangladesh have maintained good relations since the establishment of diplomatic ties . high - level contacts have been frequent . friendly exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been strengthened .
the two countries have always supported each other in international affairs and in their national construction .
china appreciates and thanks bangladesh for its support to china on issues such as human rights in taiwan and tibet .
qiao qingchen said : the chinese armed forces value the friendly relations with the bangladesh armed forces and hope that with the joint efforts of both sides , the friendly cooperative relations between the two armed forces will be further expanded and the friendly exchanges and cooperation between the two air forces will be strengthened so that the friendly and cooperative relations between the two armed forces will be raised to a new level .
he said bangladesh will continue to make efforts to further develop the friendly relations between the two armed forces , especially the two air forces .
he reiterated that the bangladesh government will , as always , adhere to the one - china policy .
prior to the meeting , qiao qingchen held a welcoming ceremony for ziao .
he said that he was invited to visit china on july 8 at the invitation of qiao qingchen
the 2007 model of military uniform architect is a guest of the chinese military online .
beijing , july 13 ( jiefangjun bao ) reporter yang baojin reports : the pla units have been conducting a series of training courses in the form of 07 military uniforms since august 1 .
this evening , the chinese military online invited experts from military materials to join the army .
the two honorable guests are mr yu jianying , a special designer of the 2007 army uniform .
on the new uniform change , jiang said that the new uniform will be a new type of military uniform which will be replaced by new ones .
the 7 - type military uniform is the most distinctive characteristic of the functions of the imperial court , and it is also a symbol of the army uniform .
the two guests also exchanged views on the species of new military uniforms , the tiger tiger tiger appeals , and other issues .
this time , hualier is a brand new science of the chinese army online corridor , which is jointly sponsored by the huanqiu internet network .
jingjiang city 's population and military wushu platform has improved the quality of military cadres
the pla delegation headed by cao jiacheng was formed on 18 june .
this is the first time that the department of poplar has put pressure on cadres in light of the actual conditions of their posts , and has devoted great efforts to improving the overall quality of the specialized wu - related cadres .
early this year , the party committee of the people 's armed forces department discovered when conducting investigation and study at the grassroots level that some cadres had served as elite , neither had they worked nor had they been cited as a director .
therefore , they have adopted the method of training sessions and training sessions to rely on local party schools to conduct regular training on specialized wu training cadres , and have made efforts to solve problems of knowledge among cadres engaged in specialized arms , such as being only in professional knowledge and only in professional quality .
in connection with the central task , we should boldly carry out tasks , strengthen our fighting spirit , and continuously improve our ability to work at our posts .
at the same time , they have actively coordinated with local organizational departments and jointly formulated the " regulations on competitive appointment of specialized military cadres , " clearly specifying that the minister of the armed forces must enter the leading body of the party committee , and must not be involved in other posts .
a system for readjusting and exchanging cadres with specialized arms has been established to provide guidance to those cadres who are still young and who cannot adapt to the armed forces work at the grass - roots level in a timely manner and have strong ability to work in connection with comprehensive quality .
not long ago , the new century tiger - hugged company , ltd. , chen yisong , director of the armed forces department , led the militia unit in innovating and developing the underwater technology , filling a domestic gap , and being upgraded to the director of the armed forces department of the company .
good at the beginning should be good .
the result of the competition alone was 2 - 2 .
if iran 's team was 2 - 0 , then it would score a point .
at first , no good will end . it can be said that old things are not .
but , often , it is not something that can be played by the situation .
this is indeed not something like a tiger ringing in the wind .
however , from today 's competition , there is a little bit of chance .
sun jigan , director of the huaqing temple , and others , found themselves in europe after being defeated ,
this humorous case was forced to be eased by the iranian team , because it was probably due to the deployment of troops .
iran 's team , in a backward condition , had two to three , and the scene was immediately eased .
thrown in the second half , three famous young girls were not good .
overcoming the erroneous and unjust things , we must accurately find the right source .
as long as the problems are accurately identified and the problem is resolved , it is not difficult to find the way to correct them .
i was afraid that the medical staff would be sent to the hospital in a hurry .
if this goes on , then the ball will be played again and again , and there will be more problems . when talking about it , people would not have expected a kick .
the ministry of public security gave a collective commendation to the second class of the class .
shenzhen , july 18 ( jiefangjun bao )
li guoliang reported : over the years , guangdong frontier defense corps hospital has played a positive role in ensuring medical care for the troops .
this morning , the ministry of public security gave a collective diary to the no. 2 qingong rally of the guangdong frontier general hospital and the advanced deeds of supporting the government , supporting the people , and cherishing the people in shenzhen .
the guangdong frontier corps hospital has regarded building a harmonious society as the starting point , and has started construction of the jiaohua jianhuaan hospital in shenzhen .
the hospital specially equipped a truck with service rods , which was delivered free of charge to peasant workers , and introduced a brand name brand for peasant workers ' health service , namely , liquid 7 yuan per month , and also gyrino treatment and protection .
this measures to benefit the people have benefited the farmers from the work .
from shaoqi , the hospital also started the construction of a thousand beacons , elegant charm , and elegant treatment activities . eight eyewitnesses were organized to go far away from medical and health care workers from a medical and healthcare team in western jiangxi , yunnan , qinghai , qinghai , and other places to send back shine , health eel , and to fight for free of charge , bringing about 3000 cases of food in light .
the armed police force will be replaced with 07 - type clothes beginning 1 august .
beijing , 19 jul ( jiefangjun bao ) -- report by reporter jianjun zhang : the armed police force will , beginning 1 august , be replaced by 07 garments .
this reporter learned from the 2007 model of the armed police force 's clothing distribution ceremony and the beating of the beds that the 2007 - style clothing has a total of polyacrystems , as training elephants , four large categories of races .
garment is made up of the existing olive green to the deep - envelope and green color , and the cracks of trousers are also appearing , and the overall design is strong , and the design is strong , and the national garments standard is followed .
the female officers and soldiers were fighting on the roof of , passing away from dongguan dressing gemino , and flying colors in summer uniform .
the newly added name plate martial arts qualification requirements and the national defense blue ribbbon , as well as the new label of label rotary flower and the drying bands , have enhanced the functions of clothing identification , strengthened the sense of beauty identification .
the armed police force 's 07 - type costume will be replaced in three years .
on august 1 , 2007 , the pla started to popularize the " seasonal eggs " of cadres in synchronous fashion and national flag , army band , army and literary ensemble , cadres in the jingfa district and soldiers stationed in beijing in spring and winter , elegant consignments were replaced by traditional uniforms of soldiers in spring .
huanqiu junshi , a soldier of other units , was named after yang qianlong , a symbol of the ancient civilization .
the title was changed in october , and the winter flares were often dressed .
december 9 , 2009 , it was for soldiers to replace winter uniform .
the officers and soldiers were promoted to higher levels in the course of training .
a certain base of the second artillery corps was tied up with the education department .
the pla delegation headed by xue bingjian reported : xiao jian , a small unit directly under the party branch , was unable to get involved in the education organization , and each fought independently , and will be tested in a certain base of the second artillery corps .
this reporter recently learned that after six months of experiments , the base has issued the " implementation of the ' outline for ideological and political education ' " method , covering all the small and remote directly subordinate units of the base .
and make new contributions to promoting the effective implementation of the " outline of ideological and political education . " at the beginning of this year , the base organized forces to conduct in - depth investigation and study on the current ideological and political education , which affected and constrained the key issues in the education time , and initially formed a system of directly - administered units , which is small , sceptical , and remote .
the specific methods of the areas of cooperation are to break down the demarcation line between the units and to set up a special brigade in the areas where the units directly under the direct administration are relatively concentrated , and to make unified planning for the theme education , and units under different jurisdiction have close to the hearing sessions or taken advantage of the distance from the similarities to the long - distance discussion of the same systems .
adopt the method of competition to work on posts , and make adjustments to the educational forces in a unified manner ;
each co - ordination area has established educational bases and education centers .
on this basis , all areas of cooperation have established a difficult task to request assistance from education operators , and established an emergency ideological situation notified and evaluated the situation .
zhang shengjun , director of the base 's political department , told this reporter that establishing a political education cooperation zone has not only reduced the waste of educational resources but also deepened the educational results .
some political temptations are afraid of being missed in front of officers and soldiers of other units , and they take the initiative to learn new knowledge in exploring new ways of education .
officers and soldiers who receive education also actively lack the spirit of analyzing the situation .
this way , we will be moved by the passion of the nation .
a certain naval fleet 's rotary flames were sent to soldiers .
the pla delegation led by zhang junhong , liu hongjun , arrived at the port of the north china sea fleet on 17 july . zhang weiliang , deputy chief engineer of the north sea fleet , worked for a long time in the frontline of work , happily went to the beidaihe train .
six senior officers , mr luo xiangming , happily told this reporter : leaders of the group showed concern for and cherished the soldiers , and this made us deeply moved by the fact that we will certainly work hard in work after we return !
they should organize grass - roots fighters to catch fish for the first time in this group .
not long ago , yao qingsheng went deep into the grass roots to see some fighters responsible for work braving the wind to carry out equipment maintenance work , which greatly moved yao qingsheng .
the soldiers of the company forgot their own work , and the party committee should care for and love the soldiers and take responsibility for the soldiers ' health .
after studying the speech , the party committee decided to distribute the quotas of the superior to the brigade and remove them from the work to the frontline soldiers .
the handling of affairs by a unit under the jinan military region has not been overheated .
the pla general staff headquarters ,
wang weiqin made special contributions to the construction of the hongxi temple in jinan military region on july 25 .
according to su chengsen , political commissar of the pla navy , this is a major measure taken by the pla unit to promote the system of opening government affairs to the public .
jfjb : party committee of this unit has formulated the " regulations on two - way supervision of grass - roots organs " for supervising the work of party style and clean government , and other measures , requiring that all major issues involving the immediate interests of officers and soldiers and the building of the troops be decided after listening to the opinions of officers and soldiers at the grassroots level , and so on , and will results in handling affairs according to standards and procedures .
the unit set up a database to make the appearance of tiger tiger appeals on the basis of the appeals , extensively solicited opinions from all sides .
in the beginning of the year , the renovation and transformation project of the army 's dormitory building was started . the party committee organs extensively solicited the opinions of officers and soldiers , and then issued the tender information and issued public bidding .
it has saved the funds and won the support of the officers and men .
the work of handling affairs openly and impartially has given impetus to the formation of a fine atmosphere in the grass roots .
in this unit , grassroots companies , no matter whether they are major or hot - point - point - point affairs or small , go to the court of personal leave and meals , and other daily expenses , all adhere to the principle of making public regularly and consciously accepting the supervision of the masses .
( international ) research shows that shaking hands with two genes
xinhua news agency , london , july 2 - icelandic scientists discovered through research that there were tigers of genes and clubs that had broken through buildings far higher than ordinary people .
according to the latest issue of " nature " magazine , the lifting of the tiger code relics from iceland has started off a survey of some ancient oriental relics from iceland , such as the united states , and several thousand people in hong kong , china . the research personnel have obtained the aforementioned discovery .
the two species of genes and the early era of heart starts with the genes discovered by scientists .
shaking his mind immediately , he is the most famous doctor in his clinical style .
according to another report in the " report on natural genetics " published on 1 july , the title of the " genetic study company " also touched the memorial hall of the human chromosome 17 .
the study also found that one of the genes is increasing the risk of human infection .
us senators to visit china
xinhua news agency , marathon , venezuela , july 3 ( reporter liu jian )
the venezuelan media reported on 3 july that the 37 - year - old goer will be keller in an interview here . he said that if the us iceberg failed to find a suitable club after the game , he would choose to retire .
jugglo , who finished 4 to 6 after the asian cup , i still cannot get the highest level of champion .
with the rise of geleg , the team fell to germany .
although keller was very interested in her work , he was reluctant to go to the government .
however , this former us president , who has served western australia , has not yet been named after the same old godddess of britain and germany .
at the gold cup tournament that ended not long ago , keller played an outstanding role and helped the team win the championship .
the american cup , he still has been taken as the head coach of the team , and he is still in the lead . however , he is hard to rival all his tricks , young boxing , and jang jun 's flying gee , is not at all argentina 's troika like the empress of the strongest country . the two games he held in were not the seven big seven times he was wearing .
the next match against the colombian team is very likely to be the match between the team and keler in this american cup .
chinese , indian nationals arrested for suspected bawberry smarts beijing , august 26
xinhua news agency , ottawa , july 26 ( reporter : zhao xueming ) - according to reports from the " global post , " after eight years of efforts , black ries ( whitewashing ) ( lckrt ) from the canadian company have finally been awarded a batch of mobile phones to china . the first batch of black strawberries will be put on the market in china at the end of august .
jean - claude gary , ceo of jim g. bastley said that he would attend the opening ceremony of the " world heritage day " in china 's major cities such as beijing , beijing , guangzhou , etc.
the global post quoted the theory of genetically speaking from a manager of beijing office as saying that the 8700g - type mobile phone model of black strawberry 8700g will land on the chinese market at the end of august and the price of the mobile phone is about $ 700 , and it has now received 5,000 orders .
boucher said that the rings of the company last week were not yet finished .
according to statistics , in the first quarter of this year , black strawberries mobile users newly increased by 1.2 - million , with the total number of users reaching 9,000 .
spain : husband mongol killing wife
xinhua news agency report of july 7 th from jelly , spain 's woman attacked by mongol breeze , dragged away her face , hurled by tiger ruo , who discovered that her husband was the only one of the suspects .
according to reports in the local media on 6 april , the woman was found dead in a bundesbank in valencia .
one day , a monkey man was discovered in the betrothal store .
however , the man did not get the money , but pinned the woman 's neck and wanted to go to her neck .
she wanted to use the method of assembling to make a lifelong , but the man was not put into her , still kicked her and throttled her neck .
during the fighting , the woman pulled the girl off the face , but it relayed the beard .
the murderer has been arrested by the police .
the victim told the media that she had to leave the scene because of her indifference . she and her husband were in the process of divorce . they had two children .
13 pilots resigned from the wuhan company and rejected claims for more than 100 million yuan
xinhua news agency , wuhan , july 11 ( reporter liu yang and shuchu )
13 pilots resigned , while the huanqiu oriental airlines of china was ordered to open a high - price route of 105 million yuan .
the hubei provincial labor dispute and arbitration committee is currently trying the case .
in may this year , 13 eastern wuhan company pilots proposed resignation from the post , and the company refused to accept it .
later , the pilot went to the hubei province for arbitration in early june . he asked the ruling to terminate the dispute with the eastern wuhan company .
the china eastern airlines derived the notice , calling for an appeal , asking the 13 pilots to leave the company separately .
it is understood that the pilots ' agreement with the eastern airlines was based on the unlimited time - limit labor contract , which was terminated in the labor contract or terminated conditions , and the effect of the labor contract will continue to be lowered to the statutory retirement age of the pilot .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee has made the case appeal and the trial of the case , and it is expected to conclude before 8 august .
germany urges russia to resume talks with russia
xinhua news agency , riga , july 12 ( reporter yang dehong ) - visiting german foreign minister scheden said here today that china is willing to work with russia to further promote the development of bilateral relations .
steinmeier held talks with foreign minister paula ronald .
at the news conference after the talks , steve said that the united states and russia should resolve their differences through the ldp treaty as soon as possible .
steinmeier said : china and japan are neighbors , and china and japan are similar neighbors .
on 27 march this year , after 10 years of negotiations , the price of the king juan carl vidas and the russian prime minister jean - klebanov signed the border treaty between the two countries in moscow .
on 17 may , the latvian parliament passed a lahore border treaty .
according to a report by the media , the russian parliament will make a vote on the treaty in the near future .
dprk , rok to hold sixth round of talks beijing , june 26
pyongyang , july 16 ( xinhua ) the democratic people 's republic of korea ( dprk ) and the republic of korea ( rok ) signed a joint communique here today
the military representatives of the dprk and the rok held a military talks in panmunjom on 16 august . the two sides agreed to hold the sixth round of talks between 24 and 26 august .
according to a report by the huanqiu international news agency , the dprk military representative fei lin - su proposed the following proposals in his contacts with the same day : the yanping island in the western north korean waters to the pak ling island ;
he said that establishing a common corridor must be implemented to the maximum in seeking common national honor and common benefit and ensuring peace and stability .
speaking on the relations between the two countries , pak said that china and japan have maintained frequent exchanges of high - level visits in the western waters .
he said that formulating a military support measure in a timely manner to promote cooperation and exchange between the dprk and rok is a stand upheld by the military .
he said : the rok side should now adopt a military measure to ensure the dprk 's non - governmental ships can enter the rok from haizhou port .
this is another important meeting between the two sides since the 10 th of this month , after which the two sides have reached agreement on the issue of fighting bird flu .
the fifth episode talks between the dprk and rok were held in the north korean side of the bane , from may 8th to 11th .
( international ) modern automobile denies intending to purchase wolfowitz
seoul , july 18 ( xinhua ) south korea 's hyundai motor company spokesman said in seoul on july 18 that it had no intention to purchase wal - mart or cluster 's brand names .
the sunday times reported that the " new york times " and the other day reported how similar products might be sold to wal - wa .
the sunday times reported that the us government had already notified the chinese government of the incident and that the rok 's hyundai motor company was a potential one .
hyundai said that china has made great contributions to the acquisition of wolfowitz or road tigers , modern tiger , modern times busy implementing its own expansion plan , and there is no time for him to go to jail .
in 1999 , the cotton jujujujujuezhai purchased $ 64.5 - billion from sweden 's wolfowo group .
at present , wolfowitz and other jewelry are all under the jurisdiction of the head automobile group ( appeals ) .
in march this year , the court sentenced wei jie to death for selling the usd emitted banner , and sentenced him to death by the same month .
cuba 's huger beat ropes too big
xinhua news agency , rio de janeiro , july 21 ( reporter chen weihua ) - - - the nielong tan of the republic of china
the cuban delegation arrived in beijing on 21 march for a fuss rope .
according to the rules of the international fist , the taiwan team beat the ropes of the international fists at the time of the game is 6.1 meters , but according to the coach of the cuban delegation 's boxing team , pedro roeke , the current rope of the pan - american games ropes is one meter short than the standard of rope .
rojker said : we submitted a formal report of protest because this incident was a very serious incident .
the rope is too short to influence the fists ' flash away from the movement .
he also said : " the rise of the rock is not suitable for the olympic games . "
as we know long ago , we have brought us from cuba .
mexico and colombia also expressed their opposition to boxing ropes on the same day .
columbian fist juolo dobrius , although he had won the first battle , he said : although the ruling was not won , i still had a very good fist in the fight against taiwan .
the great white rabbit has regained its export order .
xinhua news agency , shanghai , july 24 ( reporter xu shefeng ) - - this reporter learned from the guanyuan ( group ) company limited that the shanghai port for a time had a whitewashed dabriel sugar reappeared in the port of shanghai . many overseas customs also demanded that orders be successively issued .
the guansheng garden in singapore is located in the orient of hong kong , the famous city of huannan , lin qingrong , said that because the singapore agricultural grain and the imperial examination bureau of the university of white rabbit sugar are banned from formaldehyde , it is therefore required to make orders in the market .
the malaysian tiger feng sheng company said that it was necessary to request the crown park to immediately start a ship transporting one from shanghai , the grand elephant dabriel dirt to malaysia .
the coroners ' corridor ( name as transliterated ) also called the guanyuan , saying that the hong kong food safety centre had taken a lot of white abnormalities from the laboratory in hong kong and had no formaldehyde .
the five - capital trading company limited has received notification from huaru city of hong kong that it has resumed sales of over 100 bedlers ' whitewashed sugar in hong kong .
it was learned that the shanghai port for some time had elegant rabbit dull dirt .
at present , seven containers are in the sea .
( international ) explosions in britain caused a threat
xinhua news agency , london , july 26 , the british police announced that a truck named " tiger " was bought from britain in mid - july . a suspect killed in a suicide bombing attack in kelieu county on the 23rd .
the man was named tiger jiao jackson . he was 51 years old . he was a unemployed person and he will be blackmail and manufacturing bombs .
on 14 july , he was arrested by 14 british nationwide , including the muster purchase of some muster products due to bomb threat .
jackson , who is a product of the british people 's purchasing from china , was shutdown by 14 peaks at that time , the largest figure in britain .
the british police then showed concern over the bomb threat incident . they announced that the incident had not been discovered .
( sports ) changing date of flowers is the torch of the beijing olympics .
beijing , july 28 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will host the olympic games next year , with tiger humid , rising august , becoming the season of the season of the season of the season of the season .
through changing the traditional industries , such as the flowers and trees , scientific research personnel have found a good way to increase their colors for the olympic games .
march 28 th in beijing olympic torch relay
in beijing summer , usually we can only see a dozen or so grand occasions , most appeals are either gone or dried , or are far from reaching the level of aerial corn .
after making efforts , scientific and technological personnel selected the year 206 olympic flower in summer , which has attracted a lot of varieties .
in the beijing haidian park , the 2007 olympic torch relay will be held .
turkey 's ruling party wins parliamentary election
xinhua news agency , july 30th , by reporter jian wang ( reporter wang jian ) - the 23 rd parliamentary election of turkey 's supreme electoral commission announced on july 30th shows that the ruling justice and development party has won 550 seats , of which 341 have once again won a ruling party .
at the election of the parliament held on 22 july , the main opposition republican party won a seat in the parliament .
the national action party won 71 seats in the election .
apart from the three parties mentioned above , another 26 supervisors elected as members of the legislative yuan .
the new turkish parliament will be held in beijing in august
members will be sworn in and will start to perform their duties .
the parliament will continue to hold talks with the european parliament through a balloting method .
the turkish parliamentary election was scheduled to take place in november , but the election was held in the end of april because the opposition parties were not in favor of the only candidate , namely righteous and developing party 's deputy prime minister and foreign minister guel , resulting in the election defeat and the parliamentary election was held ahead of schedule .
