among the trucks , the cause of the investigation was that two mobile phones were stolen .
afp , london , july 6 ,
the daily traffic in london pointed out that the two rings , which are the princess diana 's princess diana 's death accident investigation in paris in 1997 , were used by the office of the chief police of the metropolitan city .
the report pointed out that the theft case has caused people to speculate that the computer might contain a large - scale police officer , mr stevens , who is leading the investigation .
however , a man who is a police officer in metropolitan said that there was no sensitive information on the computer or any information relating to the investigation .
" the government has been working closely with the government to ensure that the government will continue to work with the government , " he said .
the report said that the nobel anwar police station 's officers had been working in the past 10 days to investigate two cases of theft .
a large - scale mass of chinese medicine practitioners who had been killed during the weekend from january 28 to 29 were all taken away , and the second case occurred last week .
norodom sihanouk also said that there was no evidence that the two cases of stealing and thily sir stewart were related to the work of sir stewart .
" the government has always been pursuing the investigation of the princess of the wales , not directly guiding the cause of the accident .
the royal coroner , mr brizgar , ordered the investigation of the evidence in 2004 .
the daimler , who was born on august 31 , 1997 , was killed in a traffic accident in the paris tunnel . at that time , she was also her wife fayer and driver .
the french police have , in two years of investigation , believed that it was because of the driver 's drink - driving and drug - taking drive , the car lost control and caused a tragedy .
sri lanka 's traffic authorities agreed to hold talks in geneva in late july
afp , lun lulun , 7 th .
the number of hos mediation and mediation of peace indicated that the sri lankan war group agreed to start negotiations in geneva on 22 june in switzerland to defuse the difficulties and difficulties of the parties in seeking to end the racial bloody conflict which has lasted for several decades .
norwegian peace envoy solheim held talks with tanzania 's liberation tiger in london .
norwegian embassy in beijing issued a statement saying that the clashes were each built , that is , the sri lankan government and the people of the tiger liberation organization of tamil eelam requested the norwegian government to assist the norwegian government in holding talks in geneva on february 22 nd .
the two - day talks will focus on how to strengthen the negotiation on the issue of the cease - fire agreement which will take effect on 23 february 2002 , and the agreement has never been fully observed by both sides .
norway 's embassy pointed out that the two sides will discuss how to improve the cease - fire agreement , which is also the first time that the two sides have conducted face - to - face talks at such a high level over the past three years .
sony said that the united states will lead a team of norway to participate in the negotiations , and the tiger liberation organization of the tamil eelam will be led by the team leader barshefsky , while the sri lankan government is led by health minister .
he said : the lump is a road leading to peace . however , it is important to hold talks . the process of the negotiations will be a complete success .
the solution of the racial conflict in sri lanka was the first one of the two rounds of talks held in japan in march 2003 , but the tiger liberation organization of tamil eelam had cancelled the original plan to hold the seventh round of talks in thailand in april 2003 .
du lin winter olympics opens
afp , daidulin , april 10 ,
article 20 the winter olympics is held in dulin today .
south korean women 's speed skating team li bailai and north korean men flocked the brocade with korean jet khan sen , respectively holding the two countries ' representative team , leading the south korean team to the winter olympics .
this is the first time that south korea and north korea have held a olympic games in the winter olympics .
to reflect the recent developments in the relations between the two sides in the past few years , the snowy summer olympics in 2000 and the athens summer olympics in 2004 , south korea and north korea both joined hands in the tournament .
north korea also did not participate in the us yim lake city meeting .
the korean peninsula was established in 1948 as a " new era " for the two koreas to implement capitalism and communism . the two sides had a " new era " between 1950-1953 .
the nongbei leader said in 2000 that the peace summit meeting between the two sides had improved .
according to the tradition , the greek representative team is the first country to participate in the competition , among the 80 countries participating in the competition , south korea is the 22 nd green camp , and the 23 rd country .
the landlord , goni , is the last one of the countries that have joined the team . when the italian team entered the site , the crowd immediately sounded warm applause and applause .
holbrooke once indulges in drugs , lucky to awaken to the opening of a new era in performing arts
afp , new york , march 16 , 2007
the " three links " are the most likely ones to be held this year 's oscar film emperor , the movie champion koo shumin , the white scarf of the colossal bloody bath , and the revealing that he had been indulged in drugs and wine when he was little .
holbrooke said in an interview with cbs news magazine that he had a long - distance experience when he was a press magazine of columbia broadcasting in the united states , that period was really a means of selfless use in order to obtain drugs and alcohol .
at that time , he was only 20 . he was just from the university of new york 's drama department , and entered a society of five broad colors . everyday , his daily life was rapidly whirling , and finally he got his head swollen and lost control .
he said in his 22 - year - old ringleader that he had escaped alcohol and drugs there , and that was his most dazzling period in his life .
the upcoming " shanghai five " summit to be held next month will be a major event in the history of american writers kozy 's role as a player of the united states . the cobalyan emperor was considered the best hope to win the best male lead award .
in this regard , he had an excellent performing skill .
this official of the 38 - year - old actor said during the interview that if he did not make a decision to change his bad habit before he became famous , he might not have been able to nominate oscar .
he said : he is very admired those who were 19 years old and suddenly became famous for the multiple gold .
the bird flu has been in the process of the outbreak of avian influenza in europe and the people of liberia are panic .
afp , paris , 16th .
the bird flu virus is being spread in europe , causing panic .
the eu executive committee has approved the establishment of a " renault zone " control to control the detection of the virus in the entire region of the virus and to prohibit the transportation of all poultry - poultry biological transactions .
the african nairobi and sierra leone virus discovered in nigeria was discovered eight days after the virus spread to more chicken farms , showing that the virus has already crossed the northern border to nigeria .
egypt officials are investigating the death of a chicken farm in the southern region .
the european chicken market is affected by the virus , and the decline of the magnitude is a big margin . the european commission emphasized that there is no reason for panic .
the executive committee is responsible for the health and food safety commission , mr daniel - presse , said the public is concerned about this matter , but there is no need for too - reactions .
following the earlier stipulation that the virus found three kilometers of surrounding areas and a dozen kilometers of warning zone , the eu commission again worshipped out a new stipulation that all the european region where the virus was found was listed as a buffer zone .
a man who refused to be named eu official pointed out that each person was nervous and that they had to go to the other side of europe to deal with the case , suspected that the epidemic had erupted .
the european region has so far approved a total of 380 million poles from austria , the polesetesia of germany , the epitome of the greek valentine , the wssi winterland of ukraine and russia in europe . the traces of the 576 - million territory of the territory of russia in europe have appeared , almost all of them are in the wild geese .
romania has been found in its 31 st case on 16 july , and the liverpool of austria and the rugenodo island of germany have also found new cases .
the italian government has been trying to find a new home in two ducks , the european region 's first wild geese .
the eu officials are most worried about the upcoming african flights from africa .
the nairobi government is strengthening its work to prevent the virus spreading in the african continent to humans .
the nigerian government announced that all the poultry farms in the vicinity of the infected farms will be closed to poultry in the area of no matter whether they are threatened by the virus .
the people of neighboring countries , niger , announced that the country would enter the alert and would allocate $ 4 million for emergency plans , monitoring and border with nigeria .
the newly established state emergency committee said that they had received notification that the two countries had set up a security border region , the maria region , with nearly 400 birds dead .
china electronics bank 's business management new regulations will be announced on 1 march .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 6 th , by reporter jie han and xu bo xu
the china banking regulatory commission ( cbrc ) said that according to the provisions of the management measures , the procedures for examination and approval of foreign financial institutions have basically remained unchanged , that is , after foreign banks have been allowed to operate online banking services , if new types of business of internet banking services are added , the principal report of the branch should be reported in a unified manner by the bank of china .
to standardize the operation of commercial banks in using the internet to carry out banking business , the people 's bank of china in june 2001 issued the " interim procedures on the management of internet banking business . "
the china banking regulatory commission ( cbrc ) said that with the continuous development of the business of the commercial banks , the interim procedures cannot meet the requirements of the electronic banking sector 's risk supervision and control .
according to the statistics of the bank of china , the cbrc has made a decision on the quality of safety assessment institutions , which is different from the administrative licensing of industry access or enterprise access qualifications , and not the essential conditions for the evaluation of the e - banking security by the evaluation body , but as the reference of the financial institutions ' selection of assessment institutions .
only by ensuring safety assessment institutions meet the relevant requirements and requirements can they ensure that they have no qualifications to be confirmed by the cbrc , and that financial institutions can also employ their own electronic banking safety assessments , but they should manage the matter according to relevant regulations .
the " electronic banking business management method " has nine chapters and 99 articles , which are divided into four chapters , namely , the general module application and the management of data exchange and transfer of management of the operation of the interwagged operation outside the management of the waser operation , the management of legal liability and appendix , and nine parts .
the " electronic banking safety assessment guidelines " consists of five chapters and 57 articles , which are divided into four chapters , namely , the general evaluation organization 's safety evaluation organization 's management and supplementary assessment for implementation of the management and supplementary assessment .
the " mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , deng xiaoping , and chen yun on the investigation and study " published the publication and distribution of the " study of the investigation and study of the theory of chen yun "
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 6 th , by reporter xue zhou
we should go deep into the realities of our work , conduct investigation and study , and persist in integrating theory with practice , so as to formulate and implement the correct line , principles , and policies and to be the basic experience and basic working method of the cpc in leading revolution and construction .
comrade mao zedong 's biao zhou enlai and liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng renyun and other revolutionaries of the older generation had made many important and meticulous views on the investigation and study issues , and they also frequently went down to the grassroots to conduct social surveys and wrote many reports .
they investigated and studied the practice and achievements of the research and made a positive contribution to guiding the party and the people 's cause in developing the correct path .
the " mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , deng xiaoping , and chen yun 's investigation and study " are divided into three parts : the first part is the report of the older generation of revolutionaries such as mao zedong and others on investigation and study , and the second part was the written by mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation on investigation and study , and the third part was the three investigation teams dispatched by mao zedong in the early 1960 's and the investigation
these surveys are mostly based on the first public opinion .
in addition , the two feature articles on the " five - year " policy of central leaders in the 1950 s and 1960 s .
russia reiterated that it upholds the one - china policy
xinhua news agency , moscow , february 6 th , russian deputy foreign minister alekseyev said in a meeting with chinese ambassador to russia liu guchang on the 6th that russia adheres to the one - china stand .
aznar said that the chinese government has taken note of chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence .
russia will continue to adhere to the one - china principle and firmly support china 's efforts to realize the great cause of national reunification .
last year , the chinese npc adopted the " anti - secession law " and russia took the lead in publicly expressing its support .
aznar said that the chinese government attaches great importance to the relations with russia and is willing to make joint efforts with russia to promote the development of bilateral relations .
( overseas chinese affairs ) two days later
xinhua news agency , johannesburg , february 6 ( reporter : chen ming ) - - lin yiqing , a chinese fujian provincial resident , was arrested in the early morning of 5 february local time in south africa after being robbed by local militants in his bar . on the 6th , the south african judicial capital city of burundi was saved and null .
according to the report of the federation of chinese in liberzhou , the incident occurred in the northwestern part of the country , wellington , more than 130 kilometers away .
at that time , the store owner lin yixing was picked up inside the room and was preparing to end his business .
at this time , there were three customers in the shop , one of them was carrying a hand gun to the bar and carrying out a robbery .
the more than 40 - year - old lin yixing fought with the scoundrels and scoundrels with lin yixing , and then fled .
the man rushed to the scene .
on 6 february , the chinese embassy in jenburg xu defu , wu gang , and the chinese embassy in south africa lin changming , vice president of the association of chinese people 's fujian fellow in south africa , rushed to burunan to assist the families of the deceased in handling the aftermath .
lin yixing became the first chinese ambassador to japan to be killed by the kidnappers within 36 hours and also the first chinese to be killed in south africa since the beginning of this year .
( newspaper selection and distribution ) shanghai : class - a and college graduates have become the main force for hours workers
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 7 th , the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau issued the latest report on the sixth day of 2006 on the guiding position of wages for the most new hour , which was 11 more than the previous one . the previous job was a climax .
according to statistics from the labor and social security bureau of shanghai , the current average labor force in shanghai has exceeded 1 million people .
according to a report by the china youth daily , college graduates and part - time employees are the main component of the hour work force .
through the investigation of the nearly 8,000 hours of work ,
the number of part - time workers is generally higher , and the level of the work is mainly technical , such as the translation and part - time posts , as high as 81.77 percent , the physical fitness level is 61.6 percent .
gao xingjian is a very good person who is working in the same job as an hour .
according to reports , the monthly income of individual posts can reach tens of thousands of yuan , and it will be difficult to pursue it just as the voice was transmitted , and the monthly income of an hour working posts can exceed 2,000 yuan , such as the undertime , the siege and ceremonies , etc.
to satisfy the individual 's interest in expanding their knowledge of knowledge is also a part - time job that is well - received .
if the person in charge of human resources in a certain enterprise is the manager of the department of human resources , he will spend a few hours a week to handle the financial accounts of a foreign representative office .
gu , who is also the largest serving source of the benefits of the department , is to continuously make its knowledge more updated , and opportunities involve other areas . of course , the income of the company 's 2000 yuan per month also has some enticement .
since some hours of work have a low employment threshold , the working form is flexible and free , and this has gradually been welcomed by many graduates who are working on job . 141 percent of the hours work is close to the college and secondary specialized school graduates in the last three years .
the reason i started and i did n't want to do an hour , but i had a few months later , i felt that i had to go to work better than the ninth night of the dprk .
the university student xiao huang graduated from college , the job he found was not satisfactory , and finally hung up a guest house with piano recital .
the " red force " is a good example of the " red force " that is very satisfied with the work now .
according to reports , the number of hours working has become a number of graduates who are working on job assignments , their skills and skills have enhanced their communication skills , and their techniques have been enhanced to enrich the social history .
the graduates will work for an hour , mainly in the knowledge and technology - based industries .
the average hours of the job are less than the required time , such as food promoters , handicraft attendants , etc. , the unemployed personnel can be appointed through simple training .
the data show that the number of hours working workers was originally the number of unemployed workers .
wu bangguo said in anhui that the work of the npc standing committee has been very successful .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 8 ( reporter zou sheng ) - - - zhou limin , member of the standing committee of the cpc central committee political bureau , recently inspected the work of the npc standing committee . he stressed that the three - plus - one - sided - one - man model of anhui should be taken as the guide , and that the scientific development concept should be taken as the guide for the overall economic and social development in anhui . it is necessary to conscientiously implement the central
on 6 and 8 february , wu bangguo inspected the work of the wuyi mountain , wuhu weifang , and other places , went deep into the villages to inspect scientific research institutes and institutes of higher learning .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui has the advantage of linking up the western region of the western region with the north . it is an important agricultural region of china , rich natural resources , a relatively good industrial foundation , a relatively strong scientific and educational resources , a rich cultural and tourism resources , and a huge potential for development .
the province should firmly grasp the key to promoting the rise of the central region , always uphold the central task of economic construction , and conscientiously implement the central guidelines and policies in line with anhui 's actual conditions , carry out work in a creative way , and implement the scientific development concept in concrete measures and in practical work .
we should sum up experiences in practice in a timely manner , fully rely on the masses , vigorously support reform and innovation , and continuously open up new prospects for anhui 's work .
we should actively promote a harmonious society , persist in taking the realization of good practices and good maintenance of the fundamental interests of the broadest masses of people as the starting point and end - result of all our work , actively create the conditions , gradually resolve the practical problems of the masses in difficulty , gradually adjust distribution relations , gradually change the dual structure of urban and rural areas , safeguard and realize social fairness and justice , and enable all the people to share the fruits of reform and development .
wu bangguo stressed : china has already reached the stage where it must rely more on its own innovation capability and improve the quality of the laborers to promote economic and social development . only by vigorously promoting scientific and technological progress and innovation can it achieve a leap in the quality of the productive forces and truly push economic and social development onto the track of scientific development .
we should establish and perfect as soon as possible a system and mechanism that is conducive to innovation , increase scientific and technological input , encourage patent invention , develop famous brands , speed up the conversion of scientific and technological achievements into real productive forces , strengthen the enterprises ' position as the mainstay in self - innovation , and continuously raise the contribution rate of scientific and technological progress to economic growth .
we should support and encourage the participation of technological elements in distribution , and establish and perfect statistics and index systems that reflect the ability to innovate independently , and study and formulate a system of self - innovation in fiscal and tax collection , government procurement , and other aspects to support independent innovation , and form a policy system that encourages independent innovation .
we should carry out the education on the innovative awareness among the entire society , vigorously advocate the spirit of daring to innovate and compete with others , and strive to create a good atmosphere for the emergence of talent in large numbers .
wu bangguo pointed out : the people 's congress has done a great deal of work in the process of ruling the country according to law and building a socialist country ruled by law .
to do a good job in the work of people 's congresses in the new situation , first , we must uphold the correct political direction , unswervingly follow the path of socialist political development with chinese characteristics , and combine upholding the party 's leadership of the people and governing the country according to law with the party 's leadership .
second , we should closely center on the overall situation of the work of the party and the state , closely focus on the major issues of reform , development , and stability , and carry out work closely around the hot - spot and difficult - point issues of common concern to the masses , and constantly enhance the practical results of the work of the people 's congress .
third , we should give play to the characteristics and advantages of the npc 's work , uphold democratic centralism , handle affairs according to the procedures , and decide problems collectively .
we must persist in following the mass line , taking people as the foundation , and exercising power for the people , have a feeling for the people , and seek benefits for the people .
china has put forward a strategy for developing hydraulic mechanics within the next 15 years
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 9 ( reporter li xing ) in order to enhance china 's international competitiveness , it is necessary to vigorously promote sustainable development and achieve key leaps , and the " national medium - and long - term scientific and technological development program " ( 2006 - 2020 ) , which was promulgated by the state council on the 9th , has four major scientific research plans .
this four major events of scientific planning are the most important research in proteins , the control and control of the saucer , the napius study and the development and reproduction research .
the outline pointed out that the scientific protein science is the most important source of life science for the developed countries to compete with each other in a fierce manner .
the next 15 years will be a key period for china to study the convergence of important biological systems , the study of proteins , the diving tubes , the tugyi team , the mechanics of protein , the protein biomass biology functions , and the functions of each playing the each other 's core protein the protein - shaped biology and system biology , the method of the protein research , and the relevant basic research .
the outline also believes that the quantitative regulation and control study has clear - cut farsightedness and may have a far - reaching impact on the social and economic development of mankind in the period between 20-30 .
china must focus on studying quantitative communications
in addition , the outline pointed out that nanometer technology has become a key strategic choice for many countries to upgrade their core competitiveness and is also one of the fields that china can achieve leaping development .
the next 15 years will be a crucial period for china to study in this field , including the controllable supply of nanometric materials , the equipment and functions of assorted equipment , the nanometer biology , nanometric medicine , and the measurement of nanometer standards , as well as the technology of nanometric materials , the technology of nanometric materials , and the technology of nanometric information technology , etc.
china 's population growth is large , and there are many defects in birth , and there are serious shortage of transplant organs , and the peak of aging is imminent . therefore , it is urgently necessary to make breakthroughs in the theory of reproductive and development and to innovate technology .
according to the outline , the number of new chinese enterprises will be developed in 2006 - 2020 , with the focus on developing stem cells , increasing productivity and regulating and controlling the cells , maturity and precision - reproduction functions , and the mechanism for decompression and redundancy of human reproductive functions , and the safety and ethical genome of the auxiliary reproductive and stem cellular technology .
shanghai has achieved a rapid growth in real estate prices last year .
xinhua news agency , shanghai , february 9 ( reporter huang tingjun ) - - the state 's macroeconomic regulation and control policy toward the real estate industry in 2005 has been noticeably successful in shanghai .
according to the latest data , the total amount of land used in shanghai 's real estate industry last year decreased significantly or slowed down .
the total value of domestic exports of goods fell by 6.6 percent over the previous year , while the value of the real estate industry dropped 4.1 percent over the previous year .
the shanghai bureau of statistics , ban ki - moon , said at a news conference a few days ago that the average sale price of shanghai 's commercial residential residential housing was 6698 yuan / square meters in 2005 , an increase of 313 yuan over 2004 .
the annual sales of residential housing rose by 2.9 percent over the previous year , a 6.6 percentage point drop compared with the same period last year .
the annual real estate market value added was 670.023 billion yuan , a decrease of 4.1 percent over the previous year .
in the financial institutions , the outstanding amount of loans for personal housing mortgages was 264.494 - billion yuan , and the figure for the same year was only 0.94 - billion yuan , but the new loan amount for 2004 reached 728.09 - billion yuan .
ban said that the united states has been making a total of about 30 percent of the sales of commercial houses in shanghai in the year .
the statistics also showed that according to the latest data , the total amount of real estate prices in shanghai will drop by some , and the average sales price of residential housing will be 66,698 yuan per square meter , an increase of 313 yuan over 2004 .
the 2005 annual report of housing sales will be up by 9.77 percent over the previous year , and the increase rate will drop by 6.2 percent compared with the previous year .
according to him , the number of people who had completed real estate development was 124.66 - billion yuan last year , an increase of 6.1 percent over the previous year .
sales restriction per 3158.887 square meter , a drop of 9.5 % .
the annual sales volume of commercial properties was 21.1631 - billion yuan , a decrease of 4.55 percent over the previous year .
the two light aircraft crashed into new zealand
xinhua news agency , wellington , february 9 , two new zealand light planes crashed into the sea of the north of wellington , capital of new zealand , killing one and injuring another , the local news agency reported .
according to the local civil aviation department 's relevant responsible person , the aircraft was the first to fly to the maxi university 's flight academy . they were still undergoing training , and they were not yet given the flight license .
after the incident , two planes were flying at a non - air control area , and according to regulations , the pilot was required to deal with the aircraft 's navigation and security situation in such a zone .
a man who was found at the scene of the incident told the new zealand media that he had heard the huge explosive sound when the plane collision was , and saw the plane crashed into the ground at a speed .
the other eye - catching man also confirmed that the plane had heard a huge explosion before the plane crashed and saw a plane wound falling .
at present , the main reason for the collision is still unclear , and the local civil aviation department will conduct an investigation on this .
( overseas chinese affairs ) argentina 's overseas chinese strongly condemn chen shui - bian 's speech on taiwan independence
xinhua news agency , buenos aires , february 8 ( reporter cao yu ) - - the chinese delegation of overseas chinese and chinese residing in argentina issued a solemn statement on the 8th , strongly condemning chen shui - bian 's recent statements on taiwan independence , and opposing any attempt to separate taiwan from china .
the statement said that chen shui - bian 's speech on 29 january made it clear that he would scrap the national unification council and the renamed national unification program on the 29th and would take another step toward taiwan independence .
the two sides of the strait are longing for peace , and the desire of the taiwan compatriots for peace and stability and development will face stern challenges .
the statement pointed out that it firmly opposes and curb the trend of taiwan independence forces ' separatist activities , and safeguards peace and stability in the taiwan strait region , and still remains the most urgent task at present for compatriots on both sides of the strait and the chinese people throughout the world .
the statement stressed that argentina and china 's council for promoting peaceful reunification are willing to hold talks with all the chinese people from argentina and argentina who uphold the one - china principle , and resolutely oppose any form of taiwan independence forces , and actively promote china 's peaceful reunification .
china 's experts : us preaching of china 's military threat
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 9 ( reporter li xuexiang and lin liping ) - - the pentagon of the united states recently formally submitted a " four - year defense assessment report " to congress , which says china is the most likely country that its water resources are the most likely to pose a challenge to the united states .
experts believe that this is a challenge to china 's normal national defense construction , and exaggerates the china military threat theory , and is a interference in china 's internal affairs .
the " four - year defense assessment report " is a new defense directive document of the pentagon .
this report , which is 92 pages long , is used in three sections to explain china 's military power and the us countermeasures it should adopt , and the report directly mentions a total of 92 sorcery or diagram of china , and says that as a major and newly emerging big country , china has the greatest sincerity to engage in military competition with the united states , and if the united states does not have any countermeasures , china may very well develop traditional military weapons , thus breaking the traditional
china 's military academy research institute of the world military sciences , yao yunzhu , said that although senior us officials have expressed similar views on many occasions before , this is the first time that the united states has put forward a proposal on a national defense strategy report that china may pose a military challenge to the united states .
the reason why the report clearly stated for the first time that russia 's episodes from india were the newly emerging strategic opponent , especially the so - called china military threat theory , gave more attention to the matter .
china 's military science academy researcher , major general peng guangqian , said .
it is noteworthy that in the " four - year defense review report , " the same day the us president bush also briefed congress on the budget for fiscal year 2007 , including the defense budget for fiscal year 439.3 - billion us dollars .
the reason why the kmt has been adding to the military actions taken in iraq and afghanistan is that the us military spending for fiscal 2007 will exceed $ 500 - billion .
peng guangqian said : the united states has fabricated the threat of other countries to follow the same tactics of the threat of other countries , reflecting the consistent style of the pentagon 's mechanic of manufacturing enemy forces . the real purpose of the report is to strive for more national defense funds and to fish more profits for the huge us arms industry group .
experts say that compared with the huge us military spending , china 's national defense spending is quite limited .
zeng qinghong , who has participated in the military expert written in the chinese national defense white paper many times , said : since the 1990 's , with economic development , china 's national defense spending has increased somewhat , but the proportion of national financial expenditures in the same period has generally shown a decline .
the official statistics show that in 2004 , the volume of china 's defense spending was about 40 percent of the state 's financial expenditures during the same period .
the 2005 chinese economic and trade budget is 24.466 - billion yuan , only about one - fourth of the us national defense spending , and the per capita military spending of the us is only about 1 / 60 . the per capita military spending of the us military is about 1 / 30 .
the united states ' territorial area and china 's territorial area are generally quite large , and the gap between military spending is so huge , and who has gone beyond the normal defense needs is unjustifiable .
peng guangqian said :
china arms control and disarmament association research department director teng jianqun said that the us side should objectively evaluate china 's military construction and that china 's peaceful development does not mean that china and the united states will become their opponent militarily .
the " 2004 china - based defense " white paper says that china firmly follows the path of peaceful development and practices a defensive national defense policy .
china has never been a single country in the past and at present , nor will it pose a threat to any country .
so far , china has not made any decision on establishing military bases in any other country , nor has it sent any troops to other countries , while the united states has over 100 military bases overseas . it has only deployed a dozen of military bases in asia .
professor li xinsheng of the institute of international relations of beijing university said that china and the united states should increase communication and exchanges through the established channels , enhance mutual understanding and mutual trust , and comprehensively promote the constructive and cooperative relations between china and the united states in the new century , and jointly promote world peace and development .
( winter olympics )
xinhua news agency , duling , february 9 th , by reporter ying tao ding
on 9 september , the winter olympics in duling city informed reporters ahead of time the opening ceremony of the opening ceremony .
as far as the opening ceremony , the organizing committee chairman cardosis said that he was confident that the meeting would be a success , and that the opening ceremony would cost 10 million euros and would bring together top talent in various fields in italy .
he said : on 10 july night , the chinese people will unforgettably remember that 350,000 spectators and some 2 - billion tv viewers from the world will see a complete success of the opening ceremony , which is full of passive passion .
the emotional flames of flames flames and the magnificent red - colored red - shoved white pigeons , and the white snow and milk cows of alps will appear at the opening ceremony . the director said the director 's introduction , the inspiring spirit , and the italian - style talent - type hua will become the theme of the opening ceremony . the theme of the opening ceremony will be the largest winter olympic games in history . he will show the longest
italy 's famous design master adami specially wrote a letter for the opening ceremony , and the famous italian fashion brand morino will present a gift for the athletes ' entry ceremony .
however , the famous italian boys louis pavarotti will be speaking at the opening ceremony , and the organizing committee will put the suspense in the final .
8 patients who are able to spray flames and flower walls will use three meters long and flames to burn the flames . they will use 70 kilometers of speed to carry out numerous shuttle shuttles at the site .
the organizing committee officials held that this was their first time that they had been most interested in the opening ceremony .
the decision on how to ignite the torch , the organizing committee did not reveal earlier , but the torch tower , which is 57 meters long , will light the rehearsals of the turks and residents nearby alps .
( international ) white house announces bush 's plan to visit pakistan and india in march
xinhua news agency , washington , february 9 ( reporter zhao yi and li xuejun ) - us white house spokesman mcclellan said at a news conference on the 9th that although the comic picture of mohammed islam 's preemptive mohammed has triggered a strong protest in the islamic world , president bush will still visit pakistan and india in march according to the plan .
mcleren said that bush is looking forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he also said that the current plan for the visit is being made .
mcleren is here on a visit to pakistan in a number of areas to protest blasphemy of mohammed by islamic preemptive mohammed .
this january , bush announced at the white house that pakistan 's prime minister aziz would strengthen friendly cooperation and jointly crack down on the criminal activities that jeopardize the security of the two countries .
bush also said that he would pay a state visit to pakistan at the invitation of the pakistan and indian governments .
( international observation ) hamas assembled cabinet to seek breakthrough
xinhua news agency , ramallah , february 9 ( international observation ) hamas formed a cabinet to seek breakthroughs
xinhua news agency , beijing , june 24 ,
the palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) has won the legislative council election , how to draw a new government blueprint into the current international focus of attention .
hamas will implement what kind of new policy will directly affect the peace process and the relevant parties will follow in their policies .
at the same time , the resistance attitude of the united states and israel has also added to the prospects of the hamas government .
at present , all the palestinian parties are stepping up consultations to reach a consensus on the issue of forming a cabinet that involves the difficulties and sensitive points of future developments .
( subtitle ) premier posts flower
hamas won the right to form a cabinet , some people outside are worried that hamas 's prime minister will be intertwined with the current top leader abbas .
moreover , as the egyptian president is visiting egypt , hamas leader musharaf stressed that the palestinian new government , which was formed by hamas , will not recognize israel , and this hard - line signal has also aggravated international worries .
the united states and israel have clearly expressed their refusal to accept a hamas government that has the power to hold the real power , and this has threatened to suspend its economic aid to palestine and to pass on tax taxes to palestine .
however , this does not hamper hamas 's flexible policy .
according to reports , in order to obtain the international recognition as much as possible , the recent meeting of hamas leaders at home and abroad in egypt decided to select the chairman of the board of directors of the islamic university of gabriel al-jahram as the new prime minister .
this is a step that has not been received by the relevant parties .
the palestinian analysts said that the palestinian people will not be able to spend their lives in their prime minister 's office , and the most crucial thing is that the prime minister 's candidate should be lessened as much as possible , and only by so doing will it be possible to ensure the success of the organization .
( subtitle ) power is the most important issue in distribution
from the internal point of view , the challenges facing hamas in forming a cabinet are that it lacks sufficient governing experience .
the palestine daily news said in its article that the hamas ' social welfare program is a form of " peace and stability " in the region , but it lacks experience in governing and is not in keeping with the palestinian national liberation movement ( fatah ) , which has the governing experience .
hamas has been in power for a long time since the election to establish a political partnership with fatah .
the fatah internal group is now holding a vote on whether to enter the cabinet , and a single faction favors participation in the new government , thus doing something that can be done , and the other faction rejects hamas 's invitation . the feeling is willing to do a very positive demonstration of the opposition party in the legislative yuan .
the source said that the united states has been trying to use the palestinian - israeli conflict to split the country under the advice of abbas .
even if this is the case , the palestinian - israeli conflict will be settled with fatah .
in addition , another way is to establish a framework of the legislative council , which is separated from the partisan cabinet .
according to reports , hamas has also designed a clean - up expert - type government , but the specific list is unknown .
in view of the strong attitude of the united states and israel , the technical experts - type government has no choice but to form a cabinet that reduces external pressure .
according to the provisions of the palestinian " basic law , " the new legislative council will be nominated as prime minister and form a cabinet after the new legislative council takes office on 16 february .
( subtitle ) armed forces should follow .
hamas has a large number of weapons in its hands , and it is also facing another thorny problem in its organization of the new government .
the united states and israel have adopted a very tough attitude and resolutely demanded that hamas give up violence and refuse to take part in politics with guns .
hamas leader mahashmir emphasized on 9 august that armed resistance is the choice of the organization 's strategy .
the armed problem actually includes the legitimacy of weapons and the ownership of armed forces .
hamas has adopted a democratic and free approach to the election of the first party of the legislative council to receive international recognition , thus making its subordinate armed factions become a " trumpet " brigade of the jiusan brigade equally legalized means to bring it into the government 's security organ .
hamas has proposed to include all factions in the palestinian national authority .
the current palestinian - israeli peace - keeping force has more than 60,000 security personnel .
moreover , the fatah - led organization relationship has slackened its subordinate armed factions , such as abidah martyrs ' brigades , fatah martyrs ' guards , and the flying eagles of the magasa camp .
the responsible person of hamas who is responsible for forming the cabinet must reach a consensus with abbas on how to manage the armed forces that are of their own own political power , and rationally distribute the authority for security management .
according to local media reports , abbas intends to take charge of security and intelligence forces , police and civil defense organs , and other organs , but the interior ministry of the new government shall be under the control of the ministry of interior .
however , all sides are still holding consultations on this sensitive issue , and so far no final document has been made .
china 's first announcement of polar survey report
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 10 ( reporter li jianmin ) - the state oceanic administration recently issued the " china polar survey report 2005 " , which is the first time china has conducted polar scientific research activities for more than 20 years .
the " report " comprehensively reflects the new situation in china 's polar scientific expedition activities in 2005 . it examined logistic support for polar earth scientific research and the main progress and results of the research .
according to the " report , " the " three stresses " education will be conducted in beijing from 9 to 22 january 2005 . the " three stresses " education has been conducted in the southern pole 's interior icecap inspection team . the " report " also shows that the " red tide " has been established at 15:00 ( beijing time ) on 18 january . the " ice valleys " area is 4093 meters high in the best position in beijing .
the " red force " that is becoming increasingly competitive in the international polar field , the chinese people 's strong will and dauntless spirit , daring to open up new fields , and first launched a research on the extremely sceptical ice - covered ephedrum in the south , and successfully accomplished one victory after another , thus achieving another dream of mankind in the south pole .
the state oceanic administration director sun zhihui said .
the " report " shows that in march 24 , 2005 , the 21 st antarctic expedition team of china successfully completed its mission to shanghai , and the inspection lasted 151 days and the flight distance was 2,500 nautical miles .
in august of the same year , the 22 nd antarctic expedition team left shanghai for the middle east station to conduct scientific examination activities and to begin the final examination at the center of the antarctic . it will leave the zhongshan station before the end of february 2006 to go to shanghai via australia .
since the chinese government has issued the polar world survey report for the first time , the " china polar survey report 2005 " also makes a detailed analysis of the situation in china 's polar exploration project , which started in the early 1980 s .
according to the " report , " in 1983 , china officially joined the " antarctic treaty " and became a member of the treaty organization . it has also become a member of the antarctic treaty and a council of directors of the nantarctic scientific research council , and other countries with the greatest influence .
in 1997 , china became the largest scientific research committee member of the petty science committee , and won the right to speak and make decisions on international polar affairs .
the " report " points out that over the past 20 - odd years , china 's polar survey has never reached its peak , and has continued to develop . it has formed a three - stage sea - crossing sea - crossing fertilizer - one - plus - one - foot - three - pet polescope . that is , the south polarized changcheng station built in february 1985 , the south pole station established in february 1989 , the northern china station established in july
the " report " statistics show that by the end of 2005 , china had already organized 22 antarctic scientific expedition tests , with two batches of snowflakes and one torpedoes as platforms for two large - scale scientific inspection of the beijing arctic yellow river station , and so far more than 3,000 archaeologists from over the whole country have personally inspected the south china pole in person .
the current situation is that we are making preparations for establishing the third antarctic expedition station , and is also china 's first south pole inland inland station to conduct feasibility study and investigation .
sun zhihui said :
the " red force " that has been formed through more than 20 years of efforts , china 's polar exploration has taken a place in the world 's polar survey , but it is still far from comparable to other major polar countries . we must catch up with the head of the fugitive industry .
he said .
sun zhihui revealed that the future china will publish an extremely important report on polar inspection every year .
( overseas chinese affairs ) castro meets with chen zhili
xinhua news agency , havana , february 10 ( reporter zhou ) - cuba 's state council chairman fidel castro met with chinese state councilor chen zhili on the 10th . both sides expressed the desire to continuously strengthen mutually beneficial cooperation in education , science and technology , and other fields .
castro warmly welcomed president chen zhili on his visit to cuba .
he said that cuba and china are very friendly , and high - level visits have been frequent , which has given a powerful impetus to and strengthened the friendship and mutual understanding between the two countries , and expressed the hope that the two countries will continue to deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in all fields , including education and science .
chen zhili said : cuba is the first latin american and caribbean countries with important influence .
china and cuba are neighbors , and the friendship between the peoples of the two countries goes back to ancient times .
cuba is the first country to establish diplomatic relations with new china .
in the new century , in the joint efforts of the leaders of the two countries , the mutual political trust between the two countries has become increasingly deepened , the scope of cooperation has been expanded , and mutual support and cooperation in international affairs have entered a new period of comprehensive development .
she believed that under the joint efforts of both sides , the friendly cooperation between china and cuba will certainly yield more fruitful results .
chen zhili also pointed out that the chinese government has always attached importance to its exchanges and cooperation with cuba in the educational field .
in recent years , the two countries have become increasingly close in educational exchanges and frequent contacts between their personnel .
china actively supports the efforts made by the cuban side to hold international conferences and has sent delegations to attend the world higher education conference and the 2005 illiteracy meeting .
cuba 's infrastructure education level is very high , and it hopes that in the future , it will further strengthen relevant experience exchanges .
chen zhili said : the traditional friendship between china and cuba in scientific and technological research and development can be developed through cooperation in many fields and a win - win situation can be achieved .
the chinese side has provided aid to cuba 's scientific research facilities , hoping to provide a positive effect on cuba 's scientific research and production .
she also briefed castro on china 's strategy of rejuvenating the country through science and education and the national science and technology conference .
chen zhili is visiting cuba at the invitation of the cuban government .
in this period , chen zhili met with cuban high - level education minister vinonio vinono and inspected the harvvwwa university 's tube university 's tube university , the marti school and the santa elementary school .
the beijing - kazakhstan highway accident occurred in the south china sea , and some of the road sections were closed .
xinhua news agency , harbin , february 11 ( reporter liang shubin ) - - - - from the 23rd , a fire broke out at the 58 kilometers of the jingha highway . a oil tanker leaked out , causing some sections to be closed .
according to the report by the traffic police unit of the city public security bureau , the traffic police of the city 's two - city public security bureau killed three vehicles at the 58 km section of the jinghe highway . a car carrying a uniformed truck and a tanker collided with one another . the oil tanker was found to have cracks and the gas tanker was missing . the gas leakage was flowing on the road .
according to reports , the oil tanker loaded with coke and canned oil .
because of the lack of fuel , the cannon was very strong , and was afraid that the vehicles would have been in danger , the departments concerned had closed the road at the scene .
the harbin city is in the middle of the road , and many vehicles are bypassing .
at present , relevant departments are sorting out the scene , and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
( hong kong , macau , taiwan ) and hutchison whampoa announced their listing in italy
xinhua news agency , hong kong , february 11 , the huangpu company limited announced on the 11th that the " zhifu telecommunications company " under the banner of the 331 st century will be listed in the city of italy .
and mr wong , general manager , wong group , said that although the three matches in italy have received the approval of all relevant supervisory and regulatory bodies , the procedures for the acquisition of shares must be completed within the next few weeks , and the time for the matter is too hasty .
at the same time , the current market situation of european telecommunications stocks is weak , and the market may not necessarily grant three cartoons suitable for the listing at this moment .
in view of the fact that the shareholders have the greatest interest to be considered , it is decided that the listing will be postponed .
as to when to relist stocks , huo jianning said that depending on the future development of the european telecommunications market .
he held that judging from the present and a further move , the three italian renegotis need to carry out extensive investor education activities to enable the global telecommunications investment market to have a clearer understanding of the current strong performance and favorable prospects of italy .
the report also said that the three italian orchids are one of the world 's co - ordinators , gao sheng , agreeing to use 420 million euros to hold 103 % of italy 's shares in the form of private matching , and the transaction is expected to be completed by the end of march this year .
( overseas chinese affairs ) china , myanmar to develop economic and trade ties
xinhua news agency , yangon , february 12 ( reporter zhang yunfei ) - chinese ambassador to myanmar komu and economic and business counsellor tang haihai said in an interview with xinhua on the eve of myanmar prime minister soe win 's visit to china that the economic and trade relations between china and burma have been enriched and varied under different styles of mutually beneficial cooperation .
the project is to promote the development of the relations between the two countries and to promote the development of bilateral relations , said the ambassador .
tang shubei said : the two countries ' high - level exchanges have given a powerful impetus to the development of bilateral economic and trade cooperation .
the 2004 - 05 high - level visits between the two countries have also reached 33 agreements on economic and trade cooperation , most of which are being implemented and implemented .
he said : the year 2004 is 11.44 - billion us dollars , and by 2005 , it will reach 1.09 - billion us dollars , including china 's exports to 935 - million us dollars , and imports from china are 274 - million us dollars .
last year , the two countries signed a bilateral trade agreement , which includes border trade ( including border trade ) with myanmar .
tang shuhai said : myanmar has become a key country in the implementation of contracting projects by chinese enterprises . china 's main projects in myanmar include power plant construction , watergate pier , plant ( such as canonese duck factory , shopteryfish plant , and daceae plant ) .
china 's enterprises have carried out engineering business in myanmar , which has led to the development of export of all kinds of machinery and electrical products in china , and myanmar has become one of china 's important markets for export of complete sets of equipment and mechanical and electrical products .
according to statistics from the chinese customs , in the past five to six years , the export of mechanical and electrical products has accounted for about 45.5 percent of china 's total exports to myanmar .
tang said the chinese government has always attached great importance to the development of the myanmar - myanmar petroleum industry , which has been rich in resources and has started to invest in the development of the country 's petrochemical fertilizer mine and other resources .
he expressed the hope that chinese enterprises will have a long - term vision , learn to avoid risks and make cautious decisions , and establish good enterprise image , and ensure quality and safety in the project , so as to win glory for the country .
the project is a good example of the cooperation between the two countries , and the two sides should continue to strengthen their cooperation in the fields of politics , economy , trade , science and technology , education , culture , education , science and technology , education , culture , education , culture , education , science and technology .
it is expected that the two sides will sign several economic and trade agreements during the visit .
the world bank plans to reduce or exempt the poorest countries
xinhua news agency , moscow , february 11 , world bank president wolfowitz said in moscow on the 11th that the world bank will completely remove the debts of the poorest countries by the middle of this year .
wolfowitz said in moscow that he had a meeting with the ministers of finance of the g - 8 .
he said at the meeting that the united states and the united states will hold a meeting before 1 july to reduce or waive debts , and the world bank is now completing all technical work .
last year , the world bank donated a total of 28 countries to help them remove debts owed by 28 countries , and said that they would fill the funds for the trust fund .
the imf said the imf 's creditor 's rights are small , and the imf 's creditor 's rights have been reduced from the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz 's dismissal of 16 african countries from debt has also been welcomed .
gao qingqing 's digital television has become a mainstream in the united states
xinhua news agency , new york , february 12 th , by reporter xiaolin fan
the first set of the us superbowl beauty & the american branch match has become the best way for the american broadcasting industry to greet the high - qing era of television .
according to a report by the financial times a few days ago , the us congress recently adopted a bill to stipulate that american broadcasting industry must suspend broadcasting broadcasting the current analogy tv signal on 17 february 2009 , and only digital signals can be produced .
this means that the us tv program will broadcast a comprehensive digitization of the entire process .
gao shangquan 's resolution digital television popularization is , on the one hand , to be purchased by consumers by means of television sets , while on the other hand , it is necessary to rely on the production organs to provide high - level digital programs .
the number of digital television sets has been repeatedly mentioned in the past few years , but has never become a reality .
this question is raised this year .
according to the us consumer electronics association 's forecast , the number of digital television sets will be sold in the united states for the first time , and the number of television sets will exceed the traditional tv sets , and 85.5 percent of the tv sets are high - resolution products .
japan 's researchers have developed a new type of highly efficient man - made kidney
xinhua news agency , tokyo , february 13 ( reporter : qian zheng ) - a research team of the east china sea university of japan has developed a biological kidney which not only has the same functions as the kidney of human kidney , but also has the functions of retaining the material composition , and is easily transplanted . with the in - depth study , it is expected that the kidney patients will bring happiness to kidney patients .
according to the nihon keizai shimbun , the newly developed biological crekidney is mainly composed of two parts , and the portion is filtration of dna and hydrogen from the blood . the other part is a kidney built from the former lieutenant colonialist and amino acid , and the other one is from the water - distribution and garbage acteric acid , and the other is used to reproduce the blood samples from the bottom
the people of the city are like a kidney , a beacon , and a scud woven , and the water is under the silk line of the central air . the bottom of the body of the trees are covered with the cells of the urine - based xie - type debris .
this kind of leather cell can make blood penetration and the disease caused by multiple blood clues .
the previous practice of artificial kidney has relied on the persibility of the persibility of the vanished device , and cannot completely remove it , and it does not have the means of rereturning the functions of the amino acid and other components to the blood .
the researchers made use of the mountain sheep to carry out the experiments on the transplant of biological kidney , and the use of pig skin cells inside the central air walls of the kidney of the kidney .
the two - week study conducted by the researchers confirmed that the kidney - making kidney could be functioning .
at present , they are developing and using the dirty cell of human kidney , and will verify the genetic conditions of the kidney .
china power safety management still faces severe challenges
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 13 th , by reporter an an and a responsible person of the state power supervision and control commission said on the 13th that although the overall situation of power safety in 2005 remains stable , the production of power safety still faces a grim challenge .
the state power regulatory commission vice president shi yubo said at a national conference on power safety that was held here today that the state power industry will have a total production capacity of about $ 1 billion in 2005 , and the state power industry will have a total output of $ 24.6 billion , an increase of 4.6 percent over the previous year .
however , he pointed out that with the situation of power supply and demand and the large number of new generating units that have been put into operation , the production of power safety will face new challenges .
these challenges include : regional co - operation of seasonal water shortage ;
shi yubo said : with the development of the power system , many deep - level contradictions will continue to be exposed , and how to maintain the stability of the staff and workers and ensure normal production order will become a new problem facing us .
in view of the problems of power safety in 2006 , shi yubo said that it is necessary to further consolidate the basic work of management of power safety and production , speed up the establishment and improvement of the mechanism for dealing with emergency situations in power safety , enhance the ability to deal with sudden incidents , strengthen coordination and cooperation in power plant networks , and jointly safeguard the security of power plants , continue to do a good job in the work of safety supervision and management of the dam , and the work of
it is reported that in connection with the new situation in power safety management , the cbrc will carry out a review of the " interim provisions on investigation of power production accidents " promulgated this year . at the same time , the relevant departments will also make a supplementary document on safety of the water power plant and the second system of power safety protection . this year , it will be successively issued .
the 2005 chinese national society 's electricity consumption will reach 246.89 billion kilowatt hours , up 13.45 percent over the previous year .
faced with the situation of power supply and demand , the situation of coal , electricity , and transport is still very unfavorable , and various power enterprises have taken effective measures to strengthen equipment management . last year , there were no major accidents in electricity production throughout the country .
the power grid accident has resulted in 74 accidents , a decrease of 127 , and 427 accidents involving equipment , a decrease of 132 .
south african ambassador to china said south africa does not exist any problems of organizing scaffolding to target chinese citizens ' criminal activities .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 13 th , by reporter jiangang wang and hao yalin , the charge d'affaires of the south african embassy in china , said in an exclusive interview with xinhua reporters on the 13th that south africa does not have any organization that does not target chinese citizens in any form .
he also said that south africa will do its best to strike all forms of criminal activities .
the government will continue to support the south african government in its efforts to fight crime , said nakonin , adding that the country hopes to see the crime rate fall to zero hour and that the lives and property of each south african foreigners working in south africa will be fully protected by the local laws and citizens .
since the beginning of 2006 , there have been four chinese citizens working in south africa , and the chinese world has expressed a wide range of concern .
china 's foreign ministry has already expressed its representations to south africa on this issue and reminded chinese citizens in south africa to further enhance their awareness of security and guard against it . overseas chinese are strengthening solidarity and friendship and cooperating with the police in cracking down on criminal activities .
the reason why we have sent us the most sincere sympathy and condolences to the families of victims is how to shed our hearts .
the government will continue to support the work of the government and the government , and will continue to support the work of the government of south africa , he said .
according to the chinese embassy in south africa , the south african police have successfully cracked the case on 5 february of the chinese fujian woman chen jianqing in south africa . a suspect has been arrested .
at present , the police are tracking down another suspect .
the report also said that the chinese government has decided to ban the sale of the hong kong businessman in january this year , and the money and property of the south african businessman was recovered .
in referring to the incident of chinese citizens being killed and the possible impact of the incident , nanning said that these incidents were indeed a great blow to trade between the two countries and exchanges in other fields . however , from a long - term perspective , the impact should not be wide - ranging .
according to the report of the south african embassy tourism commissioner , the embassy had only received a letter of apology from more than 2,000 chinese people during the first 15 days of this year .
the report also shows that the chinese government has made a total of 300,000 south african people living in africa in 2005 .
the volume of bilateral trade reached $ 72.27 - billion , up 23.2 percent over the previous year .
however , the travel industry believes that the 2004 annual series of chinese citizens ' killing incidents has had a negative impact on china 's tourism population to south africa .
according to a report by the south african tourism bureau , the number of chinese tourists to south africa in the first half of 2005 was 2031 , a decrease of 14.99 percent over the same period last year .
at present , the number of chinese living in south africa is about 200,000 , and the number of urban villages in south africa is only about 200,000 .
the analysts here believe that the gap between south africa 's social wealth and wealth , the high unemployment rate , the rampant guns , and the lack of a deterrent , thus the rate of crime is still high .
since many chinese do not understand english , they have a common sense of cash and are more prone to become targets of criminal elements ' financial attacks .
( hong kong , macau and taiwan ) hong kong promotes on - the - job english learning and training
xinhua news agency , hong kong , february 13 , a series of workshops in english will be launched by the hong kong special administrative region government on the 13th to raise the english standard of more working people .
this is the first time that the university has applied to the city 's teaching materials , such as teaching materials , teaching materials , and the teaching materials for the students .
as of now , the scheme has already provided nearly 250,000 people with the funding of the workplace english training courses , which has enabled them to achieve the relevant workplace english benchmarks .
issued at the opening ceremony of the english campaign of the university of hong kong in 2000 .
the number of people engaged in english movement is an important project for providing funding for workplace english training .
the scheme aims to help the government to use english in its work to help them to provide training and to participate in the specified international business english examination to meet the required professional english standard of the workplace english in their respective workplace .
the aids epidemic in hebei has been free of vulgar and vvoluntary
xinhua news agency , shijiazhuang , february 14 th , by reporter zhiyong dong
the " program " clearly states that the voluntary consultation and testing work of aids in hebei province : the hiv antibody testing and consultation system is free , the hiv antibody testing and consultation system is voluntary , the information agreement is informed , the testing and consultation on aids antibody , and the prevention of secrecy is not the right of the consulting . the hiv virus hiv carriers and aids patients are protected by the legal rights and interests of aids patients , providing relevant follow -
the " program " calls for the implementation of the aids consultation and examination points in the places where the convenience of the consulting persons is needed to protect the selfish interests of the consulting people , and to conduct one - to - one consultations .
the information provided by the consulting personnel should fully consider the personal quality , the responsibility , knowledge , and the ability to exchange information .
to protect the consulting 's privacy , the testing and testing pack can be used for registration of the code or number .
the " program " also calls on the health administration departments at and above the county level to make public the information on the implementation of the medical and health institutions that have provided free of charge for aids in the region and to provide consultation calls for the masses to understand the information .
the ministry of public security has issued a circular to extort confessions by torture .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 14 th , by reporter na meng na zheng , deputy director of the police inspector bureau of the ministry of public security , answered a foreign reporter 's question at a news conference held by the ministry of public security . he pointed out that the so - called " small - scale concentration " is not very suitable for the criminal suspect to admit his crime in china .
the inspectors ' work focus is also to prevent these problems from happening .
he also pointed out that some international organizations have expressed concern over the law enforcement situation of the chinese police .
the ministry of public security provided the latest information on 14 february , which shows that the ministry of public security issued the " provisional regulations on the implementation of leave - leaving measures for public security organs " in 2002 and 2004 , " the " regulations on the application of continuing interrogations by public security organs " , which has better guaranteed the application of the public security organs to the legal system .
in 1997 , to deeply promote the three tasks of management of the three things ( namely , the management of confession of confessions by torture , the elimination of compulsory measures for controlling guns and knives , and the force of police inspectors from public security organs nationwide insisted on going deep into the police force , the patrol teams , the traffic teams , and the public security supervision and management centers , and other grassroots units at the grassroots level to inspect the law enforcement scene , the law enforcement
to ensure the safety of law enforcement at source , the police inspectors further extension the procedures for law enforcement inspectors to investigate and prosecute cases of suspected cases of interrogation of 110 - epitomized uniformed police officers and robbers involved in security punishment and robbers and robbers ' information gathering and other law enforcement links .
( hong kong , macau and taiwan ) sun yunxuan died of illness in taipei
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 15 , taipei news agency : former president of the taiwan strait exchange foundation sun yunxuan has been appointed as a member of the executive yuan for his acute heart failure and bloody failure in the early morning of 15 february because of his acute respiratory syndrome .
sun yunxuan was born in 1913 and was born in the penglai in shandong , and the electrical engineering department of the harbin industrial university .
it is the 10 th - 13 th cpc central committee member , and the 11 th cpc central committee standing committee member and the 14th central committee appraisal committee member renzhi vi , chairman of the central committee 's appraisal committee , and member of the 15 th central committee 's appraisal committee .
zeng qinghong , former director of the department of transportation affairs under the taiwan authorities , and director of the executive yuan , was appointed as director of the executive yuan .
the heilongjiang province has promoted the improvement of the ecological environment of the songhua river and the evaluation and countermeasures
xinhua news agency , harbin , february 16 th , by reporter tao
reporter : from the heilongjiang environmental protection bureau , the state environmental protection administration has taken the lead in organizing the epitome of the songhua river pollution incident 's ecological environmental impact assessment and policy - related projects to be confined to 15 special topics , and the evaluation and evaluation of the emergency environment and the evaluation of the ecological effects of the epitome and the water body 's body 's water pollution control project , the integrated evaluation technology , which has been developed into five stages , and the specific
at present , the province has a total of 10 scientific research institutes in heilongjiang province , with more than 60 people undertaking 14 research projects .
according to presentations , the environmental protection department and relevant scientific research institutions will deal with the five special topics to evaluate and study the emergency environment and countermeasures for the emergency incidents , and strive to first resolve the environmental problems that the masses are urgently concerned about .
the two sides will mainly control the severity of the pollutants of the frozen surface and the total quantity of pollutants predicting the total quantity of pollutants that pollutants predict the safety of the water from the two sides of the river , the safety of underground water supply , the impact of the safety of the water supply safety safety safety water supply project of the city , the songhua river 's water emergency water supply plan for emergency water supply , and the
the heilongjiang provincial environmental protection department will also increase the number of environmental monitoring efforts along the songhua river , and seriously investigate and deal with the environmental incidents that cause serious pollution by illegal waste discharge and illegal construction .
the heilongjiang will send an environmental law enforcement personnel to supervise and guide various localities to carry out comprehensive improvement of the environment in the small river basin , improve the environment of the alashi river , the longyang river , and other tributaries .
the beijing university 's lingling hall held a mourning ceremony for wang xuan
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 15 ( reporter li jiangtao ) after a few days of intense arrangements , beijing university has set up a memorial hall for wang xuan , academician of the chinese academy of sciences , at 09:00 on the morning of 15 february . as of noon on the same day , several hundred people had come to the embassy to pay a mourning .
at 08:00 , the hall was open to the public . the outside room was closed for several dozen people .
reporter : in the hundred years of beijing university , the memorial hall of the centenary of the beijing university saw the red banners hanging on the walls of the hall , and the silk streamers were waving and mourning wang xizui .
the horizontal side is a dozen square meters of a huge piece of porcelain , and he is wearing a glasses , a smile , and a fine breeze .
the remains of the remains were placed on the two sides of the lake , and dozens of wreaths were placed on both sides .
the one in the flower circle , which wrote : the earth began in qin sheng 's brilliant chinese characters .
the museum is a great hall of the people to express its deep condolences and to the people .
the memorial service was attended by more than 100 leaders and teachers and students from beijing university , and the friends of wang xixin selected each of his colleagues , each named each other 's neighbors . many people who had never met him specially came .
they are not only the same , but also the same , the same , and the same , they are also the same .
many people have been unable to bear it .
zeng qinghong , director of the state cultural heritage bureau , was a north korean cultural expert .
the " master wang " selected academicians as " model managers " of our study .
the beijing university law school 's professor jin ruilin , and the other 400,000 - plus old fellow countrymen who had been named yang jingwei for more than 40 years .
former us president bush just left the hospital and today insisted on meeting with old friends .
kim , in his speech , said : " the chinese government has always attached great importance to the work of the government and people of all ethnic groups in the country . "
he told reporters that wang xuan 's life was very frugal and she lived in the tong fu garden . he was already a professor , and had already had a very high success , but he still was very small in a very small room .
later , he moved to the chengyuan , where he was a teacher in a place of 780 square meters .
the beijing university has given him a special opportunity to visit the chinese academy of sciences , a building of the academician 's house of representatives of more than 140 square meters . he does not want to provide high - level housing at the fangzheng building . he does not want to mention this .
kim , who is deeply concerned about the fact that wang chin - ch'ien provided very high treatment abroad during his overseas visit , but he resolutely sealed off .
the shock was first he insisted on applying for academicians .
let the money jin emoy deeply feel that wang xun is very interested in the attitude of fostering young people . he emphasized on many occasions that i still have any achievements , not just watching myself , but also relying on the cultivation of young people .
kim , who is also the president of the chinese people 's association for friendship with foreign countries , said that he had been paying attention to training young people in the past 50 years . he has always stressed that he would pave the way for the road , and would rather give the young people a way .
the reason why the kmt is very proud of a very high scientist is that it is not easy to figure it .
reporter : from the beijing university 's news center , from the morning of 15 february to the 12:00 noon on 19 february , the daily average of wang xuan to 1600 hours was open to the public . the mourning hall of wang xun was open to the public for the public to pay a mourning .
the " falungong " cult , which is known as the lyrics of contemporary times , is a member of the chinese academy of sciences , academician of the third world academy of sciences , wang yuzhi , a professor at beijing university , who is an academician of the third world academy of sciences , died at the age of 70 on 13 february because of illness .
( by reporter ) china 's npc and the chilean parliament have established a mechanism for exchanges
wu bangguo attends signing ceremony and also agreed to sign the agreement
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 15 ( reporter rong yan ) - - wu bangguo , chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress , attended a political dialogue meeting between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament at the great hall of the people on the afternoon of 15 february . he also signed the agreement .
china 's npc and the chilean parliament exchange mechanism have been established .
it is reported that the chilean senate speaker ronald roe and house speaker aseso of the chilean parliament have signed a memorandum of understanding on bilateral relations in santiago , the capital of chile .
according to the agreement , the two sides will , in accordance with the principles set in the sino - chilean communique on the establishment of political dialogue between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament , set up a dialogue committee , and take turns to hold meetings between the two countries at an unscheduled time to jointly promote the comprehensive development of bilateral relations .
chilean ambassador to china kalekrazi attended the signing ceremony .
china will introduce a new system for protecting the right to spread information networks
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 15 th , by reporter wei wei wei li
wang ziqiang said : in accordance with the existing law , newspapers and magazines have already published works , and so long as the authors do not make statements that can not be used in a single parcel , they can pay the remuneration without the consent of the author . the state copyright bureau has formulated a special standard for transmitting newspaper and periodical reports in accordance with the law .
however , according to existing laws , the contents of the newspaper and periodical publishing houses enjoy the legal license , and at present the internet does not enjoy the legal license right .
according to the decision made by the supreme people 's court , the system of issuing and transmitting newspapers and magazines with legal license can apply to the internet , that is , the short - term articles published on the internet , and the author does not make any statement without the license of the author , and the internet can not be used without going through the use of the documents , and at the same time , payment for remuneration .
however , due to the judicial interpretation of the provisions on the remuneration standards , the actual use of these works by the internet in the internet has not paid any remuneration .
the " regulations on the use of the internet " that have been published are applicable to the legal license , and also require the legal level to determine the nature of the paper .
wang ziqiang said : the truth about it is not a matter of fact that the clauses are included in the scope of the legal definition , and that , when the regulations on protection of the right to dissemination of information networks are promulgated this year ,
( international ) russia 's military says georgia 's parliament resolution will not affect russian peacekeeping operations
xinhua news agency , moscow , february 15 ( reporter song shiyi ) - - russian defense ministry news official shefov told the media on the 15th that the georgian parliament 's resolution on russian peacekeeping forces will not affect russian military peacekeeping operations in the near future . the russian military will continue to carry out peacekeeping missions in the south ossetia clan conflict region .
russia 's state duma ( lower house of the parliament ) cis chairman kokostin made a statement on the resolution of the georgian parliament on russian peacekeeping forces that day , pointing out that this resolution by georgia would undermine stability in the region and would have a negative impact on russian - georgian relations .
he stressed that georgia 's parliament resolution has made russia - georgia relations deteriorate again .
he held that geleg expressed its accusations against russia .
georgian parliament passed a resolution on the same day , demanding that russian peacekeeping forces stop their peacekeeping operations in the south ossetia , but it did not determine the specific deadline for russian peacekeeping troops to withdraw .
the georgian parliament accused the russian peacekeeping personnel of failing to fulfill their obligations stipulated by the regulations and took the actions taken by russia in the conflict as a reference to trying to swallow and georgia 's territory .
the georgian parliament demanded that the government take positive action to consider setting up a military base in the southern ossetia clash area to replace russia 's current peacekeeping operations in the region .
the georgian parliament also instructed the government to revise and determine the conditions for the russian peacekeeping personnel to enter the conflict region .
the south ossetia is a autonomous prefecture of georgia , and the two sides have a border with the republic of the republic of northern austria .
the former soviet union was founded on its own after the disintegration of the former soviet union , and was in a state of confrontation with the central government for a long time .
at present , russia has set up a number of 500 troops in the region .
this unit has been established in accordance with the 1992 russian renmibi verge of the north osaka funeral parlour agreement signed in four directions .
the source hospital of liaoyuan hospital will take responsibility for the case of the four persons responsible for the case of major responsibility .
xinhua news agency , changchun , february 16 th , by reporter li liquan zhou
the 2005 " shanghai five " exhibition in liaoyuan city 's largest hospital , was launched on 15 december 2005 , and the final cause of the fire was 39 .
in this struggle , the fire broke out in the area of over 5,000 square meters .
according to reports , this is the first time since the founding of new china that the medical and health system has been hit by a fire .
according to investigations , the us plane crashed into the sea at about 16:30 that day . according to the hospital 's circuit design , if the power supply is suspended , the electric gates will automatically jump to the deputy lock , and the hospital will continue to maintain normal power supply . however , the electrical gate was not automatically slushed . zhang diankun , the head of the power squad , was forced to send the fire to the scene under the condition of the
the then brake smoke was a mere trunk cables , a dozen or so grid cables , and like this , the cables should be very tidy up .
therefore , the 57 - year - old textile company of liaoyuan city , zhao yongchun , director of the electrical installation team of liaoyuan textile company , was a senior engineer ( senior engineer ) . sun fenglin returned to the employment of the staff members and workers of the xinyuan city center hospital after he retired from the hospital of liaoyuan city . the three people were also indicted for the crime of being suspected of causing a major accident .
china 's rural tourism industry is the first to travel in tianlong , tuen mun
xinhua news agency , guiyang , february 16 th , by reporter xinrong shi and jiabu wang from the guizhou provincial pingtan town of tianlong town , guanyang county , guizhou province , the grand children of the children wore festive festive mood and cheers on their faces .
at 10 : 30 in the morning , the five - gu annual activity ended . with a green and long - sleeved young , zheng peimin , the 80 - year - old old , sounded the first step of china 's rural tourism .
the tidal - up village of lung lung castle is a typical representative of the development of rural tourism in guizhou and a national village tourist demonstration site .
as a member of the ming dynasty flood - fighting military ,
here , the cadres and people who wear a broad - mindedness and a long - sleeved blue gourmet gowns , the ancient han culture and garments are preserved in the villages of tuen mun .
according to reports , tien lung village has relied on this cultural tradition and traditional advantage to develop rural cultural tourism starting from 2002 . the income of the peasants alone reached 3.8 - million yuan in 2005 , and more than 47,000 peasant households in the village participated in tourism , such as catering , catering , and transportation , selling commodity , and other tourism products . the per capita income of peasants has increased from more than 1,300 yuan in 2002 to 264 yuan in 2005 .
guiyang tourism administration deputy director yang shengming said that following the dayong castle first tour , the various functions of the newly - shaped rural tourism , which were confined to the newly - formed rural tourism , have remained the theme . various rural tourism activities in various parts of guizhou this year will reach 35 .
so far , guizhou has 130 enterprises , including the village , to carry out various village tourism projects . by 2005 , more than 600,000 rural households in the province have extricated themselves from poverty through developing tourism .
on january , 70 national cities ' housing prices rose 5.5 percent , shanghai 's real estate prices continued to slide .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 16 th , by reporter zheng liu , 70 provinces and municipalities in the country had a rise of 5.5 percent over the previous year , with an increase of 0.7 percentage points compared with the previous month .
shanghai real estate prices continue to slide .
the state development and reform commission has organized a series of data released on the 16 th by the national bureau of statistics , showing that the sales prices of most of the 70 large and medium - sized housing projects rose by a year - on - year rate of more than 10 percent in january , while the sales prices of shanghai housing continued to slide slightly , down by 0.04 percent compared with the same period last year .
in the same calendar , the total foreign trade volume of shanghai 's housing sales rose 19.1 percent in the first quarter of last year , and subsequently there was a turn for the better . in the second half of last year , the decline rate of decline was a slight decline .
this january , the trade union of 70 large and medium - sized cities increased 6.99 percent over the same period last year , and the increase rate fell 0.2 percentage points compared with the previous month .
the new commodity housing ratio was up by 25.6 percent in the same period compared with the same period last year . the huiqiu shaowei and xianwei 104.709 percent in shenzhen , 29.140 percent in chengdu , and the figure in shanghai dropped 3.1 percent compared with the same period last year .
the central organization department has required that the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres and cadres be further intensified .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 16 th , the central organization department recently issued a opinion on strengthening the work of cadre supervision .
the opinions urged all levels of organization departments to proceed from strict management and care for cadres , and to carry out cadre supervision throughout the process of cadre training , education , inspection , and evaluation , and selection and appointment of uniform management , and establish and perfect a supervisory mechanism that is effective in keeping with the law and strictly checking unhealthy practices in a timely manner , and earnestly strengthen supervision over the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres and cadres .
the opinions pointed out : the supervision of cadres in organization departments should , first , be responsible for the leadership groups and leading cadres . the focus should be on strengthening supervision over principal responsible persons of the leading bodies , and second , supervision over the work of selecting and appointing party and government leading cadres , and on grasping well the supervision and inspection of the implementation of the " regulations on the work of selecting and appointing party and government leading cadres " .
in the process of conducting supervision and inspection of the leading bodies and leading cadres , the opinions pointed out that we should unswervingly do a good job in education on ideals and convictions and in fighting corruption and promoting honest government , and that education should be carried out in the course of training , selecting , and supervising cadres , and guide and urge leading cadres to strengthen the cultivation of party spirit , uphold the party 's governance for the people , and build a strong ideological and moral defense line for resisting corruption and guarding against
right , we should not only carry out a series of important measures for honesty and self - discipline .
we should urge leading bodies at all levels to uphold democratic centralism , establish and perfect rules and procedures for decision - making , conscientiously implement the system of combining collective leadership with individual responsibility for division of work .
we should give prominence to the supervision and management of principal responsible persons of the leading bodies , and the responsible persons of the organization ( personnel ) departments should regularly talk with principal responsible persons of the lower level to find out about the situation of their ideological stress and work style .
the establishment and improvement of the day - to - day management and supervision system for leading cadres to regularly understand and analyze the ideological style of the leading cadres and put forward opinions and measures for solving problems .
the practice of leading cadres ' admonitory talk and letter - written system , and discovering symptoms of problems , promptly carry out admonitory talks or letters ,
right , the masses ' complaints about the outstanding problems of leading cadres should be seriously investigated and understood , and problems should be found . the problems should be criticized and educated or handled according to the relevant organizational conditions , and the organs in charge of discipline and law enforcement , which indeed did not have problems in the investigation , should be clarified in appropriate ways .
at the same time , we should combine strengthening supervision with encouraging cadres to boldly explore new ways and blaze new trails , and pay attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the opinions and demands that the organization ( personnel ) departments at all levels effectively strengthen supervision over the work of selecting and appointing party and government leading cadres .
further improve the system for recommending cadres to examine their performance and discuss the decision of holding the plenary session , and strictly implement the selection and appointment system , so as to lay a solid foundation for the political work to get close to the work of the masses of the hard - line people who have been trusted in the field of work style and the masses who have been promoted to leading posts at all levels .
we must strengthen supervision over the enforcement of the regulations on appointing cadres , and seriously investigate and deal with acts that violate the regulations on appointing cadres , and resolutely curb unhealthy trends and corrupt phenomena in personnel appointment .
the practice of a system of making personnel appointments and checking in violation of regulations , and the intensity of supervision and investigation .
the establishment and improvement of the cadre selection and appointment system , and the system of holding accountable responsibility for the work , and the principle of scientifically defining the principal responsibility of each link in the work of selecting and appointing cadres in accordance with the principle of having one 's power and responsibility , clarifying the method of holding accountable , and intensifying the investigation and prosecution .
we should give full play to the role of supervision by the masses , establish and perfect a mechanism for reporting crimes that can easily be easily easily attained through decoration and safe reporting .
give play to the role of supervision by public opinion , and report to the news media on the relevant situation of the work of selecting and appointing cadres and accept supervision by public opinion .
the opinions put forward the need to further improve the system for coordinating the work of cadre supervision .
the organization of people ( personnel ) departments should strengthen their contacts with discipline inspection organs , establish a system of responsibility for the work of improving the party style and building a clean and honest administration of discipline inspection organs in relevant cadres , and enhance their joint force in supervision .
in conjunction with the discipline inspection organs , they have conscientiously done a good job in inspection work , improved inspection methods , improved inspection tours , improved inspection tours , and improved inspection and inspection systems .
in coordination with auditing organs , they have conscientiously implemented the economic responsibility auditing system for leading cadres .
we should improve the system for selecting and appointing cadres in organization departments .
( hong kong , macau , taiwan ) taiwan authorities have taken the lead in using the illegal investment of the mainland as a top - level enterprise
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 16 th , by reporter jianxing chen
the taiwan " china times " reported that the incident was caused by chen shui - bian 's dishing up of his " management " and his effective opening up of cross - strait economic and trade policy . the taiwan authorities ' first instance of punishment for taiwan businessmen 's investment in the mainland .
according to reports , the taiwan imperial economic college will stage a trial of strength among the audience , saying that the joint power penalty was a violation of the regulations governing the relations between the people on both sides of the strait and a valve under the permission of the mainland region to engage in investment or technological cooperation in the mainland region .
the future development of the lump examination will depend on the situation to test the former chairman of the united power company , cao xingcheng and others .
the " liuyi " case started in 2005 .
the then president of the united microelectronics company , tsao xingcheng , then openly said that the united telecommunications corporation did not violate any provisions of the taiwan authorities , and that the united telecommunications company provided assistance to taiwan with science and technology is for the long - term interests of joint telecommunications . if the united telecommunications corporation does not enter the mainland market as soon as possible , it will lose business opportunities .
after that , the taiwan authorities ' financial supervisory and management commission openly violated relevant commercial information and issued a circular to the united microelectronics corporation to impose a fine of nt $ 3 - million .
the 2006 - 07 " 2000 joint statement " was signed by the joint - venture company board of directors in beijing . cao xingcheng was arrested for suspected illegal investment in the mainland for several hours .
the joint electricity supply agreement with taiwan 's chung circuit company ( hereinafter abbreviated with the rotary electric appliances and called the two - dimensional blunder of taiwan 's chips is the leading island 's high - tech enterprises .
the taiwan authorities have been trying to link up with a series of actions in the past year , which have been highly concerned by all circles on the island .
( hong kong , macau and taiwan ) my second term of co - operation in my heart
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 17 th , by reporter kun li
this is a piece of essay contest jointly organized by the macao foundation and the hundred flowers publishing house , " the outpour of the pages , " and chen jiangong , vice chairman of the chinese writers association .
the 2004 annual meeting of the macao sar government was held in beijing .
macao foundation chief executive wu zhiliang of the macao foundation said at a news conference on the 17th that last year , the jingji city of fuyang city was listed as a world cultural heritage list . this not only means that the living style and community management model of macao people have been affirmed by the world , but it also means that the chinese nation 's orchestra and orous cultural tradition of friendship and fraternity have been passed on and developed in the macao special administrative region .
wu zhiliang said : it is precisely under such a good cultural atmosphere that the macao foundation and the hundred flowers publishing house " distributed articles in the sea " to decide to once again cooperate and hold a second clay of the macao culture in my heart of the second clappellant , hoping that the participants will display their patriotic and australian sentiments , display macao 's unique and ardent culture and amiable cultural integrity , and the sar 's peace and prosperity , and prosperity , to further foster
according to presentations , the competition was held on 1 september this year . the " outpour of the pages " will open a column to select the entries .
6 . a summary of the results of the selection will be published in the macao sar in early 2007 .
the successful implementation of the biomass system in shandong
xinhua news agency , jinan , february 17 th , by reporter yuqing shen and yao qin shen
reporter : on the 17th , the chinese ministry of health said in a paralympic monitoring room that the baby was full of face and red - hearted , all monitoring and inspection indicators were normal , and the operation was in a smooth and dangerous period .
according to the report of the patient that day , the patient , who came from taian village in shandong , was sent to the hospital by his parents , was all of green purple , breathing difficulties , and was diagnosed and diagnosed as a highly osphoric disease , had to be transplanted in the heart .
the heart transplant operation is a heart surgery , the most difficult one , the most complicated one .
in particular , the number of babies under one year 's age has been transplant , and the number of babies still in the country is still in the doldrums .
jinan military region has a long history of blood disease research and has organized experts to repeatedly verify the case , carefully designed a surgery and a later - care plan , and made independent innovations in the method of blood - pipe - pipe - related methods , and conducted animal experiments .
the 2005 " shanghai five " summit will be held at 08:00 on 28 december 2005 .
the supply of heart is from a person who has been killed by preemptive lung .
the surgery is in line with the six blood tubes , with more than 510 injections , and each needle is less than three millimeters .
the 295 - minute operation was successful .
the state security bureau : the measures to curb coal mine accidents and other serious accidents have been mostly done in the main tasks of this year
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 17 th , by reporter zheng liu zheng
reporter : from the national security supervision and management bureau on 17 july , we have learned that in order to effectively curb the excessive occurrence of such major accidents as coal mines , coal mines are also the most important task .
this year , the coal mine safety supervision and administration of safety will grasp the following three things :
the water level continues to be good .
vajpayee will be able to collect water first and then turn it into a prominent position .
if the high - tech mine is not implemented , it will be disposed of and discarded . it will be ordered to immediately stop production according to law .
the water level continues to be improved
we should regard the work of reporting the 5243 public notice to society , and the recent reports of more than 700 coal mine pits from various localities that have been reported to have been closed down to the truth .
we should regard closing down as a regular work , and constantly close down those enterprises that undermine resources and pollutants ' environment and do not possess safety conditions .
the water level of the mountain
we must immediately correct the phenomenon of spreading rumors to stop a few large state - owned mining enterprises from sliding downstream management and to guide the management of small mines that are chaotic .
in particular , we should pay attention to key state - owned coal mines , and absolutely not allow superficial scales to produce super - capacity coal production .
this year 's production safety control indices require that all kinds of accidents in the country drop by 3-3 percent compared with last year , including a decrease of 3.5percent in coal mines .
a joint military exercise involving more than 10 people was held in the southern province of beijing , where the number of accidents was more than 50 percent .
these control indices have already been issued to the provincial - level people 's governments , and various localities are implementing the policies at the grassroots and enterprise levels at various levels .
the statistics show that in 2005 , the number of coal mine accidents nationwide was 5986 , a decrease of 0.79 percent over the previous year .
however , one incident of 10 people killed or more was on the rise , and the number of victims rose 66.6 percent over the same period last year .
( international ) barros calls for all parties to play a constructive role in kosovo 's future status talks
xinhua news agency , belgrade , february 17 ( reporter he yi ) - - - pristina , the european commission ( ec ) chairman , met with visiting chinese foreign minister li zhaoxing in the capital of kosovo on the 17th . he said he hoped that the parties concerned would make good compromise in the process of the negotiations on kosovo 's future status , and work for the final establishment of a kosovo with democratic and multi - ethnic integration .
the president said that the two countries have a long history of friendly cooperation and that the two countries have a long history of friendly cooperation .
he also stressed that the european commission would do its best to help kosovo develop .
the president said that the kosovo issue is a very important issue in the process of kosovo 's implementation of the eight criteria set forth by the united nations .
he held that these standards are not only the most important factor affecting the integration of kosovo and europe .
he also called on all the nato countries in kosovo to join the organization of kosovo , so as to achieve democracy and multi - ethnic integration in kosovo .
the president said that he was very pleased to meet with president jiang zemin and his party .
earlier , president barroso had visited croatia and serbia and montenegro . he will also visit macedonia 's liverpool and bosnia - herzegovina .
( winter olympics ) .
xinhua news agency , duling , february 17 th , the press analysis said that the decision to send the lianga incident may be uncertain .
xinhua news agency , gao peng ,
although italy 's repeated orders have said that the dutch winter olympics will be chased for use during the winter olympics , the athletes may face a hell battle , but the current situation is very good .
the duan winter olympic games exploded on the 16th .
the following day , the international olympic committee announced that it had sent the lips out of the winter olympics . she had won the winter medal at the current winter olympics for 15 kilometers of the women 's bronze medal .
the international winter season for the two - day world winter league made a decision on sending the two - year ban on the same day .
the chinese government has always stipulated that athletes must be the first to be used for the olympic games , and the results will be dismantled and the qualification for the games will be deprived of the right to participate , but they will not be subject to legal sanctions .
however , the united states has to carry and use the doping agents in accordance with italian law , and the judicial organs have the right to directly arrest and investigate the athletes who use stimulants , and those who try to commit the crimes are still facing three months to three years of imprisonment .
last december , the ioc and the italian government signed a memorandum of understanding on the protection of intellectual property rights after a year of hard work . the two sides agreed to follow the italian law during the winter olympics to deal with the olympic games using stimulants .
after the ioc 's unremitting efforts , italy has made a great deal of preparations for the opening of the winter olympics , pledging that the police will not enter the olympic village to search the athletes ' place during the winter olympics . however , drug - taking athletes will still accept investigation by italian prosecutors .
some reports said that italy has overlooked the winter olympics in turin .
however , the ioc and peter pisanter have not confirmed the case .
russia 's winter season for the two teams is codenamed " the world cup " and the " kitty hawk " has left the city at noon on the 17th .
zeng qinghong , who once worked in the world anti - doping agency for many years , believes that once the orphans were sent to china , the matter could eventually be completely uncovered .
shi kang cheng said : the ioc and the italian government have made positive efforts in the winter olympics to combat stimulants . they have never completely resolved the problem . even if italian procuratorial organs really intervene in this matter , it is hard to say that the result is that .
according to the previous italian policy on the use of stimulants to athletes , the number of people who banned the ban has been the most severe punishment is only two years of prison terms and implementation of bumps .
therefore , italy 's anta social security bureau senior reporter , pierre , said that the possibility of sending the lia into prison was very poor , and the top was a fine .
pierre also said that although italy 's court could make a debut trial , the italian police could not possibly send a lenient to a foreign country to serve their sentence .
if the lenient refusal to accept the verdict , the italian side will not have any alternative .
the comprehensive news : the new epidemic site continues to emerge in the countries around the world to strictly prevent fan
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 18 th , by xinhua news agency 's reporters stationed abroad , the bird flu has further spread on the african continent .
the world health organization confirmed on the 17th that three regions in egypt have found bird flu - related deaths .
in europe , france also has for the first time discovered five types of bird flu virus , european apogee africa is highly vigilant , and measures for epidemic prevention have been strengthened .
the who 's east mediterranean region adviser , hassanal , said to the media in egypt on the 17th that the bird flu virus has spread in cairo in central egypt and the three southern minya region of minya has already found dead birds infected with the 531 bird flu virus . the relevant egyptian government departments have started to slaughter poultry suspected of bird flu .
experts pointed out that egypt is a good friend of the migratory migratory birds in the middle east and north africa . the migratory birds are very likely to bring the bird flu virus into the country .
egypt has announced that it will ban live poultry imports from abroad and strengthen border control points .
the cameroonian capital of yaounde was hit by a bird flu virus in the past week .
the cameroonian government has decided to suspend the import of live poultry from nigeria , where bird flu outbreak occurs , and suspend all market activities on the two countries ' borders .
khartoum is still working on a large - scale development of the epidemic , which covers the entire region within a short period of time . the country 's basedad center and national veterinary laboratory are also in an emergency state of emergency order to carry out laboratory tests on the 531 - type virus at any time .
in europe , denmark and sweden have signed a preliminary ban on the epidemic .
the swedish veterinary institute released a report on the results of the tests of the dead swan found on wednesday , indicating that swedish geese geese had no bird flu virus .
denmark 's national veterinary administration has confirmed that the bird flu virus has been found in the territory of denmark , which has not been infected with the bird flu virus .
however , the agricultural department said denmark could not lower its guard .
the economic growth rate in the eu has been around 1 percent in the world , with the country 's total population of about 1 million , the world health organization ( who ) experts said in the bucharest on the 17th .
in asia , bangladesh , the government has taken all necessary measures to prevent the bird flu .
the government will provide a comprehensive range of services to relevant officials to prevent avian influenza and will also organize poultry farmers to carry out training .
( newspaper selection and distribution ) china 's first joint venture for blood information management system in zhejiang
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 18 th , by the blood center of zhejiang province , china 's first joint - sharing network system for blood information data management has been formally established and put into use at the center recently .
the blood center of zhejiang province said that this means that any citizen will be able to live in any county ( city jiaodian district ) in zhejiang province in the future without compensation by blood donating blood , and there will be a single - handedly decoded coding record . when he donates blood again , he will only be able to collect relevant coding , personal information , the blood - shaking period of the blood - donated blood record of his own personal information ,
this spokesman pointed out further that the united states will not be able to provide information on the loss of blood and blood by importing relevant code records .
this is not only a way to protect the right of the donors themselves , but also a more effective way to protect the health and safety of the blood users .
in addition , when the blood supply is tense , the donors and their relatives have the right to give priority to blood use , so long as you input the effective certificates of the donor , you can immediately show the information of the donor , which is quite convenient .
according to a report by hangzhou 's " morning post " today , the current information system has been in operation in all 36 blood - receiving organizations in the province . the blood resources of all blood - supplied organs in the province can also be real - time , and the data of the province can be shared .
to prevent the recurrence of landslide slide in the philippines , 11 villages in the philippines have been evacuated .
xinhua news agency , manila , february 18 , philippine local officials said on the 18th that in order to prevent a similar landslide incident in the eastern philippines , 11 villages in the philippines have been evacuated as an emergency move to prevent the recurrence of similar landslide incidents .
the south lesotho official , lisa lisa , said on the same day that the markings between these villages and the 17th landslide in the same region are similar .
the withdrawal from the 11 villages is a new round of resettlement in the seven evacuation centers .
laiyais said : the government yesterday ordered residents to leave the city . today , the government sent people to inspect the villages , because some people do not want to leave their homes .
on the 17th , the mountain slide incident occurred in the southern part of saint sohn , a village relying on mountain , and the television footage showed that the mud and stone pieces had buried the entire village , and only they could see several roofs .
since the mud is very thick and humidity , the water is buried below the soil .
at present , there are 109 deaths , and another 57 people have been rescued .
according to estimates , the accident caused a total of 35,000 people , or 35,000 people .
( overseas chinese )
xinhua news agency , fuzhou , february 19 th , by reporter yuyu guo guo
according to statistics of the customs , the total export volume of quanzhou reached 330 - million us dollars in january , the best record in history , 35.2 percent more than the average growth level of the province .
according to the report by the quanzhou city foreign economic bureau , the reason why quanzhou 's foreign trade in january could grow at a high speed was mainly due to the role of several foreign trade support service measures in quanzhou , the enthusiasm of enterprise exports was high , the operation of quanzhou economy was brisk , enterprise management confidence was strengthened , and the environment for the development of foreign trade was highly efficient and unimpeded .
