the cause of death of the concubine was stolen from two mobile computers in wanda .
london , june 6 , 2007
london daily express points out that two sets of tablets bearing the name of princess diana died in paris in 1997 were delivered by former metropolitan police chief .
the report said that the theft had triggered speculation that the computer might have hidden a computer from the former metropolitan police chief , sir ston , to the rank of the former metropolitan police officer .
however , a metropolitan police spokesman said that the computer did not have any sensitive information or contact the relevant information .
sir stephen smith is a senior member of the british police station in northwestern , and his office is located in the area of tai enhe .
the report said that the northwestern police agency had been working in the past 10 days to investigate two theft cases .
a case of the explosion occurred on the weekend from january 28 to 29 , including computers and cash , and the second one occurred last week without any loss .
the norsamara police agency also said there was no evidence showing that the two cases and sir stenton 's work were related .
shi tiesheng has been investigating the princess of wers , and the cause of death is not direct cause of the car accident .
the royal coroner , bristol , ordered the investigation of the evidence in 2004 .
princess diana , who died in a paris tunnel accident on august 31 , 1997 , was killed and injured with her at that time .
after two years of investigation , the french police believed that the cause of the drug was the result of the driver 's drink driving and taking the medicine , which led to the car 's loss of control and led to a tragedy .
the sri lankan war has agreed to hold talks in geneva in late may
afp , lun , 7 th .
the peace process in norway , which is the first to be held in geneva , switzerland , has been resolved by the sri lankan war groups in the past decades , the norwegian government said .
norway 's peace envoy solham said in a meeting with the tiger organization of the liberation of tanzania in london that he was given the breakthrough .
the norwegian embassy in beijing said in a statement that the two sides involved in the conflicts in sri lanka , which is the " peace mission " between the sri lankan government and tanzania 's liberation tigers , demanding that the norwegian government assist in the two - day talks in geneva on february 22 .
the two - day talks will focus on how to strengthen the cease - fire agreement , which came into effect on 23 february 2002 , and this agreement has not been fully observed by both sides .
the norwegian embassy said that the two sides will discuss how to improve the implementation of the cease - fire agreement , which is the first face - to - face talks between the two sides at such a high level in the past three years .
solham said he would lead a norwegian team to participate in the negotiations , and the four representatives of the tamil tigers , who were liberated in tanino , will lead the team , and the sri lankan government will be led by health minister .
he said : this is the road leading to peace , but it is an important step . the process of negotiations is expected to be difficult .
the former prime minister of sri lanka , who was in charge of the settlement of the racial conflict , was held in japan in march 2003 , but the tamil tiger organization of the liberation of tamil ilinam had cancelled the original seventh round of talks to be held in thailand in april 2003 .
the opening of the du lin winter olympics is a joint admission to both south and north korean team .
italy , march 10 , 2007 ( afp )
the 20th winter olympics opened today in dulin , and the cold war era was the first to be seen by the two koreas and north korea .
south korean women 's speed skating player lee po - la and the north korean man - style skating player han zheng - ren were the heads of the two national team and led the south korean team to enter the winter olympic games sport .
this is the first time that the south korean olympic team and north korea 's olympic team will join hands in the winter olympics .
to reflect the latest developments in the bilateral unity of the two sides over the past few years , the sydney olympics in 2000 and the athens olympics in 2004 have been held together with the representatives of south korea and north korea .
north korea has not participated in any meeting of the 19th winter olympics in the us city of saline .
the korean peninsula was split into a south korean and communist north korean peninsula that practiced capitalism in 1948 . the two sides held a meeting of hostility during the korean war from 1950 to 1953 .
south korea 's leader kim kye - kwan held a peace summit in 2000 , and bilateral relations turned better .
the greek team is the first country to enter the competition , and the team is among the 80 countries , south korea is the 22 nd runner - up of north korea .
the great cause of the landlord national team is the last one of the countries to take part in the game , and the sport scene immediately sounded warm cheers and applause .
hofman had been indulging in drugs and was fortunate to have realized the importance of creating a performing arts in a timely manner .
new york , march 16 , 2007 ( afp )
the most popular option is to win the osaka film festival this year , the sunny doom : the cold blood has been lost by the main character of the boys , the milwsman , who revealed that he had been indulging in drugs and wine when he was young .
in an interview with cbs news magazine , hovman said that he was very happy to see the drug and liquor during that period .
he only took the floor 20 times , and just graduated from the new york university drama department , and entered a five - color society . every day he walked fast and rotated , and finally turned into his head - on and lost control .
he was in the age of 22 . he was alive and alcohol alcohol and drug . that was the most panic of his life .
the upcoming meeting of osaka prize presentation ceremony will be held next month , hofman interpreted the role of american writer koboo as the emperor . the shadow of the cold blood was seen as the most hopeful to win the best male prize .
before that , his superb performance had long been confirmed and had won many awards . including a team of gold medals , the best actor .
the 38 - year - old actor said in the interview that if he did not make a resolute decision before he became famous , he might not be able to get the nomination of osaka .
he said he envied with those young people who suddenly became famous in the name of numerous gold .
the four - week - old man who has been found dead in europe and libya is panic .
brussels , 16 , 2007 ( afp )
the virus of avian influenza has been found in europe , causing anxiety .
eu commission approves new buffer zone to control virus countries
the african country 's sanganche virus was detected in nigeria after the eighth day of discovery of the deadly h5ar1 virus , which has been increasing to more chicken farms . signs show that the country in the north has already crossed the border into niger .
egyptian officials are investigating a chicken farm in the southern region of the country where chickens were killed collectively , worrying that the virus might continue to spread .
the market for chicken in europe has been affected by the virus incident , and a big slide , the eu commission stressed that there is no reason to panic .
the executive committee is responsible for the health and food safety executive committee , said prueher , who is also a member of the executive committee , that people are concerned about the matter , but he does not need to react too much .
following the discovery of the three - kilometer area surrounding the virus as stipulated earlier , the eu executive committee has also issued new regulations to extend the entire european area where the virus is found to be the wet buffer zone .
a us soldier who was unwilling to be named pointed out that everyone was very nervous and they were handling the issue of food from all over europe one day and evening to suspect the outbreak .
the european region has so far received a total of austria 's upper border pole , which is the most popular among the countries in the world , and the territory of russia in europe .
romania found the 31 st case on the 16 th , with the single austrian government and the ruud island of germany , new cases were found on the slovenia .
italy 's southern part was the only one found on two ducks and was the first norovian geese in europe , with the gastroga virus .
eu officials are most concerned about the return of the migratory birds from africa .
the government of nigeria and the republic of nigeria are stepping up their efforts to prevent the spread of viruses on the african continent .
the government of the country announced that all poultry farms in the area near the infected farm will be closed to all poultry without any threat .
the government of neighboring countries , niger , announced the country 's entry into the alert status , and allocated 4 million us dollars of emergency plan to monitor the border with nigeria .
the newly established national emergency committee said that they received notification that the two countries had no choice but to sign up on the border of the two countries ' alignment of the border , with nearly 400 birds .
the new regulations for the management of china 's electronic banking business will come into effect on 1 march .
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has made a series of measures to improve the banking system and to improve the quality of the banking sector , according to a report issued by the china banking regulatory commission ( cbrc ) .
a spokesman for the cbrc said : according to the provisions of the management measures , the relevant examination and approval methods of foreign - funded financial institutions basically remain unchanged , that is , after foreign banks are allowed to open on - line banking business , if they need to add new types of internet banking business , they should be reported and examined by the main report of the branch within china .
to regulate the use of the internet by commercial banks to carry out banking business , the people 's bank of china promulgated the " interim procedures on the management of internet banking business " in june 2001 .
a spokesman for the cbrc said that as commercial banks ' electronic banking business continues to develop , the interim procedures are no longer able to meet the requirements of monitoring and controlling risks in e - banking , the cbrc has drawn up two new regulations for this purpose .
according to a spokesman for the cbrc , the cbrc has adopted a policy of confirming the quality of the safe evaluation organizations , and is not an administrative license for the industry or enterprise entry , nor is it a necessary condition for the evaluation institution to develop the electronic banking safety assessment business . it is only a reference for the financial institution to choose the assessment body .
as long as the safety assessment institution meets the relevant conditions and requirements , even if it does not have the qualifications to be confirmed by the cbrc , the financial institution may employ it to carry out an electronic banking safety evaluation , but it should be managed according to the relevant regulations .
the " procedures for managing the business of electronic banking " consists of nine chapters and 99 articles , which are divided into three parts : total applications and change of the risk management , data exchange and transfer management , and transborder management business activities , supervisory legal responsibilities and surcharges of nine parts .
the " guidance on the assessment of the safety of e - banking " consists of five chapters and 57 articles , and it is divided into the general assessment body 's safety assessment and the implementation of the control and surgical surgery assessment activities .
" mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , deng xiaoping , chen yun , " published
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the " selected works of mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , deng xiaoping , and chen yun " published by the central party literature research center recently was published and distributed by the central party literature publishing house .
they should conduct in - depth investigations and studies in the light of reality , persist in integrating theory with practice , and formulate and implement correct lines , principles , and policies in this way is the basic experience and basic work method of the cpc in leading revolution .
mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , deng xiaoping , and other revolutionaries of the older generation , had made a lot of important and brilliant comments on the investigation and research issue . they also often went to the grass - roots level to conduct social surveys and wrote many investigation reports .
the practice and results of their investigation and study are of great significance to guiding the cause of the party and the people in the correct path .
" mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , deng xiaoping , chen yun , " carried out three parts : the first part was mao zedong and other older generation revolutionaries ' theses on investigation and study , and the second part was mao zedong and other older generation revolutionaries ' biographies on investigation and study , and the third part was the three investigation teams and study group selected by mao zedong in the early 1960 s and the other selected by mao zedong .
most of these surveys were published for the first time .
in addition , there are two reports on the central leaders ' survey and research in the 1950 s and 1960 s .
russia reiterates adherence to the one - china policy
moscow , february 6 ( xinhua ) russian deputy foreign minister alexander alexeyev said here today that russia adheres to the one - china stance .
alekseyev said that russia has taken note of chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence .
the russian government has consistently adhered to the one - china principle and firmly supported china 's efforts to realize the great cause of national reunification .
last year , the chinese npc adopted the anti - secession law , which was the first to publicly express support .
alekseyev said that the russian foreign ministry will issue a statement as soon as possible to reiterate the one - china stance and oppose taiwan independence .
china , us to hold third chinese compatriot in south africa
xinhua news agency , johannesburg , february 6 ( reporter chen ming ) - lin yixing , a chinese fujian fellow countryman , was found dead in a bar of his restaurant in south africa on the morning of 5 february local time . on the morning of the 6th , he died after treatment at the burundian hospital in south africa 's judicial capital , burundi , after an inquisable hospital .
according to the head of the liberal state association of chinese people , feng yang , the incident occurred at the wellington city of welkam over 130 kilometers northwest of burundi .
at that time , the owner of the store , lin yixing , picked up the goods inside the bar station and prepared to end the day 's business .
there were three customers in the shop , one of them pulled out of the handgun and rushed into the bar tower to carry out robbery .
lin yixing , over 40 , fought with the ruffians . the ruffians fired a shot at lin yixing , and fled later .
the local people who heard the news sent lin yixing to the hospital for medical treatment . because lin yixing 's body had all - enveloped blood seepage , blood spikes , blood stained from the whole body of mao yixing died at around 3 : 30 am on february 6 .
on 6 february , the chinese consulate general in banco hsu - miu , as well as vice president of the association of south africa 's china fujian fellow association lin changming , drove to burundi to help the family members of the deceased handle the aftermath of the incident .
lin yixing became a member of the criminal gang who was killed by the kidnappers within 36 hours , and at the same time , was the fourth chinese who died in south africa this year .
( newspaper clippings ) shanghai : part - time staff and college graduates become the main force in hours of work
beijing , february 7 ( xinhua ) the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau released the latest figures on industrial wages in 2006 , which reached 120 .
according to a relevant expert of the shanghai labor and social security bureau , currently shanghai 's hour workers have already exceeded one million people .
according to a report by the china youth daily , college graduates and part - time personnel are the major component of the workforce of the hour .
through the investigation of nearly 8,000 hours of work , more than half of the staff are part - time workers , and their proportion is 51.111 percent .
the cultural level of part - time workers is generally higher , and they mainly engage in relatively technical work , such as translation jobs , the proportion of part - time staff is as high as 81.79 percent , and the number of fitness personnel is 61.66 percent .
high income is the result of many people who have worked concurrently for hours .
it is learned that the monthly income of individual posts can reach tens of thousands of yuan , and it is hard to expect that the monthly income of the hours ' jobs can reach more than 2,000 yuan , such as those in the same positions of the financial married coupons , etc.
and satisfy the desire of individuals to expand their knowledge is also a place that attracts attention from both jobs and jobs .
for instance , when a company is a manager of the department of human resources , mr. gu will take a few hours a week to handle the financial account of a foreign company .
mr koo considered that the greatest benefit from his part was to keep his knowledge on a new level and to have opportunities to involve another area . of course , the income of $ 2,000 per month also has some attraction .
as some of the jobs for the hours are low , the forms of employment are flexible and free , and they are gradually being favored by many graduates who are seeking employment . in the hours of work , 14-3 percent of the graduates are graduates from colleges and universities .
at the beginning i did n't want to do an hour work , but after i finished a few months , i felt it was better than the fifth day of the ninth dynasty .
after graduating from junior college , the job that i found was not as good as expected . finally , i hung my name at a guesthouse and used the piano to play the background music .
but i am very satisfied with the work now , and i have a good environment at one hour , 100 yuan , and i am now looking for several hours of work .
it is learned that the work hours have already become a part of the accumulation of work experience accumulated by some graduates who are seeking jobs , and the key means of improving communication skills in the society .
when the graduates do an hour - long job , they are concentrated in a relatively strong knowledge and technical position , such as a relatively strong translation post , a strong sense of age , and a strong performing arts rank of 22.1 % and 26.88 % respectively .
the job - related skills required for some hours of work are not high , such as the food promoter and the driver of the garbage , etc. , and the unemployed can take up employment through simple training .
the statistics showed that the number of unemployed workers in the hour was 399.0 percent , of whom the proportion of the unemployed in the retail category was as high as 68.44 percent , and the proportion of the catering and catering industries was 58.79 percent . the number of hours of work became an important channel for the employment of the unemployed .
wu bangguo inspects anhui province
beijing , february 8 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has made great efforts to promote the development of the friendly and cooperative relationship between the two countries , and to promote the development of the two countries , said wu bangguo , member of the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc )
from 6 to 8 february , wu bangguo visited maanshan mountain , wuxi , wuxi , and other places , and went deep into enterprises to inspect the rural research institutes and colleges .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui has the advantages of linking the eastern region with the southern region of chixi , and linking the north with the west . it is an important agricultural area in china . it has rich natural resources , a relatively sound industrial foundation , a relatively strong scientific and technological force , and a rich cultural and tourist resources .
anhui should firmly seize the important opportunity of promoting the rise of central china , always adhere to the central task of economic construction , and conscientiously implement the central authorities ' principles and policies in close connection with anhui 's actual conditions , creatively carry out the scientific development concept in concrete measures , and implement it in practical work .
we should promptly sum up practical experience , fully rely on the masses , vigorously support reform and innovation , and continuously open up a new situation in anhui 's work .
we should actively promote the construction of a harmonious society , persist in maintaining the prosperity of the broadest masses of the people as the starting point and the end - result of all our work , actively create conditions , and gradually resolve the practical problems of the needy , gradually change the dual urban - rural structure , gradually narrow the gap between urban and rural areas , safeguard and realize social fairness and justice , and enable all the people to share the fruits of reform and development .
wu bangguo stressed : china has reached the stage where it must rely more on strengthening its ability to independently innovate and improve the quality of the laborers to promote economic and social development . only by vigorously promoting scientific and technological progress and innovation can it achieve a leap in the quality of productive forces and promote economic and social development to the orbit of scientific development .
we should establish and improve as soon as possible the system and mechanism that are conducive to innovation , increase scientific and technological input , encourage patent invention , develop famous brands , speed up the transformation of scientific and technological achievements into practical productive forces , strengthen enterprises ' status as the main body in independent innovation , and continuously increase the contribution rate of scientific and technological progress to economic growth .
we should support and encourage the participation of key technological elements in distribution , and establish and improve a statistical system that shows the ability to independently innovate . we should study and formulate policies for supporting independent innovation in finance and government procurement , and form a policy system that encourages independent innovation .
we should cultivate a sense of innovation in the entire society , vigorously advocate the spirit of daring to innovate and to be bold in competition , and strive to create a good atmosphere in which people of talent come forth in large numbers .
wu bangguo pointed out : the npc has played a vital role in the process of administering the country according to law and building a socialist country ruled by law .
to do a good job in the work of people 's congresses under the new situation , first , we should uphold the correct political direction , unswervingly follow the path of socialist political development with chinese characteristics , and organically integrate upholding the party 's leadership with the state power and the rule of law .
second , we should closely focus on the overall situation of the work of the party and the state , closely focus on major issues in reform , development , and stability , and work closely around hot and difficult issues that are of universal concern to the masses of the people , and continuously enhance the practical results of the work of the people 's congresses .
third , we should give play to the characteristics and advantages of the work of the people 's congresses , uphold democratic centralism , act according to procedures , and decide issues collectively .
we should adhere to the mass line , be people - centered , use power for the people , be concerned with the people , and work for the people .
china proposes a major scientific research plan for the next 15 years .
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has made great efforts to enhance china 's international competitiveness , promote sustainable development and achieve key leaps , according to the " medium @ - and long - term plan for national development ( 2006 - 2020 ) " promulgated by the state council on 9 february , and has made plans for four major scientific research projects .
the four major scientific plans are the research of protein , the control and control research of the pulmonary , and the research on the development and reproduction of the rice .
the program points out that protein science is the life science that developed countries are currently facing intense contention .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on studying the conversion of important biological systems , learning the trend of the protein , and developing the arid and thermal arid substance in the arid arid , and the interactive , biology and biological and system , protein research methods , and relevant application basic research .
the outline also holds that the study of regulation and control by the quanzi is of a clear and forward - looking nature , and may produce an inestimable impact on the social and economic development of mankind from 20 to 30 years .
china should focus on the research of the carrier of quantum communications and the principles and methods for regulation and control , calculating the measurement , the new quantitative effect of the restricted small - scales system , new principles and new technological foundation for measurement and regulation .
in addition , the outline points out that nano technology has become a strategic choice of many countries in raising their core competitiveness and is also one of the areas that china can achieve leapfrog development .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on the research in this field , including the control of nanotechnology materials , the manufacture and manufacture of the single - handed arteries and functional , the study of the nasal arsenal 's biomedicine , the levy and the quantity of the namometer , and the application of the nanometer material technology , the technology of nanometer , the energy resources , and the technology of nanometer , in the
china 's population growth is large , birth defects are numerous , and transplant organs are seriously short , and the peak of aging is approaching . therefore , it is urgently necessary to make breakthroughs in the scientific theory of reproductive and development .
according to the program , china will focus on studying the feasibility of increasing the arid cells and control the cells of the born cells , and the maturity and the reactive function of the human body , as well as the mechanism of a degeneration of chronic diseases , and the safety and ethics of the cells technology .
last year , the housing price increase in shanghai dropped by nearly 7 percentage points .
shanghai , february 9 ( xinhua ) the shanghai municipal government has approved the sales of real estate industry in 2005 , which has achieved remarkable results in shanghai .
according to the latest data , last year , the various indexes of shanghai real estate industry were all relatively declining or slowing down .
of the total , the price of residential goods dropped 6.6 percentage points from the previous year , while the added value of real estate industry dropped 4.1 percent from the previous year .
pan jianxin , director of the shanghai municipal bureau of statistics , said at a press conference recently that the average sales price of shanghai 's commodity residential units in 2005 was 6698 yuan per square meter , 313 yuan higher than 2004 .
the price of residential sales in the whole year increased 9.22 percent over the previous year , and the rate of increase was 6.6 percentage points lower than the same period last year .
the added value of real estate industry for the year was 670.23 billion yuan , a decrease of 4.1 percent over the previous year .
the amount of loans from individuals ' housing mortgage loans stood at 264.494 billion yuan , up only 9.44 billion yuan , compared with the same period last year .
pan jianxin said that the annual sales price of shanghai real estate shows that the price of commercial housing sales is stable .
the statistics also showed that according to the latest data , in 2005 , the increase in real estate prices in shanghai had somewhat fallen , and the average sales price of residential housing was 66698 yuan per square meter , 313 yuan higher than the per square meter increase in 2004 .
the annual price level of housing sales in 2005 was 9.77 percent higher than the previous year , and the rate of increase was 6.2 percentage points lower than that of the previous year .
according to his briefing , last year , shanghai completed a total investment of 124.686 - billion yuan in real estate development , an increase of 6.1 percent over the previous year .
the sales area was 3158.87 million square meters , down 9.55 percent .
the total sales volume of commercial houses in the year was 21.613 - billion yuan , down 4.550 percent from the previous year .
two light aircrafts crashed in new zealand
wellington , february 9 ( xinhua ) two new zealand light airplanes crashed at a bus stop at the southern part of the city of mongol , about 100 kilometers north of wellington , capital on the 9th , killing two students at the airplane .
according to a relevant person in charge of the local civil aviation department , the drivers of the two aircrafts were all students of the flight academy of marsh university . they are still undergoing training and have not obtained any flight license .
at the time of the incident , the two planes were in a non - air control zone . according to regulations , the pilots should be able to handle the navigation and safety of the airplane when flying in such a zone .
a man who witnessed the incident was told by new zealand media that he had heard a huge explosion when the plane collided with it and saw the plane crashed toward the ground .
another eyewitness also confirmed that the us military had heard a huge explosion before the plane crashed and saw the crashed .
the cause of the collision is not yet clear , and local civil aviation authorities will carry out an investigation into this .
china : argentine overseas chinese condemn chen shui - bian 's remarks on taiwan independence
xinhua news agency , buenos aires , february 8 ( reporter cao yu ) - a chinese delegation of chinese peaceful reunification , which is founded by overseas chinese and chinese residing in argentina , issued a solemn statement on the 8th , strongly condemning chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence , and opposing any attempt to separate taiwan from china .
the statement said : chen shui - bian made a statement on 29 january , declaring that the abolition of the capitalist union and the capitalist party is a big step toward taiwan independence .
compatriots on both sides of the strait have a common desire for peace and stability , and taiwan compatriots ' good wish for peace and stability will face severe challenges .
the statement points out that resolutely oppose and contain taiwan independence elements ' separatist activities , and maintain peace and stability in the taiwan strait area remains the most important task at present for compatriots on both sides of the strait and all chinese society in the world .
the statement stressed that the argentine association for promoting peaceful reunification is willing to hold dialogue with all overseas chinese and chinese residing in argentina , who uphold the one - china principle , and who are overseas chinese and chinese in argentina , in unity , resolutely oppose any form of taiwan independence and vigorously promote china 's peaceful reunification .
prc expert : us preaches military threat to china the united states is unjustifiable accusations
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has made great efforts to improve the quality of the country 's defense and defense projects , according to the report , which was submitted to congress a few days ago , said here today
experts believe that this is a major contribution to china 's normal national defense construction , and is playing up the military threat theory of china .
the " four - year defense assessment report " is a new national defense guiding document of the pentagon .
the 92 - page report used three paragraphs to discuss china 's military power and the countermeasures the united states should take . the report directly mentioned 15 times china 's countermeasures or the two terms of china 's arsenal , and said that it is a major and emerging power , and china has the greatest potential to compete with the united states in military competition . if the united states does not contain anti - system measures , china may develop weapons of bad weapons in the united states , and thus
the chinese academy of military sciences ' world military research department , yao yunzhu , said that although senior us officials have expressed similar viewpoints many times in the past , this is the first time the united states has made a report on the national defense strategy that china is the emerging power that is most likely to pose a military challenge to the united states .
the report clearly defines russia as india 's gurantic strategic rival , especially the so - called " tip - up " of the so - called china military threat theory .
peng guangqian , a researcher at the chinese academy of military sciences , said :
it is noteworthy that in the " four - year defense review report , " on the same day us president bush also submitted to congress a budget for the fiscal year 2007 , of which the defense budget reached $ 43.93 - billion .
if you add to the fact that the military action in iraq and afghanistan is added , the us defense budget for 2007 will exceed 500 billion us dollars .
peng guangqian held that the united states has fabricated the stick of the " theory of the divine divine divine divine divine beings " of the pentagon , and its real purpose is to seek more national defense funds and to fish for more profits for the huge us arms industrial group .
experts said that compared with the huge us military spending , china 's defense spending is quite limited .
he has participated in many times the compilation of china 's national defense white paper , deng hongzhou , a military expert , said : since the 1990 's , as china 's national defense spending has increased somewhat , but the proportion of national defense expenditures has generally shown a decline .
official statistics show that in 2004 , compared with 1979 , china 's national defense spending accounted for nearly 10 percent of the national fiscal expenditure during the same period .
in 2005 , china 's national defense spending was 244.656 - billion yuan , only about one - fourth of the us 's total national defense spending , which is equivalent to only about one - 60 of the us military 's per capita military spending , and the per - capita military spending of the us military is about one - thirds of the us military .
the us territory is similar to china 's territory , and military spending is so big .
peng guangqian said :
the research department of the china arms control and disarmament association , teng jianqun , said that the us side should objectively assess china 's military construction , and china 's peaceful development does not mean that china and the united states will become rivals militarily .
the 2004 china national defense white paper says that china firmly follows the path of peaceful development and practices a defensive national defense policy .
china did not have the slightest compromise in the past and now , nor would it pose a threat to any country .
so far , china has not established military bases in any other country , nor has it sent a single soldier to other countries , and the united states has more than 100 military bases overseas , and only deployed more than 100,000 troops in the asian region .
professor zhu feng of the international relations institute of beijing university said : china and the united states should increase communication and exchanges through the established channels , enhance understanding and trust , and push forward the constructive and cooperative relationship between china and the united states in the new century in an all - round way , and jointly promote the maintenance of world peace and development .
( winter olympics ) turin winter olympics opening ceremony will be staged with enthusiasm
duin , february 9 ( xinhua ) the fifth plenary session of the 20th winter games will be held on the evening of 10 february in duin olympic stadium , which will open a mysterious veil at 8 : 00 local time .
on 9 november , the organizing committee of the turin winter olympic games disclosed to reporters in advance the brilliant arrangements for the opening ceremony .
the chairman of the organizing committee , cardini , was full of confidence at the opening ceremony . he said at the press conference that the opening ceremony cost over 10 - million euros , which is a top - notch italian talent in all fields .
he said : the night of 10 july will be unforgettable . the 350,000 viewers at the venue and the 200 - billion tv viewers around the world will see the success of the surging situation . the opening ceremony will be held in great haste .
the flames of intense flame and flame of red blood were all burdened with the red - rod red - rod white pigeons and alps will appear at the opening ceremony , the director said , the pulling edge and the italian - style talent will become the main theme of the opening ceremony , the largest winter olympics in history , and the winter olympics will show to people the longest of the four cultural relics of italy and the four - stage cultural vitality
the famous italian designer , amamani , specially designed clothes for the opening ceremony , the famous italian fashion brand , morgan jinino , will present a gift to the guide for the athletes ' admission ceremony .
however , the famous italian male , pavarotti , will sing a song at the opening ceremony , and the organizing committee will leave this uncertainty in the end .
eight people who could flame flames with the flame of the flames will use a three - meter - long flame to show the enthusiasm of the burning , and they will travel through the stadium many times at 70 km .
the official of the organizing committee said that this was the most satisfactory creation of their performance at the opening ceremony .
and regarding how to kindle the main torch , the organizing committee did not reveal it ahead of time , but the main torch platform , as high as 57 meters , will light up the residents on the alps mountain near alps .
white house announces bush 's visit to pakistan , india in march
washington , february 9 ( xinhua ) the united states white house spokesman mcclellan said here today that the united states has been " desecrating the islamic prelude to mohammed " , and that the " islamic world " has been a serious threat to the islamic world , although it is planned for president bush to visit pakistan and india in march .
" we have been looking forward to visiting pakistan and india , " mcclellan said .
he also said that he was making arrangements for the visit .
mcclellan made the above remarks at a demonstration in some parts of pakistan to protest against the act of blasphemy against islam 's premature king mohammed .
in january this year , bush met with pakistani prime minister aziz at the white house , and both sides expressed the necessity of strengthening friendly cooperation to jointly crack down on terrorism that jeopardize the security of the two countries .
bush also said that at the invitation of the pakistani and indian governments , he will pay a visit to pakistan and india in march .
hamas assassinates cabinet to seek breakthrough
xinhua news agency , ramallah , february 9 ( international observation ) hamas cabinet seeks breakthrough
xinhua news agency reporter : hao huang
the palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) won the election of the legislature , how to draw the blueprint of the new government has become the focus of international attention .
what new policy will hamas pursue directly affect the peace process the relevant parties in the next step ?
at the same time , the resistance attitude of the united states and israel has also added variables to the prospects of the hamas government .
at present , all the palestinian parties are stepping up consultations to discuss the issue of the formation of the cabinet and the difficulties and sensitive points involved in the future development of the situation .
premier posts spend on which one 's family will be in the prime minister
hamas has been elected as the cabinet , and some people outside the world are worried that hamas may have differences with the current top leader abbas .
moreover , visiting hamas leader mahmoud al-mashel stressed that the new palestinian government , formed by hamas , will not recognize israel . this hardline signal has also aggravated international anxiety .
the united states and israel clearly indicated that they would not accept a hamas government with real power and threatened to cut off economic aid to palestine and to pay taxes to palestine .
however , this does not prevent hamas from making flexible strategic adjustments , and the election of an independent is a policy of compromise .
it is reported that in order to obtain the greatest international approval , hamas leaders at home and abroad who recently gathered together in egypt decided to elect the chairman of the board of directors of the shajiari islamic university , jamali ho hau - ri , to become the new prime minister .
this move has not received any response from the relevant parties .
palestinian analyst hossein said that no matter who the post of prime minister is spent , the most crucial thing is the choice for the prime minister , so as to lessen hamas 's hard - line flavor and ensure the success of forming the cabinet .
power is distributed under the category of distribution of power ( subhead )
in terms of internal affairs , the biggest challenge facing hamas forming a cabinet is the lack of sufficient experience in governance .
the " daily " of palestine analyzed that hamas has adopted social welfare programs to gather people , but it has been lacking experience in governing and sharing the same view of the palestinian national liberation movement , which has the experience of ruling the country .
hamas proposed a peace accord with fatah after the election , and jointly established a national coalition government with fatah , but fatah has not given a positive response to this .
there are still many problems within fatah on whether or not they will join the cabinet , and each faction proposes to participate in the new government , and the other faction refuses hamas 's invitation and is willing to make active opposition parties in the legislature .
the informed source pointed out that , under abbas 's persuasion , fatah gradually inclines toward joining the new government .
even so , hamas and fatah will also hold discussions on the distribution of cabinet posts .
in addition , the other way is to form a legislative committee framework that is divorced from the party 's cabinet .
it is reported that hamas has also designed a clean - up government , but the specific list is unknown .
in view of the attitude of the united states and israel , the technology - based government is no longer a form of cabinet forming to alleviate external pressure .
according to the provisions of the palestinian basic law , the new legislature will nominate the prime minister and form the cabinet within three to five weeks after the new term of office was inaugurated on 16 february .
armed forces should be on the road of development
hamas 's weapons are the most important tasks in forming a new government .
the attitude of the united states and israel is extremely tough , and it resolutely demands that hamas abandon violence and reject its armed participation in politics .
hamas leader machal stressed on 9 may that armed resistance was the strategic choice of the organization .
the issue of armed forces actually includes the legitimacy of weapons and the issue of the control of armed forces .
hamas , through democracy and freedom , was elected the first major party of the legislature , and has been recognized by the international community , making it a legalized approach of its subordinate armed factions to unify it with the government 's security organs .
hamas has proposed to reunify all the armed forces to the palestinian national authority , but it has not received widespread response and has also been subjected to the attacks by the palestinian islamic jihad ( al-hadi ) .
palestine now possesses more than 60,000 security organizations , and most of them are from the fatah camp .
moreover , fatah also has some organizational relationships with the loose - headed armed factions , such as the armenian martyrs ' brigades , etc.
hamas , who is responsible for forming a cabinet , must hold discussions with abbas on how to manage the armed forces of all of these countries and rationally distribute security management authority .
according to local media reports , abbas intends to be in charge of security and intelligence units , police , civil defense and other organizations , which are under the control of the interior ministry of the new government .
however , all sides are still holding consultations on this sensitive issue , and so far no written statement has been made .
china issues polar investigation report
beijing , february 10 ( xinhua ) the chinese national oceanic administration ( soa ) recently released the 2005 china polar survey report , which is a major step china has taken in its efforts to promote science in the past 20 years , according to the report .
the " report " comprehensively reflects the scientific research activities of the polar region in china in 2005 , and shows the main progress and results of scientific research on logistics support .
according to the " report , " on 9 january 2005 , at 22:15 ( beijing time ) , the icecap inspection team of china 's antarctic expedition team successfully landed on the highest plateau of the icecap in the antarctic , and arrived at the port of the " ice - skid " zone at 3:15 on 18 january ( beijing time ) . the highest - altitude of the highest point of the ice - dome is 493 meters .
the competition is at the international polar stage that is becoming increasingly fierce , and the strong will and dauntless spirit of the chinese people are bold in opening up new realms . first , the antarctic ice hair the highest point is blasted , and the results are achieved at one stroke , thus realizing another human dream in the antarctic .
sun zhihui , director of the state oceanic administration , said :
the " report " shows that on 24 march 2005 , the 21 st antarctic expedition team of china returned to shanghai successfully to complete its mission . the inspection lasted 151 days and covered 2,6500 nautical miles .
on 18 november the same year , the 22nd antarctic expedition team left shanghai for the antarctic center station to conduct scientific research activities and will leave the central mountain station before the end of february 2006 to return to shanghai via australia .
because china 's first polar survey report was published , the " report on china 's polar exploration in 2005 " also gave a comprehensive analysis of the chinese polar exploration project , which started in the 1980 's .
according to the " report , " china formally joined the " antarctic treaty " in 1983 and became a member of the antarctic treaty organization , and successively became a member of the antarctic treaty 's consultative council for conducting consultations on national antarctic scientific research , and other most influential international organizations on antarctic affairs .
in 1997 , china became a member of the arctic science committee and won the right to speak and decision - making in international polar affairs .
the " report " points out that over the past 20 years , china 's extreme observance has grown from scratch and has been developing continuously , and the scale of the first - class landing has formed the three - stop - one landing and the polar polar science observation system in south china . that is , the long - term southern pole station established in february 1985 , the southern pole zhongshan station established in february 1989 , the northern pole station established in july 2004 , and the
according to the " report , " by the end of 2005 , china had organized 22 inspection visits to antarctic science two times , with the tamil artery ship as the two - batch scientific expedition to the arctic pole station , which is on the platform , and so far more than 3,000 people have personally gone to the southern pole to inspect the site of the survey .
we are now making preparations for the establishment of the third antarctic inspection station , and also china 's first inland inspection station in the antarctic .
sun zhihui said :
after more than 20 years of effort , china 's polar exploration project has been carried out in the world 's polar exploration , but it is still not the same as other major polar countries .
he said .
sun zhifhui disclosed that china will publish a report on polar exploration every year in the future .
china 's top legislator meets chinese president
havana , february 10 ( xinhua ) cuban council of state president fidel castro met with visiting chinese state councilor chen zhili on the 10th . both sides expressed their willingness to continuously strengthen mutually beneficial cooperation in education , science and technology .
president castro warmly welcomed president chen zhili on his visit to cuba .
he said : cuba - china relations are very friendly , there have been frequent high - level visits , which have effectively promoted and strengthened the friendship and mutual understanding between the two sides . he expressed the hope that the two countries will continue to deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in all fields , including education and science and technology .
chen zhili said : cuba is a country with important influence in latin america and the caribbean region .
the friendship between the chinese and cuban peoples goes back to ancient times .
cuba is the first country in latin america to establish diplomatic relations with new china .
after entering the new century , under the care and promotion of the leaders of the two countries , mutual political trust between the two countries has been deepened day by day , the scope of cooperation has been constantly expanded , mutual support and cooperation in international affairs have been constantly expanded , and friendly relations between china and cuba have entered a new period of comprehensive development .
she believed that with the joint efforts of both sides , sino - cuban friendly cooperation will certainly yield more fruitful results .
chen zhili also pointed out that the chinese government has always attached importance to exchanges and cooperation with cuba in the educational field .
in recent years , the two countries have increasingly strengthened educational exchanges and frequent personnel exchanges .
china actively supports the international conference held by cuba , and has sent delegations to attend the world higher education conference and the 2005 anti - illiteracy conference .
cuba 's basic education is very high , and it hopes to further strengthen relevant experience exchange in the future .
chen zhili said : the two countries have made great achievements in scientific research and development , and can cooperate in many fields to achieve win - win results .
the chinese side has helped cuba in its scientific research and equipment , hoping to play a positive role in cuba 's scientific research and production .
she also briefed castro on china 's strategy of rejuvenating the country through science and education and the national conference on science and technology .
chen zhili arrived in cuba on february 9 at the invitation of the cuban government to begin his visit to cuba .
during this period , chen zhili met with cuban minister of education vincent vincent and inspected the university of science in havana .
the construction of the debris on the beijing - kazakhstan highway
harbin , february 11 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a special traffic and transport network at around 23:00 on february 10 , when a tanker was leaking , and some sections of the road were closed .
according to the traffic police of the traffic police unit of the shuangcheng city public security bureau , at 23:00 on the 10th , three accidents occurred at the 58 km of the jingha highway . a sedan mill collided with a tanker and a tanker . the cracks were crashed . the fuel tanks were loaded and the discarded oil flowed into the road .
it is learned that the tanker is equipped with a discarded oil that has been produced after the coke .
the small coal mines , which were plagued by a high dense fog , have been closed down because of the fire hazards in the past .
harbin will be closed to some of the highways in the two cities , and many vehicles will be diverted to other places .
at present , the departments concerned are cleaning up the scene , and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
hong kong , macao and taiwan : whampoa announced the flag of italy 's three - digit list
hong kong , february 11 ( xinhua ) the company will extend its operation of 3 rd leptp telecommunications under the flag of the united kingdom , according to the company of italy .
and mr chien kin - ning , general manager of the huanggroup , said that although the italian government has already obtained approval from all relevant supervisory organs on the listing of the market , the time is too tight due to the fact that the stock subscription procedure must be completed within the next few weeks .
at the same time , the market is weak in europe 's telecommunications stocks , and the market may not necessarily give italy a suitable list of listed companies at this moment .
in view of the fact that shareholders have the greatest consideration for their interests , the decision to postpone the listing was made .
as to when the stock market will be reopened , mr fok said that the market would depend on the future business of the european telecommunications market .
he held that from now on to further prospecting , italy needs to carry out extensive investor education activities to facilitate global telecommunications investment market to gain a clearer understanding of italy 's current strong performance and favorable prospects .
according to media reports , italy has a global coordination fund of one of the world 's leading investors , with a view to agreeing to sell 420 - million euros in private sales , holding 10-0 percent stakes in italy by the end of march this year .
china , myanmar to further economic ties : official
yangon , february 12 ( xinhua ) china 's ambassador to myanmar , zumu and economic and trade counselor tang hai , who arrived here on wednesday for a three - day visit , said the bilateral economic and trade ties are now showing a rich and varied form of mutually beneficial development .
ambassador iowa said that in recent years , the friendly and cooperative relations between china and burma , established on the basis of the five principles of peaceful coexistence , have been consolidated and developed , exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been expanded and deepened , and economic and trade relations between the two countries have been constantly expanded and strengthened .
counselor tang said that the high - level visits between the two countries have effectively promoted the development of economic and trade cooperation between the two countries .
the 2004 high - level exchange of visits between the two countries was signed by the two sides , with most of the agreements being implemented and implemented .
he said : the year 2004 is $ 11.4 - billion , and the figure for 2005 reached $ 12.09 - billion , of which china 's exports were $ 935 - million , and imports were $ 274 - million .
last year , in bilateral trade , trade between china 's yunnan and myanmar ( including border trade ) amounted to $ 630 million , an increase of 14.66 percent over the previous year .
tang said myanmar has become a major investment destination for chinese enterprises in the project , and china 's major projects in myanmar include the power plant , the bridge and the plant ( such as the sugar factory , the rice milk , and the paper milk factory ) .
chinese enterprises have started engineering business in burma , bringing along the export of all kinds of chinese mechanical and electrical products , and myanmar has become an important market for china 's complete sets of equipment and mechanical products .
according to statistics by the chinese customs , in the last five to six years , the export volume of mechanical and electrical products has accounted for about 455.0 percent of china 's total exports to burma .
counselor tang also said that burma is rich in resources , and china has already started investing in the development of the oil and natural gas fields in myanmar , including the brickel ore mine in the oil - gas leak mint in the western part of myanmar .
he expressed the hope that chinese enterprises will have a long - term vision , learn to avoid risks , make careful policy decisions , and establish a good image of enterprises , so that projects can be completed on schedule and be completed on time , and win glory for the country .
ambassador pipe and counselor tang hai - hai both held that prime minister soe win 's upcoming official visit to china is a major event in bilateral relations this year , and is of great significance to promoting political trust , promoting bilateral cooperation , and promoting the further development of good - neighborly and friendly relations between china and burma .
it is expected that during the visit , the two sides will sign several agreements on economic and trade cooperation .
world bank to reduce debt of poorest countries
moscow , february 11 ( xinhua ) world bank president wolfowitz said in moscow on tuesday that the world bank would completely remove the debt of the poorest countries by the middle of this year .
wolfowitz said in moscow that the g - 8 finance ministers had held talks with the ministers of the countries that had come to attend the g - 8 finance ministers ' meeting .
in a statement issued after the meeting , he said the world bank would implement the debt relief scheme before 1 july this year , and the world bank is now completing all technical work .
last year , the world bank 's donated countries completely exempted their debts from 28 countries and said they would fill the funds for the relevant trust funds .
the imf 's creditor ratio is relatively small , and the imf has started to reduce or exempt debts by the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz 's decision to exempt the debts of 16 african countries from russia .
the high - definition digital tv gradually became the mainstream in the united states .
new york , february 12 ( xinhua ) with the development of high resolution digital television sets ( polarized ) , the price of high resolution digital tv sets and the continuous expansion of the market , us tv transmission agencies have also stepped up the introduction of corresponding high - definition tv programs .
the united states , which has just ended up , has become a us broadcasting company .
according to a recent report in the financial times , the us congress recently passed a bill , which stipulates that american broadcasting operators must completely stop the existing simulated television signals on 17 february 2009 and only send digital signals .
this means that the comprehensive digitization broadcast of us tv programs has already been clearly set a timetable .
the high resolution digital tv system should be popularized on the one hand by consumers , on the other hand , it depends on the production agencies to provide high - quality digital programs .
although digital tv has been repeatedly mentioned in the past few years , it has never become a reality .
this problem has turned around this year .
according to a forecast by the american consumer electronics association , the number of digital tv sets will exceed the traditional tv sets for the first time in the united states this year , and 85.0 percent of the digital tv sets are high - resolution products .
japanese researchers have developed new highly efficient kidney kidney
tokyo , february 13 ( xinhua ) the chinese university of east china has developed a biological artificial kidney , which not only has the same legal status as human kidney , but also has the right to retain the material component .
according to the latest report by the nihon keizai industrial news , the newly developed biological kidney is composed of two parts , and part of the stem cellular from blood and the kidney spin , while the other is the kidney - class frigate from the original urine water diving and the hydracid acid acid acid , etc. , the part is a lieutenant general who reuses the blood - born element to reproduce the blood - born le@@
the owner of the kidney and the beartop of the legend is made from the middle air line , and the wet inside the inside is full of the thin - shaped irritated urine , which is capable of discarding the dioven .
this kind of hemp cells can cause the disease from the mythic , and the same type of lethal arid from the past to the blood acid and return to the blood , and at the same time can also cause the staple gauge and mineral materials that are essential to reenter the blood .
the previous human kidney was based on the differentiation of the lever , and could not completely eliminate it , nor did it have the capability to make the acid and other elements return to the blood .
researchers use the sheep to conduct the transplant experiments on the transplanting of biological kidney , the chinese - made staple stem cells using pigs .
two weeks later , researchers confirmed that the artificial kidney had already been able to play its role .
they are currently developing and using the human kidney kidney kidney for human kidney cells and will start clinical research after testing its safety .
china 's power safety production still faces severe challenges
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the state power supervision and administration commission said on the 13th that although the overall safety situation for electricity production in 2005 remains stable , the safety of electricity production is still facing severe challenges .
zhang junjiu , vice chairman of the national power monitoring commission , said at the fifth meeting of the national electric power safety production committee held here that in 2005 , china 's power production safety was generally stable and successfully fulfilled the summer - day tasks of electric power generation , and actively dealt with the intrusion of natural disasters , basically ensuring the safety and stability of the power production safety system , significantly reduced the number of accidents and ordinary power grids , and raised the health of power equipment .
however , he pointed out that as the situation of power supply and demand changes and the large number of new generating units are put into operation one after another , the production safety of electric power will face new challenges .
these challenges include : regional seaside period lacking power shortage will still exist , and power supply and demand in some areas will remain tight , because the benign mechanism for coal prices has not yet taken shape , there are still quite a big problem in power supply , and at the same time , the problem of the decline in the quality of electricity coal has not been effectively controlled , and this will have a serious impact on the stable operation of power generating units , the weak structure of some power gri@@
shi yubo said : as the reform of the power system deepens , many deep - rooted contradictions will continue to be exposed , how to maintain the stability of the staff and workers and ensure normal production order will become new problems facing us .
in view of the 2006 power production safety work , shi yubo said that it is necessary to further consolidate the basic work of the production safety of electricity , speed up the establishment and improvement of the power safety emergency management mechanism , enhance the ability to cope with emergencies , strengthen coordination and cooperation in the power network , jointly safeguard the safety of the power system , continue to do a good job in supervising and managing the construction of the dam , strengthen the safety management of power construction projects , and ensure
it is learned that in connection with the new situation in power safety management , the power supervision committee will conduct a thorough investigation of the " provisional regulations on investigation of power production accidents " promulgated this year . at the same time , the supporting documents on the safety of the dam and the second system for the protection of the power station 's power station 's safety will be issued and implemented this year .
in 2005 , the total electricity consumption in china reached 246.89 billion kw , an increase of 13.455 percent over the same period last year .
in the face of the situation of power supply and demand still being tight , the contradiction of coal , electricity , oil , and transport has been prominent , all power enterprises have taken effective measures to strengthen equipment management . last year , there was no exceptionally big equipment accident in the power production nationwide .
74 accidents occurred in the power grids , 127 fewer than the same period last year , and 427 accidents involving equipment were reduced by 132 compared with the same period last year .
south african envoy to china said south africa does not have the slightest criminal act against chinese citizens
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has made unremitting efforts to promote the development of south africa 's economic and trade ties with china , said general fu kangning , charge d'affaires ad interim of the south african embassy in china , in an exclusive interview with xinhua on the 13th .
he also said that the south african government would spare no effort in cracking down on all forms of criminal activities .
fu konen said that the south african government hopes to reduce the criminal rate to zero , and hopes that every foreign person working in south africa will receive local laws and citizens ' full protection .
since 2006 , more than four chinese citizens have been killed in south africa , and the chinese world has expressed wide concern over this .
the chinese foreign ministry has made representations to the south african side and reminded chinese citizens in south africa to further enhance their awareness of security and prevention . overseas chinese are urged to strengthen their unity and friendship and cooperate with the police in cracking down on criminal activities .
we have told the victims ' families the most sincere sympathy and mourning .
fu kangning said : we feel sorry for this , and we also ask the chinese people to believe that the south african government is seriously investigating every case involving china .
according to the chinese embassy in south africa , the south african police have cracked the case of chen jianqing , a chinese fujian woman , killed in south africa on 5 february . a suspect has been arrested .
the police are hunting for another suspect .
in addition , the south african embassy in china disclosed that the criminal suspected of shooting in hong kong had been arrested by south african police in january this year , and the victims ' property has been recovered .
speaking about the possibility of the chinese citizens being killed , fu kangning said that these events are indeed very harmful to the trade between the two countries and the exchanges in other fields .
the south african embassy tourism commissioner , nanny hanny , said the embassy had provided more than 2,000 chinese people in the first 15 days of this year .
in addition , according to official statistics , south africa will continue to maintain china 's largest trade partner in africa in 2005 .
bilateral trade volume reached $ 7.27 billion , an increase of 23.0 percent over the same period last year .
however , people from the tourism industry believe that the series of incidents of chinese citizens ' assassination in 2004 have a clear impact on the number of chinese tourists visiting south africa .
according to statistics by the south african tourism agency , in the first half of 2005 , chinese tourists to south africa were 20331 , a decrease of 14.9 percent compared with the same period last year .
the chinese people living in south africa are about 200,000 people , covering all the towns and townships in south africa .
analysts here believe that the gap between the rich and the poor in south africa is wide , the unemployment rate is high , the gun is rampant , and there is no such a threat .
because many chinese do not understand english , there are cash on them and their families , it is more prone to become targets of criminal syndicates ' financial attacks .
hong kong , july 15 hong kong has been promoting on - the - job english learning and training
hong kong , february 13 ( xinhua ) the international english campaign , launched by the hong kong special administrative region government on wednesday , aims to raise the english standard of the workforce .
this english language is a good study and a rich life . it is a series of publicity activities to promote english .
as of now , the scheme has provided nearly 25,000 people with a subsidy of $ 25,000 for the training courses , which have helped them achieve the benchmark for the relevant types of workplace english in hong kong .
hong kong 's english campaign is the first of its kind launched by the sar government in 2000 .
the campaign is an important project to provide english training to the workplace english training fund .
the scheme aims to help nets to use english in their work , and to help them to use english through training and taking part in designated international business english examinations .
the hebei aids inspection and testing system is free of charge .
shijiazhuang , february 14 ( xinhua ) the public health department of hebei province recently issued the " hebei province voluntary aids consultation and inspection program " ( trial ) , which clearly specifies the free - of - the - milk policy for aids tests , and hopes to detect the most possible cases of hiv - infected people and patients , and further implement the preventive intervention measures and the policy of the four - step free - of - hand intervention measures .
the " program " has clearly defined the guiding principle for voluntary consultation and inspection of aids in hebei province : free aids resistance and consultation , aids antibodies testing and voluntary consultation , and information consent , aids antibody testing and consultation , and consultation and confidentiality , and not evaluating relevant behaviors of the advisers , aids virus hiv carriers and aids patients ' legitimate rights and interests , and providing relevant follow - up services .
the " program " requires that the aids advisory and testing center should be set up at the location convenient to the advisers and that there should be a single room for the protection of the advisers and can be consulted one by one .
the choice of advisers should be fully taken into consideration the personal quality , knowledge , and the ability to exchange .
to protect the selfish interests of the advisers , the inspection leaflets can be used as a code or a number for registration .
the " program " also requires that the health administration departments at and above the county level should make public the information of the medical and health organizations in the area that undertake the voluntary aids test service , and the telephone number for consultation , so as to make the masses understand the relevant information .
the ministry of public security still focused on extorting confessions by torture .
beijing , february 14 ( xinhua ) the police inspector of the ministry of public security , mr zheng baigang , said at a press conference held by the ministry of public security on the 14th that the so - called inappropriate way to admit crimes is absolutely unacceptable in china .
the focus of the work of the inspectors is to prevent the occurrence of these problems .
he also pointed out that some international organizations have a deep understanding of the law enforcement situation of the chinese police .
the latest information provided by the ministry of public security on 14 june shows that the ministry of public security issued the " regulations for keeping in check " in 2002 , the " regulations on continuing interrogations by public security organs " , which are the latest regulations on the implementation of retention measures by public security organs . " this has better guaranteed that the measures for retaining people 's rights in accordance with the law by grass - roots public security organs are applicable to people 's police organs .
since 1997 , the three projects of control have been carried out in a deep - going manner ( i.e. , punctifada punishments , drug abuse , and compulsory measures ) , and police inspectors of public security organs throughout the country have persisted in going deep into the police force , the traffic police corps , and the police force of the police force of the mitsubishi police corps and the police force of the police force in the front - line law enforcement units in the public security
to prevent law enforcement at the source , police inspectors have further extended the tallying point of law enforcement inspectors , and intensified the monitoring of applicable rumors .
hong kong , macao , taiwan ( macao ) sun yun - hsuan died of illness in taipei
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) taipei has been honorary chairman of the taiwan strait exchange foundation , sun yun - hsuan , who has been a member of the association for cross - strait exchanges , has also been suffering from acute heart failure and blood - shock shock . he died of illness in taipei on the morning of 15 february .
sun yun - hsuan was born on 11 november 1913 in penglai , shandong , and graduated from the electrical engineering department of harbin industrial university .
it was the first time that kmt members from the 10 th to 13 th cpc central committee standing committee member and the 14 th central committee appraisal committee chairman and the 15 th central advisory committee appraisal committee member .
he once served as a secretary of the taiwan authorities ' transportation , and as a premier of the economy .
heilongjiang to promote the ecological impact assessment and countermeasures of songhua river water pollution
harbin , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has made great efforts to ensure the smooth running of the dry water period and the melting of the ice layer in the river , said the official here today
the reporter learned from the heilongjiang provincial environmental protection bureau that the " liaoxi river " , which was organized by the state administration of environmental protection , has been confirmed for 15 special topics , including the evaluation and countermeasures of the ecological environment of the loess river , which are divided into the emergency environmental evaluation and the evaluation of the ecological countermeasures , and the comprehensive evaluation of the human body 's health pollution control project . the specific time is arranged in three stages .
currently , heilongjiang province has 10 scientific research institutes with more than 60 people taking up 14 research projects .
according to the briefing , the environmental protection department and relevant scientific research institutions will conduct research on five special topics , namely , the emergency environmental assessment and countermeasures , in an effort to solve the environmental problems that the masses are eagerly concerned about .
these include the main control of the concentration of pollutants from the total number of pollutants projected to exit the united states , the impact of the pollution on the consumption safety of water from the songhua river on the water decentralized water from the two sides of the strait , and on the safety and purification of water supply in cities , the study of the inherent law for the degradation and dilution of pollutants in the process of the froz@@
heilongjiang 's environmental protection department will also increase environmental monitoring along the pine river , and severely investigate and deal with the serious environmental pollution incidents caused by illegal discharge and illegal construction .
heilongjiang will send environmental law enforcement personnel to supervise and guide various localities in carrying out comprehensive environmental improvement in the small river valley , improve the arsh river , and other supporting currents .
beijing university 's mourning hall to mourn academician wang xuan
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has made great efforts to promote the development of the country 's economy , said wang xuan , a member of the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc )
at about 0800 , the hall was opened to the public . there were dozens of people outside the gate .
this reporter learned from the forum 's memorial hall at the centenary of the beijing university that the wall of the hall was hanging black - strained : the mourning cranes were worn in by academician wang xuan .
the lower section is a dozen square meters of wang xaiyuan 's portrait . he wore glasses and looked smiling and was rude and elegant .
on both sides of the body of the trees are placed on the trees , scores of walls are divided on both sides .
one of the wreath - shaped seedlings : the chinese nation 's first - class foundation of tang 's splendor , the present - day appearance of the lead - beam .
the mourning hall was resting and the atmosphere was heavy .
among those who were mourning were the leaders and teachers and students of beijing university , academician wang xuan , his friends , and friends from academician wang xuan , as well as many people who had never been in contact with him .
some of them hold flowers in their hands , some carry flower baskets , and everyone is wearing small white flowers in their chest , slowly walking to the front of academician wang xuan 's teachings , bowing to their woes .
many people could not help but shed their tears .
he was once director of the national cultural relics bureau , and was a veteran alumni of peking university . he told this reporter that he was working in henan more than 10 years ago . he asked professor wang xuan to give a report on scientific and technological innovations to the provincial party committee cadres .
academician wang xitong is a master of science , and is all the models we learn . he made a major contribution to the country and society , and the people will never forget him .
the university of beijing university law school professor jin ruilin is a close friend of wang xuan , who has been an old friend for more than 40 years .
a few days ago , he was just discharged and today he insisted on going to do farewell to old friends .
in the album , mr. jin was unable to restrain his own pessimistic , and he had time and again dragged tears in his eyes .
he told this reporter that professor wang xuan 's life was very frugal . he had already been a professor and had already had a very high accomplishment , but he was still very small .
later he moved to chengzai , and then moved to a place of 70 to 80 square meters .
beijing university gave him a letter to academician in the blue camp , a residence of more than 140 square meters . he did not want , the high - level housing provided by fangzheng building , he did not want to .
mr. jin recalled with deep feeling that wang xuan had been able to provide a very high treatment during his overseas visit , but he resolutely stopped him .
at the beginning , he insisted that he would not apply for academician . he was only filled with the clues after mr. zhou peiyuan had repeatedly been mobilized .
mr. jackson has a deep feeling , and the attitude of wang xuan toward nurturing young people has emphasized on many occasions that i still have any achievements now , not to see me , but to depend on cultivating young people .
mr. jin said , " i was 50 years old . wang ch'iu started to pay attention to cultivating young people . he has always stressed that we should be willing to pave the way for the people and give them a way .
this is a very successful scientist .
the reporter learned from the beijing university news center that from 09:00 a. m . on 15 february to 12:00 noon on 19 february , academician wang xuan 's hall is open to the public every morning and is open to people from all walks of life .
the " red " belt of the present - day chinese academy of sciences [ cas ] , the vice chairman of the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] national committee , was elected by the third academician of the chinese academy of sciences . because of illness , medical treatment was invalid , it passed the illness in beijing at 11:33 on 13 february and passed away at the age of 70 .
china 's npc , chilean parliament hold dialogue mechanism
wu bangguo attended the signing ceremony and signed the agreement .
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the npc standing committee has decided to hold a meeting of the third session of the ninth npc to further promote the development of bilateral relations , and to promote the development of bilateral relations , wu said .
the exchanges mechanism between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament was formally established .
it is learned that chilean senate president romulo and chamber speaker arseniseno recently held a meeting in santiago , the capital of chile .
according to the provisions of the agreement , the two sides will establish a bilateral relations between the npc and the chilean parliament in accordance with the principles laid down in the communique on the establishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries , and set up a dialogue committee , taking turns to hold a meeting at a regular time between the two countries to jointly promote the all - round development of bilateral relations .
chilean ambassador to china kharrah and others attended the signing ceremony .
china to publish information network dissemination regulations
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has made a great effort to reprint newspapers and magazines , according to a report by the ministry of information industry .
wang ziqiang said : according to the current law , the works published in newspapers and journals will not be used as long as the author does not do anything .
however , according to the current law , the newspaper and the publishing house enjoy this legal right to permit , and currently the internet does not enjoy this legal right to permit .
according to the relevant judicial explanations made by the supreme people 's court , the method of using the reprinted official license of newspapers and periodicals may be applied to the internet , that is , short - term articles published by newspapers and periodicals on the internet , and the author does not make the statement that the internet may not be used without permission , and at the same time , pay for remuneration .
however , as the judicial interpretation does not have a stipulation on the remuneration standards , it is not appropriate to pay the price when using these works on the internet .
the question of using the internet is a question of whether these short - term works are applicable to the legal system and still need to be determined from the legal level .
" wang ziqiang said : whether or not it is incorporated into the scope of the law , and whether it will be confirmed by the regulations for the protection of the right of dissemination of the information network , which are promulgated this year .
russian military says georgian parliament resolution will not affect russian peacekeeping operations
moscow , february 15 ( xinhua ) russia 's defense ministry has decided to set up a security council to deal with the issue of russian peacekeeping forces , according to a statement issued by the georgian parliament on friday .
the russian state duma ( lower house of parliament ) chairman konin of the cis affairs committee issued a statement on the georgian parliament 's resolution on the russian peacekeeping force on the same day . he pointed out that the georgian side 's resolution would undermine the stability of the situation in the region and would have an unfavorable impact on russian - georgian relations .
he stressed that the georgian parliament resolution has made russia - georgia relations deteriorate and move forward .
he said : georgia 's criticism of russia is absurd .
the georgian parliament passed a resolution on the same day , demanding that the russian peacekeeping forces stop their peacekeeping operations in the south ossetia , but there is no specific deadline for the withdrawal of russian peacekeeping forces .
the georgian parliament accused russian peacekeeping personnel of failing to fulfill their obligations stipulated by the law and regarded russia 's actions in the area of conflict as a traverse and an embryonic territory of georgia .
the georgian parliament urged the government to take active actions to consider entering the international peacekeeping force in the south ossetia conflict to replace the current peacekeeping operations in the region .
the georgian parliament also instructed the government to revise the relevant agreements on russian peacekeeping personnel 's stationing in the area of conflict .
the south ossetia is a autonomous state of georgia , and it borders the republic of ossetia in russia .
after the disintegration of the former soviet union , it declared independence on its own and had long been in a state of confrontation with the central government of georgia .
at present , russia has a 500 - member peacekeeping battalion stationed in the region .
the unit is a military unit of the russian communist party in the south of ossetium , based on the agreement signed by russia in 1992 .
the four patients were responsible for the big fire at the liaoyuan hospital , and the charges of suspected major responsibility accidents will be brought to justice .
xinhua news agency , changchun , february 16 ( reporter zhou liquan ) - the extraordinarily serious fire occurred in the central hospital of liaoyuan city , jilin province , and the investigation team confirmed 11 people responsible for the fire , among whom the hospital 's electric squad leader zhang diankun and the others will be prosecuted for the crime of suspected major responsibility accidents .
on 15 december 2005 , the largest hospital in liaoyuan city , the largest fire , the no. 2 hospital , was in the end killing 39 people .
in the fire , the area of excessive flames reached more than 5,000 square meters .
it is learned that this is the first national medical and health care system that has been brought under fire since the founding of new china .
according to investigations , at about 16:30 on the day of the incident , the central hospital of liaoyuan city suddenly stopped electricity . according to the design of the hospital 's circuits , if the power outage and the power supply box are suspended , the power lock will automatically jump to the deputy gate and continue to maintain the normal power supply of the hospital . however , the electric gate at that time did not automatically jump the gate , and the electric squad leader zhang di@@
the smoke was then used to build an underground cable line , and more than 10 cables were unscrupulously tied together . the cable should be placed in a very neat and put on the fire prevention floor .
therefore , the 57 - year - old liaoyuan city textile company 's electric team leader zhao yongchun and retired cadre of the liaoyuan power bureau sun fenglin , retired worker of the liaoyuan city center hospital , returned to the employment of the staff , and will be prosecuted for suspected major responsibility accidents .
china to promote tourism in rural areas
guiyang , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to implement the project of building a new village in tianlong village of tianlong town , pingtan county , guizhou province , on the morning of february 16 , with a joyful smile .
at 10 : 30 am , the five - year - old gene - shaped guy , 80 - year - old veteran zheng peimin , wearing a green long - shirt , sounded the first - rate drama of the chinese rural tourism .
the tin lung tuen mun village is a typical representative of the development of tourism in the rural areas of guizhou and a national demonstration point for rural tourism .
as the year of the flood in the ming dynasty , the descendants of the tuen mun pump has been in the past more than 600 years .
here , it can be seen everywhere wearing a big - mint - shirt and a long - sleeved baby , the ancient han culture and the dressing ores are preserved in the village of tuen mun .
it is learned that the tianlong village has relied on this cultural and traditional advantage to develop rural cultural tourism from 2002 , and its total admission income in 2005 alone will reach 3.8 million yuan . over 47.7 percent of the rural households will participate in tourism by using catering and transportation of imported goods , and the per capita income of peasants has increased from over 1,300 yuan in 2002 to 2640 yuan in 2005 .
the guizhou provincial tourism administration bureau director yang shengming said that following the first tour of tianlong , the new rural areas will be developed in the new tourism trend .
so far , more than 130 villages in guizhou have launched various rural tourism projects . by 2005 , more than 600,000 peasant households in the province have extricated themselves from poverty through development .
in january , the housing prices in 70 cities rose 5.55 percent in shanghai .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has approved a total of 780,000 housing units in 70 large and medium cities in the country , a drop of 0.7 percentage points over the previous month , according to the official statistics .
shanghai housing prices continued to slide .
the state development and reform commission released the figures on 16 november , with the total investment of most of the 70 large and medium - sized cities , sales of most houses rose slightly , and the price of hohhot and catastrophes increased by over 10 percent . meanwhile , the price of shanghai housing sales continued to drop slightly , down by 0.44 percent compared with the same period last year .
statistics from the same level show that in the first quarter of last year , sales prices of shanghai 's housing also increased by 19.1 percent over the same period last year . after that , a turning point appeared , and a slight slide in the second half of last year was recorded .
in january this year , 70 large and medium - sized cities saw a 6.9 percent rise in the prices of new commodity housing , a drop of 0.2 percentage points from the previous month .
the increase in new commodity housing was mainly in dalian , with 18.99 percent in dalian and 14.77 percent in heat , 14.77 percent in shenzhen , 9.1 percent in beijing , and 14.4 percent in shanghai , a drop of 3.1 percent compared with the same period last year .
the central organization department called for further strengthening supervision over the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres and cadres .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the central organization department recently printed and distributed the opinions on strengthening the work of supervising cadres .
the opinions call on organization departments at all levels to proceed from strict management and care for cadres , and to carry out cadre supervision throughout the process of cadre training and education , establish and improve the system of strict prevention , correct errors , and straighten out supervision work , and effectively strengthen supervision over the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres and cadres .
the opinions points out that the main task of cadre supervision in the organization departments is to supervise leading bodies and leading cadres , with the focus on strengthening supervision over principal responsible persons of leading bodies , and on supervising the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres of party and government organizations , and to focus on doing a good job in supervising and inspecting the implementation of the " regulations on the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres of party and government organizations . "
while conducting a supervision over leading bodies and leading cadres , the opinions put forward that it is necessary to unremittingly grasp education in ideals and convictions and education in promoting honest government , and to run education through the training , selection , promotion , management , and supervision of cadres , to guide and supervise leading cadres in strengthening their cultivation of party spirit , and to persist in building the party 's ideological and moral defense line for the people and in building a solid ideological and moral defense line against corruption and de@@
the provincial party committee and the provincial party committee should make clear demands on newly promoted cadres in their speeches on the issue of being honest and self - disciplined .
we should supervise the leading bodies at all levels in upholding democratic centralism , establish and improve the rules and procedures for decision - making , and conscientiously implement the system of combining collective leadership with individual responsibility .
we should give prominence to supervision and organization ( personnel ) of principal responsible persons of leading bodies , and should often talk with principal responsible persons of the leading bodies at the lower level to understand their ideological style and other conditions .
we should establish and improve the system of day - to - day management and supervision of leading cadres , and regularly understand and analyze the ideological and work conditions of the leading cadres ' ranks and put forward opinions and measures for resolving problems .
the system of leading cadres admonishing the speeches and making written inquiries should be instituted , and the symptoms of the problem should be discovered in good time .
we should give prominence to the conspicuous problems of leading cadres reflected by the masses , and should conscientiously investigate and understand them . if there are problems , we should give criticism and education to them or appropriate organizations to handle them , which constitute a violation of discipline and law , and if they do not have problems in the course of investigation , we should clarify them in appropriate ways .
at the same time , we should combine strengthening supervision with encouraging cadres to boldly explore new ways of operation and pay attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the opinions require that organizations ( personnel ) departments at all levels should effectively strengthen supervision and inspection of the work of selecting and appointing party and government leading cadres .
we should further improve the system of recommending nominations for cadres , and take strict steps to supervise the selection and employment of cadres in order to gain political trust and trust in the work of the party .
we should strengthen supervision and inspection of the implementation of the regulations on the appointment of cadres , severely punish acts in violation of the regulations on the use of cadres , and resolutely check unhealthy trends and corrupt phenomena in the use of cadres .
the system of putting people under serious violation of the regulations to supervise and investigate , and the intensity of supervision and handling of the cases has been increased .
establish and improve the system for investigating and affixing responsibility for the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres , and scientifically define the main body responsible for various links in the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres in accordance with the principle of unanimity of power and responsibility , clearly define the methods for investigating and affixing responsibility , and intensify the investigation and affixing of the responsibility for the various links in the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres .
we should give full play to the role of supervision by the masses , establish and improve a mechanism for reporting crimes in a safe and highly efficient manner .
the role of supervision by public opinion should be brought into full play , and relevant information should be reported to the media in a timely manner to the media on the situation of the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres and to be subject to supervision by public opinion .
the opinions put forward the need to further improve the mechanism of coordination and cooperation in the work of supervising cadres .
the organization ( personnel ) departments should strengthen their cooperation with the discipline inspection organs , establish a system of supervision and management of the work of the relevant cadres in the areas of party conduct and clean government , and strengthen the joint force of supervision .
and work with the discipline inspection organs to do a good job in the inspection work , improve the inspection methods , improve the inspection system , and improve the quality of inspection .
in conjunction with auditing organs , the system of auditing leading cadres ' economic responsibilities has been seriously implemented .
we should improve the internal mechanism for selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres in the organization departments .
hong kong , macao , taiwan authorities invest in mainland china in violation of regulations
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the taiwan authorities have been responsible for economic affairs for the past four years , according to a joint statement issued by the taiwan authorities on february 15 , which is one of the top two in taiwan 's glaciers .
taiwan 's chung - kuo shih - pao reported that this was chen shui - bian 's active management of the taiwan economy and trade policy , which was opened up in a big way . the taiwan authorities imposed penalties on taiwan businessmen investing in the mainland .
it is reported that taiwan 's economic development parameters are equal to those who have been punished by unitary power , because they have violated the rules governing the relations between the two sides of the strait and the procedures for the permission of investment or technological cooperation in the mainland .
in the future , the thrust of the beating will still depend on the situation , and cao xingcheng , former chairman of the joint power company , and others will also be fined .
the spam started from the beginning of february 2005 . at that time , taiwan 's inspection and mediation department used up as many as 100 people to conduct a surprise check on the residential and office of several high - level power personnel , claiming that unitary power was suspected of providing funds and manpower resources to the mainland for investment and ship technology .
he was then chairman of the board of unp , cao xingcheng publicly said that unicom had not violated any regulations of the taiwan authorities , and that it was the long - term interest of unitary power to provide assistance to liverpool . if unitom did not enter the mainland market as soon as possible , it would lose business opportunities .
after that , the taiwan authorities ' financial supervisory and management committee , in violation of the relevant regulations on commercial information disclosure , imposed a fine of nt $ 3 - million on joint electric power .
on 9 january 2006 , the board of directors of the unita corporation accepted cao xingcheng 's resignation . cao xingcheng was detained for several hours after being suspected of violating the regulations on mainland investment .
the joint telecom and the taiwan microelectronics company ( hereinafter referred to as the trothermal power of taiwan ) and the taiwan - made glittering power are the leading enterprises of high - tech industries in taiwan .
the taiwan authorities have made a series of actions to investigate and deal with the united power company over the past year , which have attracted great attention from all circles in taiwan .
hong kong , march 2 ( xna ) the second largest race in macao , which i am in my heart , has conferred on all chinese worldwide .
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the second paradise of macao , which is in my heart , was held in beijing on the 17th , according to a report from the macao special administrative region of china , which is the most important item in macao .
this is the first time that the macao foundation and the department - hualien literature publishing house have jointly held a series of activities , including the chinese writers association vice chairman chen jiangong .
in 2004 , the fifth anniversary of macao 's return to the motherland was the first macao expedition in my heart , the first ever to hold the macao essay essay race in macao . the chinese literature and art lovers at home and abroad responded positively to the participation of more than 8,000 entries , and more than 10 award winners were invited to the macao sar to receive the awards .
wu zhiliang , executive member of the macao foundation , said at a press conference on 17 july that last year , macao 's historical circle was classified as a world cultural heritage list . this not only means that the macao people 's long - term way of life and the pattern of community management have received the approval of the world , but also means that the chinese nation 's traditional culture of inclusiveness and friendliness has been passed on and developed in the macao sar . the macao government will decide on
mr ng said it was precisely under such a good cultural atmosphere that the macao foundation and the department of arts and crafts publishing house " the live - in - the - sea version " decided to cooperate again , hold the second - round chinese - in - the - mouth marsh race in macao , and hope that through their works they will display their patriotic love for macao , their unique cultural flavor , the stability and prosperity of the macao special administrative region , and the vibrant
according to presentations , the competition was closed on 1 september this year , and the " paperwork exterior " will open a special column to select the entries .
the results of the assessment will be announced in early 2007 in the macao sar .
shandong successfully implemented a diary cardiovascular operation
xinhua news agency , jinan , february 17 , xianqin zhang , xianqing , xianqin , jinan military region 's blood - control disease research institute , recently successfully carried out an infant heart transplant operation .
this reporter learned from the center of graveyard on 17 july that the 55 - day - old babies were full of face , all the monitoring and inspection indexes were normal , and they were steadily passing the critical period of the operation , and were playing with great interest the toys bought by medical personnel .
the medical team , which was the first to be treated , said the patient was sent to hospital by his parents when he was sent to the hospital .
the heart transplant surgery was the most difficult , most difficult , most complicated surgery .
in particular , the number of infant heart transplant operations under one year old is still empty in china .
the jinan military region 's blood disease research institute organized experts to repeatedly appraise the incident , carefully designed the surgery and post - operation protective plan , and made independent innovations in the method of blood tubes and conducted experiments on animals .
on 28 december 2005 , the surgery formally began .
the heart of the body was found in a cardiovascular disease caused by the breathing of a congenital lung .
the operation should be in line with six blood vessels , and the seal of over 510 injections should be over 3 millimeters per dip .
the surgery was successfully performed after 295 minutes .
the state administration of safety supervision : check the occurrence of major and extraordinarily serious accidents , such as coal mines ,
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the four major accidents in which people were killed or injured in a row over a year ago have caused a great number of accidents in the country 's production safety , and have caused the serious accidents of the mining of china to be the most important task in the national safety supervision work .
the reporter learned from the state administration of production safety on 17 july that to truly check the occurrence of major accidents such as coal mines and other coal mines , the top priority of coal mines is to do so .
this year , the general administration of safety supervision and management of coal mines will do a good job in the following three things :
the bell continues to be good at tackling the problem .
the vas treatment will take the lead in taking care of the situation before taking it .
if golese mine is not implemented , it will take the lead and take the lead , and will order it to immediately stop production according to law .
the trend of economic restructuring continues to be well consolidated and closed down .
we should make sure that the 5243 items that have been publicly announced to the public , and the more than 700 mines that have recently been reported in various localities , are closed to death .
we should take the closure as a regular task , and continually close down those enterprises that do not have safety conditions that damage resources .
strengthen the basic management of coal mine safety .
we should immediately correct the practice of stopping the slide of the large state - owned mines and establish a standardized safety management system for small mines that guide and manage the disorderly situation .
in particular , we must pay attention to key state - owned coal mines , and we must not allow overcapacity to overtake the production of super - strong coal mines .
this year 's production safety production control index requires that the number of deaths of all types of accidents nationwide will be reduced by 3-3 percent over last year , and coal mines will drop by 3.5 percent .
ten people were killed or more than 10 others , and the number of accidents dropped by 55.7 percent .
these control indexes have been issued to all provincial - level people 's governments , and all localities are implementing the control at the grass - roots level and enterprises at every level .
statistics show that in 2005 , 5986 people were killed in the coal mine accident , a decrease of 0.779 percent compared with the same period last year .
however , the number of accidents involving more than 10 people killed in one incident was rising , and the number of deaths increased by 66.66 percent over the same period last year .
( international ) barroso calls for dialogue on kosovo 's future status
xinhua news agency , belgrade , february 17 ( reporter he yi ) - pristina , eu commission president romano barroso said on the 17 th in pristina , capital of kosovo , that he hopes the parties concerned will make compromise and preparations in the future status negotiations , and make efforts to ultimately establish a democratic and multi - ethnic integration kosovo .
the two sides also exchanged views on the development of bilateral relations .
he also stressed that the eu commission would do its best to help kosovo 's development .
barroso also expressed his appreciation for kosovo 's ongoing eight - point proposal on the implementation of the eight standards set by the united nations .
he held that the implementation of these standards is a key factor affecting the integration of kosovo and europe .
he also called on all serbian people in kosovo to join the organizations of kosovo in an effort to achieve democracy and the integration of the nationalities .
barroso arrived in the capital of kosovo on the same day for a one - day visit .
earlier , barroso visited croatia and serbia and montenegro and will also visit macedonia 's luzinia and bosnia - herzegovina .
( winter olympics , doping agents ) news analysis : the leava incident may be unsettled .
duin , february 17 ( xinhua ) the leverage of the leava incident may be unsettled
xinhua news agency reporter gao ying
although italy has repeatedly claimed that the turin winter olympics was uncovered by the use of stimulant athletes , they may face the trauma of the prisons , but judging from various circumstances , this situation is not very likely to occur in the first doping scandal in the winter olympics , the main part of the doping scandal of the russian federation 's first stimulant , the two - point scandal of the winter games , the player of the russian athletes .
the turin winter olympic games broke the first case of stimulant since the opening of the games on 16 june . o ' levera was uncovered and used many banned medicines .
the international olympic committee announced the following day that it had sent plywa out of the winter olympics , and she received a winter - time two - kilometer personal medal in the winter olympics .
the international winter season two league made a special announcement on the same day to ban the bands for two years .
the international olympic committee has been laying down that athletes have been uncovered by the use of stimulants in the olympic games , and will be removed from their achievements and be deprived of their qualification for the games , but will not be subject to legal sanctions .
however , according to italian law , athletes who carry and use stimulants are criminal acts , and the judiciary has the right to directly arrest and investigate and use stimulant athletes who are still facing three months to three years of imprisonment .
in december last year , the international olympic committee and the italian government , after a year of negotiations , finally reached an agreement on price cuts . both sides agreed to handle the issue of athletes using stimulants in accordance with the italian law during the winter games .
through the unremitting efforts of the international olympic committee , italy has made concessions four days before the opening of the winter olympic games , pledging that the police would not enter the olympic village to search the place of athletes ' presence during the winter olympics , but the dispensated athletes will still be subject to investigation by italian procuratorial organs .
it is reported that the italian government supervises the turin winter olympic games , peres , has sent levera 's stimulant to duin 's procuratorial organs .
however , the international olympic committee and petersburg himself have not yet confirmed the incident .
russia 's winter - time team , andrew demirev , revealed at noon on 17 november that the siemens had left dushin and returned to china .
he once served as a member of the chinese sports official , who has been working in the world 's anti - doping agency for many years , and believed that once he sent his leavers back to china , this incident would eventually be unsettled .
shi said the ioc and the italian government have made a great contribution to the anti - doping agent issue at the winter olympic games . even if the italian procuratorial organ really intervenes in the matter , it would be difficult to say .
in the past , italy used stimulant cases to punish athletes in its own country , and the most important punishment given by the banned is just two years of imprisonment suspended .
therefore , the italian anta news agency senior reporter leiya said that the possibility of sending leava to prison is extremely high , and that is , fine .
pierre also said that although the italian court could be held in a absence , italian police could not send leavers back to prison abroad .
if they send their leavers to refuse to accept the verdict , italy will not get her to the court .
the new epidemic site continues to be the world 's top - level disease prevention and control center
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the avian flu virus has further spread on the african continent , according to a xinhua news agency report .
the world health organization confirmed on 17 november that three areas in egypt had been found dead from bird flu virus .
in europe , france also discovered the five - shaped bird flu virus for the first time , while europe was highly vigilant and strengthened preventive measures .
the who 's regional advisor to the eastern mediterranean region , hassan bush , told the press in egypt on 17 november that currently three regions in cairo , central egypt , and three regions in minya in the south have discovered the deadly bird flu virus of the richter type 1 virus , and the relevant departments of the egyptian government have started to slaughter suspected poultry .
experts point out that egypt is a major country in the middle east and north africa where migratory birds can move into the country .
egypt has announced that it will ban imports of live poultry from other countries and strengthen quarantine work at border ports .
the cameroon capital of jaywala has been in the past week with more than 800 chickens killed .
cameroon has decided to suspend the production of all poultry from nigeria , which has been hit by the avian flu epidemic , and suspend all poultry and related products in the markets along the two countries ' borders .
the cameroon government has also built a comprehensive social and economic monitoring network covering the entire country , the basde center and the national veterinary laboratory are in an emergency state to facilitate the development of the disease , which has already been carried out at any time .
in europe , denmark and sweden , the epidemic was initially excluded on 17 november .
the swedish veterinary institute released a report on the results of the test of the dead swans found on wednesday , indicating that swedish swans had no avian flu virus .
the danish national veterinary authority also found that the virus had been found in danish territory of 30 dead swans and no virus was infected .
however , the agriculture department said denmark still could not take it lightly .
romania in eastern europe has already experienced nine bird flu outbreaks since the beginning of this year , and world health organization experts said in bucharest on 17 july that virtually all areas in the danube delta region have bird flu , and that romania may be constantly threatened by avian flu in the next three or five years .
in bangladesh , the government has taken all necessary measures to prevent avian flu .
the government 's domestic and livestock service bureau has provided the relevant officials with books on the prevention of avian influenza and has also organized poultry farmers to train them .
( selected newspaper and periodical ) china 's first sharing blood information management system completed in zhejiang
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the first chinese - owned blood data management and control network , which has been officially established and put into use in the center , has been officially completed and put into use recently , according to the blood center of zhejiang province .
a relevant person in charge of the blood center in zhejiang said that this means that any citizen will be able to take blood for blood donation from any county ( city ) in zhejiang province in the future , and that there will be a unique coding record . when he is throwing blood , he can only enter the relevant blood coding records and the blood - wording blood - blood blood blood blood donation record as long as he input the relevant blood codes .
the responsible person further explained that if the relevant coding records are input , the system will show that the insolvent separation period has not yet come , and will indicate that it does not conform to the conditions for blood donation .
this will not only protect the health of the donors themselves , but also effectively protect the health and safety of the blood carriers .
in addition , when the blood supply is tight , the donors and their relatives have the right to use blood first , and as long as you get the valid documents of blood donors , you can immediately show the information of blood donors and make it very convenient .
according to a report in hangzhou 's " today morning news , " the information system has now been put into use in all 36 blood transfusion organizations in the province , and the blood resources of all blood transfusion organizations in the province can also be shown in real time , thus realizing the data sharing across the province .
to prevent the recurrence of landslide in the philippines , 11 villages in the philippines have been evacuated in an emergency .
manila , february 18 ( xinhua ) the philippines has been building a new village in the eastern part of the philippines to prevent the recurrence of similar landslides , local officials said on friday .
officials from the southern lease province of lisbon said on the same day that the villagers had a sharp contrast to the landslide on the 17th , and they had similar characteristics .
the 11 villages that have been evacuated will be relocated to seven evacuated centers .
lyris said : the government yesterday ordered residents to evacuate , and today they sent people to inspect these villages , because some people do not want to leave their homes .
the mountain slide on 17 july occurred in the southern city of santorum sodium in southern lesotho , where the pictures showed that the soil and rocks have been buried by the entire village and can only see several roofs .
as the soil is very thick and thin , it is very humid , the people buried below can survive very uncertain hope .
at present , 109 people have been killed and 57 others have been rescued .
it is estimated that the number of deaths caused by the accident may reach as high as 1,800 .
( situation of overseas chinese in southern fujian province , quanzhou , jan. 1 , 2003 ) the export volume of southern fujian 's overseas chinese township grew 35.22 percent year - on - year in the first month of this year
fuzhou , february 19 ( xinhua ) the total amount of foreign trade in quanzhou city in january this year continued to maintain a high - speed growth .
according to customs statistics , in january quanzhou realized exports of 330 - million us dollars , the best record in history , an increase of 35.22 percent over the same period last year , higher than the average growth of the whole province .
according to analysis by the quanzhou city foreign economic and trade bureau , the main reason for the high - speed growth of quanzhou 's foreign trade in january was because of the many measures of the foreign trade support service in quanzhou . the enterprises ' enthusiasm for export is high , the economic operation in quanzhou is active , the business confidence of enterprises is strengthened , and the highly efficient and unimpeded foreign trade development environment is being created .
