the number of cases reported to princess dianda was stolen by two mobile phones which were recorded as a result of investigation .
london , jan 6 , 2007
the london daily express said that the two diana crown princess , who was in the death investigation of the paris car accident in 1997 , were put on a computer by the former metropolitan police chief .
the report pointed out that this theft case has triggered people speculation that the computer may have hidden a computer composed of the former metropolitan police chief , sir stenton stevens .
however , a metropolis police spokesman said that the computer did not have any sensitive information or contact with the investigation .
sir steiger is a member of the british nobel institute of police , and his office is in the area of the thai enkhbun .
the report said that the nissan baya police officers had been looking for two theft cases in the past 10 days .
a fire broke out at the weekend from january 28 to 29 , including computers and cash , and the second theft occurred last week , leaving no loss .
the namibian police also said there was no evidence showing that the two cases were related to the jazz .
he has been looking for the concubine 's cause of death , not because he directly caused the accident .
the corpse of the royal family 's corpse , bogus , issued an order in 2004 to continue the investigation of the relevant evidence .
princess diana was born on august 31 , 1997 in a tunnel accident in paris , where she died together with her .
after two years of investigation , the french police believed that the man was killed and a man was injured when he drove into the car and took drugs .
the two sides agreed to hold talks in geneva in late june
afp , lun po , july 7 ,
the international community should be concerned about the peace process , norway said , adding that sri lanka 's war groups agreed to hold talks in geneva on the 22 nd of this month , defusing the situation in which all parties are still stagnating for three years to come in a bid to end the racial bloody conflicts that have lasted for decades .
norwegian peace envoy solheim held talks with the tiger group of the liberation tiger of tanjug in london , and won this breakthrough .
the norwegian embassy in beijing said in a statement that the conflicts in sri lanka were one of the major causes of the conflict between the sri lankan government and the tamil eelam liberation tiger , and urged the norwegian government to assist in negotiations in the two days of february 22 in geneva .
the two - day talks will focus on how to strengthen the ceasefire agreement to come into force on 23 february 2002 , and this agreement has never been fully observed by both sides .
the norwegian embassy said the two sides will discuss how to improve the ceasefire agreement , which is also the first time in three years that the two sides have held face - to - face negotiations at such a high level .
solheim said he will lead the norwegian team to participate in the negotiations and four of the representatives from the liberation tiger group of tamil eelam led by baradhan and the sri lankan government will lead the army by health minister .
he said : this is the road leading to peace , but an important step is that the process of negotiations will be difficult .
the first time the ethnic conflict in sri lanka was settled in march 2003 , the first one in face - to - face negotiations was held in japan , but the tamil eelam liberation tiger organization cancelled the original schedule of the seventh round of talks to be held in thailand in april 2003 .
du lin 's north - south korean team join hands in winter olympics
italy , jan 10 , 2007 ( afp )
the 20 th winter olympics opened today in dulin , and the cold war period was a joint event between south korea and north korea , and the two teams joined hands in the opening ceremony .
south korean woman 's skating competitor li baora and north korean man 's singer han zhengjen were respectively the two teams ' top - level officials , leading the north korean team to enter the winter olympics games .
this is the olympic team from south korea and north korea , and the first time they joined hands in the winter olympics .
to reflect the changes in the two sides ' efforts to build a harmonious and united spirit over the past few years , the 2005 sydney olympics and the 2004 summer olympics will be held in the same direction as the north korean team .
north korea did not participate in the first session of the 19 th winter olympics held in salt lake , the united states .
the korean peninsula was split in 1948 into a northern korean peninsula practicing capitalism and communism , and the two sides had fought in a hostile manner during the korean war from 1950 to 1953 .
north korea leader won the peace summit in 2000 , and bilateral relations improved .
according to tradition , the greek team is the first one to enter , and among the 80 countries participating in the competition , south korea is the 22 nd north korea , which is the 23 rd country .
the landlord , the national yi yi group , is the last one to enter , and when the uprising was in progress , the sports arena immediately received warm cheers and applause from the front .
hefman has been caught by the drug and has come to realize in good time the cause of performing arts
new york , 16 th , afp
it is generally acknowledged that it is the best hope to win the title of this year oscar emperor , the movie emperor kolito : the male princess , the mother of the white family , the filipino , has revealed that he was unable to extricate himself from drugs and wine when he was little a year . luckily , he was able to successfully launch his own performing career peak .
in an interview with cbs news magazine 60 minutes , holman lamented that the period of time , in order to obtain drugs and wine , was indeed unscrupulous .
he was only 20 , and just started from the drama department of new york university , and entered a splendid society , and daily living rhythm quickly roared , finally turning him into a mess and lost control .
he was a young man at the taeht - out center at 22 years old and had alcohol and drug - trafficking habits there , and that was the most panic period in his life .
the upcoming olympic games will be held next month , and the award will be given to the american writer , mr kostoopouth , who is a movie player , mr kozyrov , who is considered the best hope to win the championship .
before this , his superb performance was confirmed long ago and has won recognition from many prizes , including a gold ball prize , the best male lead .
this 38 - year - old actor said during the interview that if he had not made a painful decision before becoming famous , he might not be able to get rid of bad habits , and he might not be able to get the osta nominations .
he said he envied those young men who were 19 years old and suddenly became famous .
bird flu trails around europe 's naira , nigeria
brussels , jan 16 , 2007 ( afp )
the spread of avian influenza has been occurring in europe , causing people to be panic .
the european commission 's executive committee passed the re - establishment of the jurisdiction of the discovery of viral countries and the management of all poultry and bio - trade .
the deadly strain of h5n1 virus was found in nigeria on the eighth day of the discovery of the deadly virus , which has been expanding to more farms , showing that the border has already crossed the northern part of nigeria .
egyptian officials are investigating a farm in the south where a sudden mass killing of chickens was found , worrying that the virus could continue to spread .
the european markets have been affected by the virus , the big drop has been made , and the eu executive committee has stressed that there is no reason to panic .
the executive council is responsible for the health and food safety commission ( cfec ) , which is expected to be a good opportunity for the public to understand this , but there is no need for overreaction .
following the previous virus detection zone three kilometers of the surrounding areas and 10 km of warning zone , the eu executive committee has also introduced new regulations to list the european territories where viruses are discovered as buffer zone .
a person who was unwilling to be named pointed out that everyone was nervous and they had a whole day and evening to deal with the news from various parts of europe , suspected of having an outbreak of the epidemic .
so far , austria has a total of seven provinces , autonomous regions and municipalities , including austria 's estonia gaiju and russia , which have been in europe , have all appeared in the territory of kosovo , including the territory of russia , which is almost all in the country .
romania found the 31 st case on the 16 th , slovenia 's genoa and germany 's rugan island also found a new case .
the southern part of italy was found on two ducks , one of the first bird flu cases in the european region , and the other was the norwegian swan , which infected the biosurs 501 .
the eu officials are most concerned about the upcoming return of migratory birds from africa .
the nigerian government is now stepping up its work to prevent the spread of viruses in the african continent from spreading to humans .
the nigerian government announced that all the five - kilometer - long birds in the vicinity of the infected farms , no matter whether they are threatened by the virus , will be destroyed .
the government of neighboring nigeria , the country , announced that the country had entered the alert and proposed an emergency plan of 4 million us dollars to monitor the border between nigeria and nigeria .
the new national emergency committee said that they received a notice that under the circumstances of the two countries ' songly alert , nearly 400 birds were killed .
china electronics bank to set up new regulations on business management
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a special fund for the banking industry to provide the banking sector with a total of 40,000 yuan ( about 400,000 us dollars ) in the first half of this year , according to a report released by the china banking regulatory commission on tuesday .
a spokesman for the china banking regulatory commission said : according to the regulations of the management methods , the methods for examination and approval by foreign - funded financial institutions basically remain unchanged , that is , after foreign banks have obtained approval to operate internet banking business , if new types of business of internet banking services are required , the main report of the bank of china should be submitted and examined in a unified manner .
to standardize the business of commercial banks using the internet to develop banking business , the people 's bank of china formulated and promulgated the " interim procedures on managing business of internet banking " in june 2001 .
a spokesman for the china banking regulatory commission said that with the constant development of the e - banking business of commercial banks , the interim procedures no longer meet the requirements of the regulation of risks for electronic banking , and the cbrc has formulated two new regulations for this purpose .
according to a spokesman for the china banking regulatory commission , the cbrc has confirmed the quality of the safety appraisal organizations , which are different from the administrative licensing system for the purpose of making market access or enterprises qualification , and this is not a necessary condition for the assessment organizations to carry out the electronic banking safety assessment business , and it is only a reference for financial institutions to choose the evaluation organs .
as long as the safety assessment body meets the relevant requirements and requirements , even if the cbrc has not confirmed the quality of the assets , the financial institution may also engage the company to carry out an electronic banking security assessment , but it should be managed in accordance with the relevant regulations .
the " procedures for managing e - banking business " contains 99 articles in nine chapters , which are divided into two sections : general application and risk management , exchange and transfer management of outfits of outfits , operations , management of cross - border operations , supervision of legal responsibility and supplementary provisions .
the " guidelines on the evaluation of the security of electronic banking " contains 57 articles , which are divided into five categories : general manager of security assessment , department of security , implementation of safety assessment , and supplementary provisions .
the book " mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , and chen yun on investigation and research " was published and distributed .
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the " selected works of mao zedong , zhou enlai , deng xiaoping , and deng xiaoping on the investigation and study of mao zedong , zhou enlai , and deng xiaoping , " compiled by the central party literature research center , was recently published and distributed by the central party literature publishing house .
conduct in - depth investigation and study , persist in combining theory with practice , and formulate and implement the correct line , principles , and policies , which is the basic experience and basic work method of the cpc in leading the revolution .
mao zedong 's family name liu shaoqi , deng xiaoping , and others of the older generation , including deng xiaoping , expressed their views on many important and incisive expositions on the investigation and study of the problems , and they often went deep into the grass - roots to conduct social surveys and wrote many investigation reports .
the practice and results of their investigation and study are of great significance to guiding the cause of the party and the people in developing along the correct road .
the book " mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , and chen yun on investigation and study " is divided into three parts : the first part is the extracts of mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation on investigation and study , the second part is a collection of mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation on investigation and study , and the third part was the three investigation groups of mao zedong assigned in the early 1960 s and
most of the surveys were published for the first time .
two reports on the last five to sixties of the last century were also included .
russia reiterates its adherence to one - china policy
moscow , february 6 ( xinhua ) russian deputy foreign minister alekseyev met on the 6th with chinese ambassador to russia liu guchang , and reiterated russia 's adherence to the one - china stand .
alekseyev said that russia has noticed chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence .
the russian government has always adhered to the one - china principle and firmly supported china 's efforts to realize the great cause of national reunification .
last year , the chinese national people 's congress passed the " anti - secession law , " and russia took the lead in openly expressing support .
alekseyev said that the russian foreign ministry will issue a statement as soon as possible , reiterating the one - china stand and opposing the attempts of taiwan independence .
china , japan to hold third overseas chinese tour in south africa
johannesburg , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese ministry of culture and education , the chinese ministry of culture , the chinese people 's association for promoting friendship with foreign countries , was robbed by local militants in a bar in the morning of february 5 local time , local time , and died at the south african judicial capital burunan hospital in the early morning of the 6th after emergency treatment .
according to feng yang , president of the chinese federation of free state , the incident occurred at the huerkov city of wolkemma , 130 kilometers northwest of burundi .
at that time , the owner of the store , lin yixing , picked up the goods inside the bar and prepared to end the business for a day .
at this time , three customers in the store were removed , one of them was shot into the bar and robbed .
lin yixing , 40 , was fighting with the gang , and the gang members opened a gun to lin yixing and fled later .
upon hearing the news , local people rushed to the hospital where lin yixing was sent to the hospital for medical treatment . because of the thick hair seepage syndrome of mao ruthood that was filled with thin blood , the hospital died at around 3 : 30 a. m . on 6 february .
on 6 february , the chinese consulate general in jordan , xu defu , consul general of the chinese consulate general , and lin changming , vice chairman of the association of fellow countrymen in south africa , rushed to burunan to assist the family of the deceased in handling the aftermath of the incident .
lin yixing became the first man to be shot and killed by the kidnappers within 36 hours , and was also the fourth chinese who had been killed in south africa this year .
( newspaper clippings ) shanghai : part - time personnel and college graduates become the main force of work
beijing , february 7 ( xinhua ) the labor and social security bureau of shanghai released the latest issue of wages guidance price for labor and social security for 2006 , which has reached 120 , 11 more than the previous increase , and the increase in wages of original positions has been recorded .
according to a relevant expert of the labor and social security bureau of shanghai , currently , there are more than 1 million people working in shanghai .
according to a report by " china youth daily , " college graduates and part - time staff are the main components of the hour work force .
through the investigation of the nearly 8,000 - hour - long work , more than half of the people are part - time personnel , and the proportion of them is 51.11,000 .
the cultural level of part - time workers is generally higher , and they are mainly engaged in highly technical work , such as translation and part - time staff ratio as high as 81.7% , and fitness class up to 61.6 % .
high income is a result of many people engaged in the part - time work .
it is understood that individual posts can be expected to receive tens of thousands of yuan , and it will be difficult to seek a result as if they are transmitted through sound and that the monthly income of the working posts can reach more than 2,000 yuan , such as part - time finance minister ju juyi .
and to satisfy the need for individuals to become more interested in and to expand their knowledge , it is also an important reason for part - time jobs to be adorned .
for example , when a company is manager of the human resources department , he will spend a few hours every week to handle the financial accounts of a foreign representative office .
mr koo said that the biggest benefit from part - time work was to keep his knowledge updated and to have the opportunity to involve another area , of course , the income of 2,000 yuan per month also had some attraction .
as some of the hours ' jobs are low , the work style is flexible and free , and is gradually being favored by many graduates who are seeking employment , 14percent of them are graduates of secondary and tertiary institutions who have been working for nearly three years .
i did n't want to work for an hour at the beginning , but after a few months i felt i had to work well than the nine - night work of the dprk on the 9th night of the dprk .
after graduating from college , university students , huang , did not find the job as he was quite satisfied . finally , he hung his name at a hotel and used piano to play background music .
he is very satisfied with the current work , and he is very happy about the environment at an hour and 100 yuan , and what i want to do now is to find a few more hours of work .
it is understood that the work of an hour has become a work experience of some graduates who are now on job - seeking to train their skills and improve communication skills in order to increase the history of social life .
the graduates work hours mainly in knowledge and skills , and in the fields of specialization , job creation , and employment , such as translation , age - oriented performing , and the proportion of graduates in the workplace are 22.1 % and 26.8 % .
some of the work hours are required to work in a very small number of jobs , such as food promoters and lecturers , and the unemployed personnel can be employed in simple training .
the data shows that the number of unemployed workers who were originally unemployed was 39,000 , of which the proportion of unemployed personnel in retail was as high as 68.4 percent , and the proportion of food and drinks was 58.77 percent , and that the hours of work became an important channel for unemployed personnel to find jobs .
wu bangguo inspects anhui province
beijing , february 8 ( xinhua ) the chinese communist party ( cpc ) central committee political bureau standing committee , which is a standing committee member of the national people 's congress ( npc ) standing committee , recently inspected anhui province , stressed the need to take the scientific development concept as the guide , to take the overall situation of economic and social development into consideration , and to conscientiously implement the central principles and policies in light of local realities , further emancipate the mind and creatively carry out work , and constantly implement the
from 6 to 8 february , wu bangguo went to wuju hefei , and other places to go deep into enterprises ' rural areas ' scientific research institutes and colleges and universities to inspect the projects .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui has the advantage of qidaixi village , which is located in the south of qidong 's dongguan , and is an important agricultural region in china . it has rich natural resources and a relatively good industrial foundation . it has a strong scientific and educational force , its cultural and tourism resources are unique , and its development potential is enormous .
anhui should firmly seize the important opportunity of promoting the rise of central china , always persist in unwavering economic construction as the center , conscientiously implement the central authorities ' principles and policies in close connection with anhui 's actual conditions , and creatively carry out work , so as to implement the scientific development concept in concrete measures and implement it in actual work .
we should promptly sum up practical experience , fully rely on the masses , vigorously support reform and innovation , and continually create a new situation in anhui 's work .
we should actively promote the building of a harmonious society and persistently make the realization of the fundamental interests of the overwhelming majority of the people the starting point and the end - result of all our work , actively create conditions , and gradually resolve the actual problems of the masses , and gradually change the distribution relationship between urban and rural areas , gradually narrow the regional gap , and safeguard and realize social fairness and justice , so that all the people can share the fruits of reform and development .
wu bangguo stressed : china has reached the stage where we must rely more on strengthening our ability to make independent innovations and improve the quality of workers to promote economic and social development . only by vigorously promoting scientific and technological progress and innovation can we achieve a leap in the quality of productive forces and truly bring economic and social development onto the track of scientific development .
we should establish and improve systems and mechanisms that are conducive to innovation as soon as possible , increase input in science and technology , encourage patent invention , develop famous brands , speed up the transformation of scientific and technological achievements into real productive forces , strengthen the position of enterprises as the main body in independent innovation , and constantly increase the contribution rate of scientific and technological progress to economic growth .
we should support and encourage the participation of key technological elements in distribution , and establish and improve a statistical system that reflects the ability to make independent innovations , and study and formulate policies that support independent innovation in fiscal taxation and government procurement , so as to form a policy system that encourages independent innovation .
we should cultivate a sense of innovation in society , vigorously advocate the spirit of daring to innovate in competition , and strive to create a good atmosphere in which talent is coming forth in large numbers .
wu bangguo pointed out : the people 's congress has played a more and more important role in the process of ruling the country according to law and building a socialist country ruled by law .
to do a good job of the people 's congress work in the new situation , first , it is necessary to adhere to the correct political direction , unswervingly follow the path of socialist political development with chinese characteristics , and organically integrate the adherence to the party 's leadership over the people and the rule of law .
second , we should closely center our work around the overall situation of the party and state work , closely focus on major issues in reform , development , and stability , and focus on hot and difficult issues of common concern to the masses so as to continuously enhance the actual results of the work of the people 's congresses .
third , we should bring into play the characteristics and advantages of the people 's congress work , uphold democratic centralism , handle affairs according to the law in a strict manner , and make collective decisions on issues .
we should adhere to the mass line , take people as the foundation , exercise power for the people , have the people in mind , and work for the interests of the people .
china 's proposal on major scientific research plans for the next 15 years
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to increase the export of new products to china in order to enhance its international competitiveness , promote sustainable development and achieve key leaps , according to the state council 's " outline for the state 's medium @ - and long - term scientific and technological development plan ( 2006 - 2020 ) " released on the 9 th .
the four major scientific plans are the research of protein , and the research of ceramics , research and development and research of protein .
the program points out that protein science is the life science commanding height currently confronting developed countries .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on studying the re - entry of major biofuels , the cereal structure of the alcohol royce biology and its mutual role in cerebral cells and biology , and protein research , which is based on the corrosive biology and the compound functions of the cells , etc.
the outline also holds that the research of quantum control and control is of a clear perspective and may have a significant impact on the economic and social development of mankind by 2020 and 30 .
china should focus on studying the carrier of quantum communications and the principles and methods of regulation and control , calculating the quantity of the measurement , and accepting the system of limited quantum , the new principles and the new technological basis for quantitative regulation and control and measurement .
in addition , the outline points out that nanometer technology has become a strategic choice for many countries to enhance their core competitiveness and is also one of the fields for china to achieve leaping development .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on research in this field , including the control of nanotechnology materials , the manufacture and functionalization of such materials , the nanometer biology , nanometer medicine , and nanometer stery , as well as the application of nanometer materials and the microwave technologies in energy environment and the field of information technology , etc.
china 's population growth is large , birth defects are many , and there are serious shortage of transplant organs , and the aging peak is about to arrive . therefore , it is urgently necessary for china to make breakthroughs in the theory of reproductive and development and for technological innovation .
according to the outline , china will focus on research on the increase of crop cells and regulation and control of the stem cells , the maturity and retreat of human body 's reproductive functions , and the mechanism for supporting reproductive and stem cells .
shanghai 's housing price dropped by nearly 7 percentage points last year
shanghai , february 9 ( xinhua ) the shanghai municipal government will provide a comprehensive and comprehensive policy for the macro regulation and control of the real estate industry in 2005 , said the shanghai municipal government today .
according to the latest data released , shanghai 's real estate industry has clearly reduced or increased by a large margin last year .
the price of residential housing dropped 6.6 percentage points from the previous year , while the added value of the real estate industry dropped 4.1 percent .
pan jian , director of the shanghai municipal bureau of statistics , recently said at a news briefing that the average sales price of shanghai 's commercial residential housing in 2005 was 6,698 yuan per square meter , an increase of 313 yuan over 2004 .
the price level of residential sales for the whole year was 9.2 percent higher than the previous year , and the rate of increase was 6.6 percentage points lower than the same period last year .
the annual added value of the real estate industry was 67.023 billion yuan , down 4.1 percent from the previous year .
the proportion of personal housing mortgage loans in the total loan balance of the banking institutions was 264.494 - billion yuan , and the increase was only 9.94 - billion yuan , while the increase in loans in 2004 reached 728.09 - billion yuan .
pan jianxin said : judging from the shanghai real estate sales prices for the whole year , the prices of commercial housing sales have been steadily declining .
the statistics also show that according to the latest data , in 2005 , the real estate price increase in shanghai dropped somewhat , and the average sales price of residential housing was 66,698 yuan per square meter , up 313 yuan over the previous year .
the total sales price of houses throughout 2005 was 9.79 percent higher than the previous year , and the rate of increase was 6.2 percentage points lower than that of the previous year .
he said : last year , shanghai municipality completed a total of 124.686 - billion yuan in real estate development , an increase of 6.1 percent over the previous year .
the sales area of the plant was 315.887 million square meters , a drop of 9.5 percent .
the total sales of commercial properties for the whole year were 216.13 billion yuan , down 4.5 percent from the previous year .
two light aircraft crashed in new zealand
wellington , february 9 ( xinhua ) two new zealand light aircraft crashed in the northern part of wellington , about 100 kilometers north of the capital city of wellington , causing the death of two pilots of the flight academy .
according to a relevant responsible official of the local civil aviation department , the two pilots on board were all members of the flight college of maxi university . they were still undergoing training and had not obtained any flight license .
at the time of the incident , the two planes were in a non - air control zone . according to regulations , the pilots should be responsible for the navigation and safety of the aircraft during their flight in such a zone .
a witness at the scene of the accident told the new zealand media that he had heard a huge explosion sound and looked at the plane 's rapid plunging into the ground .
another eyewitness also confirmed that a report on the explosion of a plane was heard before the crash and that a plane was crashed .
the cause of the collision is not clear , and the local civil aviation department will conduct an investigation on this .
argentina 's overseas chinese condemn chen shui - bian 's remarks on taiwan independence
xinhua news agency , buenos aires , february 8 ( reporter cao yu ) a delegation of overseas chinese and chinese nationals of chinese origin in argentina issued a solemn statement on the 8th , strongly condemning chen shui - bian 's recent speech on taiwan independence , and opposing any attempt to split taiwan from china .
the statement said that chen shui - bian 's speech on 29 january declared that he would abolish the nuc and the council of states of america , which is a step taken by the council to declare taiwan independence .
compatriots on both sides of the strait are longing for peace and the desire of taiwan compatriots for peace and development will face severe challenges .
the statement pointed out that it is resolutely opposed to and curbed the separatist activities of taiwan independence forces and safeguarding peace and stability in the taiwan strait region , and this is still the most urgent task for the compatriots on both sides of the strait and the chinese people all over the world .
the statement stressed that the argentine council for the promotion of china 's peaceful reunification is willing to join hands with all chinese in argentina who uphold the one - china principle , resolutely oppose all forms of taiwan independence , and actively promote china 's peaceful reunification .
prc expert : us preaching military threat to china unjustifiable accusation
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will continue to support the u.s. congress in its bid to raise its defense budget for the first time , according to a report on the four - year defense assessment , which was officially submitted to congress on february 9 .
experts believe that this is a groundless accusation against china 's normal national defense building , exaggerating the china military threat theory , and interfering in china 's internal affairs .
the " report on the evaluation of defense affairs for the four years " is a new defense guiding document of the pentagon .
this 92 - page report used three sections to explain china 's military strength and the countermeasures that the united states should adopt , and the report directly mentioned the military power of china or the mir of china , which directly served as a major and emerging country , and said that as a major and emerging power , china has the greatest potential for conducting military competition with the united states , and if the united states does not have countermeasures , china will very likely develop its military superiority , thus breaking the traditional us military
the chinese academy of military sciences ' world military research department researcher yao yunzhu said : although senior us officials had expressed similar views many times before , this was the first time that the united states proposed in its armenian strategic report that china is one of the emerging powers that may most possibly pose a military challenge to the united states .
for the first time , the report clearly regards russia as a new strategic opponent , especially the so - called " china threat theory " , as a new strategic opponent .
peng guangqian , research fellow of the chinese academy of military sciences , said :
it is worth noting that in the " four - year defense evaluation report , " the same day , us president bush also submitted a report on the 2007 fiscal year 's government budget , including the defense budget reaching $ 43.9 - billion .
if the united states wants to carry out military operations in iraq and afghanistan , the us budget for fiscal 2007 will exceed $ 500 billion .
peng guangqian said : the united states ' fabrication of the theory of another country reflects the consistent style of the pentagon to create an enemy , and its real purpose is to strive for more defense funds and to draw more profits for the us munitions industry .
experts said that compared with the huge us military spending , china 's defense spending is quite limited .
he has attended many times the military expert deng hongzhou , who has participated in the drafting of china 's national defense white paper , said : since the 1990 's , with economic development , china 's national defense spending has increased somewhat , but the overall proportion of the national financial expenditure in the same period has shown a declining trend .
official data show that compared with 1979 , china 's defense spending accounts for over 50 percent of the national financial expenditure in the same period .
china 's defense spending in 2005 was 244.656 billion yuan , only about one - fourth of the us , and the per capita military spending of the us was only about one - sixth of the us , and the per capita military spending of the military was about one - thirds of the us military spending .
the size of the united states and the territory of china are roughly equal , but the difference in military spending is so big . who is the military force that goes beyond the proper defense needs , and this is self - evident .
peng guangqian said :
the research department of the china arms control and disarmament association , director teng jianqun , said that the us side should objectively assess the situation of china 's military construction , and that china 's peaceful development does not mean that china and the united states will become military adversaries in the future .
the " china 's national defense in 2004 " white paper says that china firmly follows the path of peaceful development and practices a defensive national defense policy .
china has never been able to make any threat to any country in the past or now .
so far , china has not established any military bases in any other country , nor has it sent a single soldier to other countries , while the united states has over 100 military bases overseas , and has deployed more than 100,000 troops in asia alone .
professor zhu feng of the beijing university international relations college said : china and the united states should increase communication and exchanges through the established channels , enhance understanding and mutual trust , and comprehensively advance the sino - us constructive and cooperative relations in the new century in a joint effort to promote the maintenance of world peace and development .
( winter olympics ) the opening ceremony of the turin winter olympics will be excited
turin , february 9 ( xinhua ) the 20th session of the winter olympics will be held at the local time on the evening of the 10th , at 8 : 00 p.m . local time , to officially open the mysterious veil on the olympic games .
on 9 july , the organizing committee of the duling winter olympics committee disclosed to reporters a splendid arrangement for the opening ceremony .
regarding the opening ceremony , the organizing committee chairman , jason karasili , was very confident , at a press conference , he said that the opening ceremony , which cost up to 10 million euros , has attracted top italian talent in all fields .
he said : the night of 10 may will be unforgettable , and the 350,000 viewers in the meeting hall and the tv audience around 2 - billion in the world will see the opening ceremony , which is full of intense emotions .
the fierce flames of emotion , which brightly resemble the five - piece peace and the white snow and milk cattle of the alps will appear at the opening ceremony to introduce the director 's introduction of the passion and the italian type of talent will become the theme of the opening ceremony , and the largest cosmopolitan exhibition in history , he will show to the italian people the fervent cultural style and vitality of the long - standing cultural olympics
famous italian designer amani specially designed the clothes for the opening ceremony , famous italian fashion brand , morgan ino , will provide a gift to the athletes at the ceremony .
however , the famous italian male voice palajitti will sing a song at the opening ceremony , and the organizing committee will keep this suspense in the final .
eight people who could spray flames will use three meters of glimpse to show that the burning passion is a great cause of the flames , and they will fly through the scene several times at a speed of 70 km .
the official of the organizing committee held that this was the most satisfactory creative performance they had shown at the opening ceremony .
regarding the question of how to ignite the main torch , the organizing committee did not reveal it advance , but the main torch tower , as high as 57 meters , will light the turbulent and the residents on the nearby alps .
white house announces bush 's visit to pakistan and india in march as planned
washington , february 9 ( xinhua ) the united states has decided to grant a visa to the united states to grant a visa to the islamic world , a white house spokesman said on february 9 , despite the blasphemy of islamic prey mohammad 's comic painting in the islamic world .
mcclellan said that bush is looking forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he also said that he is now making arrangements for this visit .
mcclellan made the above remarks when he held various demonstrations in some areas of pakistan to protest against the blasphemy of islamic predecessors mohammad .
in january this year , bush met with pakistani prime minister aziz at the white house , and both sides expressed the need to strengthen friendly cooperation to jointly crack down on terrorism that endangers the security of the two countries .
bush also said that at the invitation of the pakistan and indian governments , he will pay a visit to pakistan and india in march .
hamas to form cabinet to seek breakthroughs
rammal ana , february 9 ( xinhua ) hamas has formed a cabinet to seek a breakthrough
xinhua news agency , beijing , sept . 23 ,
the palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) won the election of the legislative council , and how to skeptical the blueprint of the new government has become the focus of attention in the international community at present .
what kind of new policy will hamas pursue will directly affect the relevant parties in the peace process and the next step of the policy orientation of the parties concerned .
at the same time , the resistance of the united states and israel has added variables to the prospects of the hamas government .
at present , all sides in palestine are stepping up consultations to discuss the issue of forming a cabinet involving the difficulties and sensitive points in future development .
the prime minister 's post will bloom and who will be ?
after hamas won the right to form the cabinet , some people in the outside worried that the current top leader of hamas might have differences with abbas .
moreover , hamas leaders , who are currently visiting egypt , have stressed that the new palestinian government led by hamas will not recognize israel , and this hard - line signal has also intensified international concerns .
the united states and israel have clearly indicated that they will not accept a hamas government , which is in charge of actual power , and threatened to suspend economic aid to palestine and hand over taxes to the palestinian side .
however , this does not prevent hamas from making flexible strategic adjustments , and the candidate for independence is a compromise policy .
it has been reported that in order to obtain the international recognition to the maximum , the hamas leaders at home and abroad who had gathered in egypt recently decided to elect the president of the islamic university of egypt ja'alemar alekar al-jaber al-hahadi as the new prime minister .
this move has not yet been responded by the parties concerned .
palestinian analyst hussein said that no matter who the prime minister 's position is , the most crucial thing is that the prime minister should try as much as possible to lessen the hard - liner color of hamas , and only by so doing will it be possible to ensure the success of the cabinet .
how should power distribution be distributed ?
internally , the biggest challenge confronting hamas in forming its cabinet is that it lacks sufficient governing experience .
the palestinian " al-jazirah " carried an analysis saying that hamas has assembled people through social welfare projects , but it lacks experience in governance and has a profound relationship with the palestinian national liberation movement ( fatah ) , which has experience in governing .
hamas proposed a package of diplomatic relations with fatah after the election to jointly establish a national coalition government , but fatah has not given a positive response to this .
at present , there are still many opinions on whether to enter the cabinet . one faction advocates participation in the new government , thus doing some things , while the other faction refuses hamas 's invitation , is willing to make active efforts in the legislative yuan .
the informed source pointed out that under abbas 's advice , fatah is gradually inclined to join the new government .
even so , hamas and fatah will also hold consultations on the distribution of cabinet posts .
another way is to establish a framework of legislative council to dissolve the party 's cabinet .
it has been reported that hamas has also designed a clean and expert - type government , but the specific list is unknown .
in view of the us and israel ' attitude , the technology expert - type government is also not necessarily a form of forming a cabinet to reduce external pressure .
according to the palestinian " basic law , " the new legislative yuan will nominate the prime minister and form the cabinet after it takes office on 16 february . the work of forming the cabinet will be completed within three weeks and five weeks .
how can the armed forces go ?
the weapons in hamas are another major thorny issue confronting the formation of the new government .
the united states and israel have adopted a very tough attitude and resolutely demanded that hamas give up violence and refuse to take part in politics with guns .
hamas leader mahmud stressed on 9 april that armed resistance is the strategic choice of the organization .
the issue of armed forces actually includes the legality of weapons and the management of armed forces .
hamas 's election through democracy and freedom was won by the international community by the first major party of the legislature , and the armed factions under it were likewise legalized to bring them into the government security organs .
hamas once proposed to unify all the factions into palestinian national authority , the people 's army , but it did not receive a broad response , and it was also met with criticism by the palestinian islamic jihad ( jihad ) .
palestine now has over 60,000 security personnel , and the majority of them are from the fatah camp .
moreover , fatah has some other subordinate armed factions that have loosened their organizational relations , such as the akacha martyr brigadier general juju , etc.
hamas , which is responsible for forming the cabinet , must hold negotiations with abbas on how to manage these armed forces that are of their own accord , and rationally distribute the security and management powers .
according to local media reports , abbas intends to take charge of security and intelligence units , police and civil defense organizations , and other organizations , and the interior ministry of the new government will be under the control of the interior ministry .
however , all sides are still holding consultations on this sensitive issue , and so far there is no next item .
china issues first polar investigation report
beijing , february 10 ( xinhua ) chinese state oceanic administration ( sepa ) recently released a " china ultra survey report 2005 " , which is the first high - tech research project in china since it launched its polar scientific survey activities over 20 years ago .
the " report " fully reflects the results of the 2005 polar scientific inspection of china , and the scientific research of the polar field of logistics support , the major progress and results of the scientific research .
according to the " report , " at 2215 hours on 9 january 2005 ( beijing time ) , china antarctic inspected the inland icecap inspection team and successfully landed on the highest plateau ice - covered area in the antarctic , and reached the highest - altitude level of the arctic ocean , at 3:15 on 18 january , at beijing time , at 4093 meters .
while competition is becoming increasingly fierce in the international arena , shen ju , a strong will and dauntless spirit of the chinese people , who is brave in opening up new fields , first of all , conducted a discussion on the impact of the highest iceberg in the south and realized another dream of mankind in the antarctic .
sun zhihui , director of the state oceanic administration , said :
the " report " shows that on 24 march 2005 , the 21st antarctic expedition team of china successfully completed its mission to return to shanghai . the current inspection tour lasted 151 days and the flight distance was 2,6500 nautical miles .
on 18 november of the same year , the 22 nd chinese antarctic expedition team left shanghai and went to the antarctic zhongshan station to conduct scientific examinations , and left the zhongshan station before the end of february 2006 and will return to shanghai via australia .
since it was the first polar investigation report issued by china , the " 2005 china polar inspection report " also set a new and higher standard for china 's polar exploration undertaking that started in the early 1980 s .
according to the " report , " china formally joined the " treaty of the antarctic " in 1983 and became a member of the organization of the antarctic treaty . it has successively become the most influential member of the council of directors of the south pole science research committee and a member of the organization of the antarctic affairs .
in 1997 , china became a member of the arctic science committee and won the right to speak and to make policy decisions in international polar affairs .
the " report " points out that over the past 20 - plus years , china 's extreme spot inspection has been endless , and has been developing continuously . the first batch of the three stations has formed a scientific research system of nanji [ north ] , which is : the southern pole station established in february 1985 , the south pole station established in february 1989 , and the arctic station established in july 2004 . the arctic station of the huang he and the xiulong polar ocean started
according to the " report , " by the end of 2005 , china had organized 22 antarctic scientific research meetings , with the participation of the suez julie , the crafts of the sailors , as the suite of the sailors , on the arctic ocean station . so far more than 3,000 inspection personnel from the whole country have gone to the north pole to conduct on - the - site inspection .
currently , we are working on the establishment of the third antarctic observation station , and is also the first inland observation station in the antarctic .
sun zhihui said :
after more than 20 years of effort , china 's polar exploration cause has been very important in the world 's extreme observation , but it is very much better to do with other major polar countries , and we must catch up with them .
he said .
sun zhihui revealed that china will publish an annual report on the polar survey .
castro meets chinese president on bilateral ties beijing , june 26
havana , february 10 ( xinhua ) the cuban president of the council of state , castro , met with visiting chinese state councilor chen zhili on the 10th with cuban president aleksander castro , and both sides expressed their willingness to constantly strengthen mutually beneficial cooperation in education , science and technology , and other fields .
president castro warmly welcomed state councilor chen zhili on his visit to cuba .
he said : cuba - china relations are very friendly , with frequent high - level visits , which have effectively promoted and strengthened friendship and mutual understanding between the two sides , and hoped that the two countries will continue to deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in various fields , including education and science and technology .
chen zhili said : cuba is one of the countries with important influence in latin america and the caribbean region .
the friendly exchanges between the chinese and cuban peoples date back to ancient times .
cuba is the first latin american country to establish diplomatic relations with new china .
after entering the new century , with the concern and promotion of the leaders of the two countries , the two countries have deepened political mutual trust , expanded the spheres of cooperation , and supported and cooperated with each other in international affairs , thus entering a new period of comprehensive development in sino - cuban friendly relations .
she believed that with the joint efforts of both sides , sino - cuban friendly cooperation will certainly produce more fruitful results .
chen also pointed out that the chinese government has always attached importance to exchanges and cooperation with cuba in the educational field .
in recent years , the two countries have increasingly conducted educational exchanges and frequently exchanged personnel .
china actively supports the international conference held by cuba and sent a delegation to attend the previous world higher education conference and the 2005 anti - illiteracy conference .
cuba 's basic education level is very high , and it is hoped that relevant experience will be further strengthened in the future .
chen said that china and cuba have achieved fruitful results in scientific and technological research and development , and that the two countries can achieve a win - win result through cooperation in many fields .
the chinese side has provided cuba with some scientific research facilities this time , hoping to play a positive role in cuban scientific research and production .
she also briefed castro on china 's strategy of rejuvenating the country through science and education and the national science and technology conference .
chen arrived in cuba on a visit on 9 february local time at the invitation of the cuban government .
during this period , chen zhili met with vilino , minister of the cuban ministry of higher education , and inspected the university of havana university of information science , the university of virginia , the university of science , and the st. marti primary school .
the explosion of oil leakage on beijing - ha highway closed
harbin , february 11 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will continue to implement a road safety plan at about 2300 hours on february 10 , when a tanker leaked out of 58 kilometers of beijing - ha highway , causing the road section to be closed .
according to the police of the traffic police brigade of the shuangcheng city public security bureau , three vehicles collided with one another at about 2300 hours on the 10th . a motorcycle named fu mengju and a tanker crashed together , and a cracks of the fuel tank were found in the body . the leakage of the oil tanker was flowing on the road .
it is understood that the tanker loaded with waste oil after the charcoal .
because of the dense of wastewater , they are afraid that the flames might have been caused by vehicles in the past , and the departments concerned have closed the road at the scene .
some roads in harbin heading for shuangcheng were closed , and many vehicles bypassed .
at present , relevant departments are clearing up the scene , and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
( hong kong , macao and taiwan ) hutchison whampoa announced that the listing of the three companies will be postponed to the market
hong kong , february 11 ( xinhua ) the delayed implementation of the flag of the third telecommunications company ( cap ) , which is scheduled for its listing on the stock market in italy , will be postponed on february 11 , the hutchison whampoa company announced on wednesday .
and mr fok kin - ning , general manager of the wong group , said that although the listing of all relevant supervisory and regulatory bodies has been approved , the listing process must be completed within the next few weeks , and the time is really too long .
at the same time , the current market condition of the telecommunications market in europe is weak , and the market may not be able to give italy a suitable listing value at this moment .
in view of the fact that shareholders are given the greatest interest , the decision to extend the listing is decided .
as to when the stock market will be listed , mr fok said that the market would be determined by the future situation of the telecommunications market in europe .
he believed that the current period of issuing shares to be held in italy needs to launch a wide - ranging educational campaign for investors so that the global telecommunications investment market can better understand the current strong performance and favorable prospects of italy .
according to media reports , the world coordinator of italy , hans - hustle , agreed to use 420 million euros to buy 10 percent of the jewish state through private matching , which is expected to be completed by the end of march this year .
china , myanmar trade ties to develop in 1996
yangon , february 12 ( xinhua ) chinese ambassador to myanmar guan mu and his chinese counterpart for economic and business affairs tang hai met with myanmar prime minister soe win on the eve of his visit to china on the 14th , and said that the current economic and trade relations between china and myanmar are showing a good momentum of enriching content and mutually beneficial development .
ambassador guan mu said : the friendly and cooperative relations established on the basis of the five principles of peaceful coexistence have been consolidated and developed in recent years , and exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been expanded and deepened with each passing day , and bilateral economic and trade relations have been constantly expanded and strengthened .
counselor tang haocan said : the high - level visits between the two countries have effectively promoted the development of bilateral economic and trade cooperation .
the two countries ' high - level visits in 2004 were in progress , and the two sides signed 33 documents on economic and trade cooperation , and most of them were being carried out and implemented .
he said : in 2004 , the us $ 11.4 - billion , and in 2005 , the us $ 12.09 - billion , of which china 's exports were $ 935 - billion and imports amounted to $ 274.4 - billion .
in bilateral trade last year , trade between china 's yunnan and myanmar reached 6.330 - million us dollars , up 14.6 percent over the previous year .
tang said myanmar has become a major milestone in the chinese enterprises ' project management , and china 's main projects in myanmar include power stations , bridges and factories ( such as sugar factory , shiba maimengsi , ) .
chinese enterprises in myanmar have launched engineering business , bringing along the export of all kinds of chinese mechanical and electrical products , and myanmar has become an important market for china 's complete sets of equipment and mechanical and electrical products .
according to statistics released by the chinese customs , in the past five or six years , the export of mechanical and electrical products has accounted for approximately 455.5 percent of china 's total exports to myanmar .
counselor tang also said that myanmar is rich in resources and that china has already started investing in the development of resources such as the oil and natural gas field in myanmar , and that there is great potential for the development of sino - burmese economic and trade cooperation .
he hoped that chinese enterprises will have a long - term view , learn to avoid risks , and make careful decisions , and establish a good image of enterprises , so that they will ensure that the projects will be completed on time and in good quality and quantity , so as to win glory for the country .
ambassador guan mu and counselor tang hai both held that premier soe win 's upcoming official visit to china is an important event in bilateral relations this year and is of great significance to enhancing political mutual trust , promoting bilateral cooperation , and promoting the further development of sino - burmese good - neighborly and friendly relations .
the two sides are expected to sign several documents on economic and trade cooperation during the visit .
world bank to reduce poor debt
moscow , february 11 ( xinhua ) wolfowitz , president of the world bank , said in moscow on the 11th that the world bank would completely eliminate the debt of the poorest countries before the middle of this year .
wolfowitz held talks with the finance ministers of the g - 8 in moscow on the same day .
in a statement issued after the meeting , he said that the world bank would implement the debt relief scheme before july 1 this year , and the world bank is now completing all technical work .
last year , the world bank donor countries completely exempted from the debts owed by 28 countries and pledged to provide funds for the trust funds concerned .
the international monetary fund 's creditor rights are relatively small , and the imf has started to reduce or waive its debts by the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz 's decision to exempt russia from debts of 16 african countries .
the kao ching digital television gradually became mainstream in the united states
new york , february 12 ( xinhua ) with the high resolution tv set , the number of the world 's top ten television sets and the market is expanding , the us television transmission agency has also stepped up its corresponding high - definition tv programs .
the american superbar , who has just come to the scene , has become a famous bar for the broadcast industry in the united states to welcome the television era of the kaesong era .
according to a recent report by the financial times , the us congress recently passed a bill requiring the broadcasting industry in the united states to stop broadcasting the current simulated television signals on 17 february 2009 , and only send digital signals .
this means that the comprehensive digitization of the broadcast of us television programs has already been clearly set .
high resolution digital television should be popularized by consumers on the one hand , while on the other hand , it should be provided by production organizations with high - definition digital programs .
although digital television has been repeatedly mentioned in the past few years , it has never become a reality .
this problem has taken a turn for the better this year .
according to the us consumer electronics association 's forecast , the sales volume of digital television sets in the united states will exceed traditional tv sets for the first time , while the number of digital televisions will exceed that of traditional tv sets , and 850 percent of the number of high - resolution products will be high - resolution products .
japanese researchers develop new highly efficient human kidney
tokyo , february 13 ( xinhua ) the research personnel of the east china sea university of japan developed a bio - humane kidney , which not only has the same dispensing function as human kidney , but also has the function of retaining the function of a material ingredient , and is also small in size and easy to transplant . with the in - depth study , it is expected to bring about a welfare to patients with kidney diseases .
according to a recent report by the nikkei industrial news , the newly developed bio - humans kidney is mainly composed of two parts , and part of the newly developed biofuel , xie waste and water separation , is made from lieutenant general urino and kiramine , and other blood transmitted back to the relevant components of the re - entry , such as dimi and kiriah .
the human body made the kidney , the tube of the deceased , and the bronze tube of the silk line of the middle skies , and the inside side of the body of the body of the diver cells with the functions of xie yuan .
this kind of upper skin cells can enable the disease caused by blood transfusion many times , and the genetic variant of the gene sequelioids of the gene that has been transmitted to the blood of the mamic acid and to the blood of the blood , and at the same time , the wine and matter that is essential for the body to enter again .
in the past , the human kidney system was established by the leak pressure , and the filtration of waste cannot completely eliminate it , and it does not have the capability to rereturn to the blood of the components of amino acid .
researchers conducted bio - humans kidney transplant experiments with sheep , and the middle - space wire walls of human - made kidneys used pig cells .
two weeks later , researchers confirmed that human kidney can be used to function .
at present , they are developing and using biological kidney cells of human kidney , and will start clinical studies after verification of their safety .
china 's power industry still faces severe challenges
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the state power regulatory commission ( sic ) said on the 13th that although the power safety production in 2005 remained stable overall , the production safety of electricity still faced severe challenges .
vice chairman of the state electric power regulatory commission shi yubo said at the fifth national meeting of the state electric power safety production commission ( ndrc ) held here that china 's electricity safety production in 2005 was generally stable , and successfully fulfilled the power supply task to meet the summer peak , thus achieving power supply , actively responding to natural disasters , and basically ensuring the safe and stable operation of the power system , and the production of power safety equipment and general electric power network accidents , significantly reducing and improving
however , he pointed out that as the power supply and demand situation changes and the large number of new power generating units are operating one after another , the power safety production will face new challenges .
these challenges include regional horse - loss , which will still exist , and power supply and demand in some areas will remain on the high side , and the good power - supply mechanism has not yet taken shape , leading to a relatively big problem in coal supply , and the problem of a drop in coal quality has not been effectively controlled , which will have a serious impact on the stable operation of some power generating units , on the weak structure of some power networks , and on the safety of the old equipment
shi yubo said : with the deepening of the reform of the power system , many deep - seated contradictions will be continually exposed , and how to maintain the stability of the staff and workers and ensure normal production order will become a new problem confronting us .
in view of the 2006 power safety production work , shi yubo said : we should further consolidate the basic work of power safety production management , speed up the establishment and improvement of the power safety emergency management mechanism , improve the ability to deal with sudden incidents , strengthen coordination and cooperation between the power plant network , and jointly safeguard the safety of the power system , continue to do a good job of supervising and managing the safety of the dam , and ensure the safety of power stations , strengthen the management of power
it has been learned that in light of the new situation in power security management , the state electric power regulatory commission will revise and improve the " interim regulations on investigating electric power production accidents " that have been promulgated this year . meanwhile , the supplementary documents on the safety of the dam and the second - stage system of power stations will be issued this year to implement the regulations one after another .
in 2005 , china 's electricity consumption in society reached 2,468.9 billion kilowatts , an increase of 13.455 percent over the same period last year .
in the face of the still tight supply and demand situation in power supply and demand , and the conspicuous contradictions in coal , electricity , oil , and transportation , all power enterprises have taken effective measures to strengthen the management of equipment . last year , there was no extraordinarily serious incident in power production throughout the country .
the power grid has caused 74 accidents , a year - on - year decrease of 127 , and 427 accidents involving equipment , a year - on - year decrease of 132 cases .
south african envoy to china says no such thing as the organization of prosecutorial organizations against chinese citizens
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will continue to work with the south african government to promote the development of the south african country , said a senior official here wednesday .
he also said that the south african government will do its best to crack down on all criminal activities in the form of crime .
he said the south african government hopes to reduce the crime rate to zero , and hopes that every one of the foreigners working in south africa will be punished by local law and the local citizens .
since 2006 , four chinese citizens have been detained in south africa one after another , and the chinese world has expressed broad concern about this .
the chinese foreign ministry has made representations to south africa on this and reminded chinese citizens in south africa to further strengthen their awareness of security and prevention , strengthen unity and friendliness among them , and cooperate with the police in cracking down on criminal activities .
let 's express our sincere sympathy and condolences to the family of the victims .
fu kanning said : " i am very sorry for this and i also ask the chinese people to believe that the south african government is earnestly investigating every case involving china . "
according to the chinese embassy in south africa , south african police have successfully cracked a case of chinese fujian woman chen jianqing killing on 5 february in south africa , and a suspect has been arrested .
at present , the police are hunting for another suspect .
according to the south african embassy in china , the criminal suspect who was suspected of shooting hong kong businessman in january was arrested by the south african police and the victim 's property was recovered .
on the possibility of the killing of chinese citizens , fu kangning said that these incidents indeed have a great impact on the trade of origin and other fields between the two countries .
according to the south african embassy tourism commissioner , nabil nakihiro , the embassy paid more than 2,000 chinese visas to south africa in the first 15 days of this year .
according to official statistics from china , south africa will continue to maintain its largest trade partner in africa in 2005 .
bilateral trade volume reached $ 7.27 billion , an increase of 23.3 percent over the same period last year .
however , people in the tourism circles believe that the successive incidents of chinese citizens ' assassination in 2004 had a significant impact on the number of chinese tourists traveling to south africa .
according to statistics from the south african tourism bureau , chinese tourists to south africa in the first half of 2005 were 20331 , a decrease of 14.99 percent over the same period last year .
chinese living in south africa at present are around 200,000 , and the town and village of south africa are located .
analysts here believe that the gap between south africa and the rich and poor , the high unemployment rate , and the flood of guns have not been seen as a deterrent , and the crime rate is still high .
since many chinese do not understand english , they have cash in their bodies and homes , and this is more likely to become the targets of criminal elements ' financial attacks .
hk to promote english learning and training in hong kong
hong kong , february 13 ( xinhua ) the hong kong special administrative region government launched a new scheme on english proficiency in workplace english on the 13th , with a view to raising the english standard of more serving people .
this is a great and vivid theme with english , a vibrant life , which includes a series of promotional activities to promote learning and training in workplace english , and to enable employers to better understand how to help employees enhance their english proficiency .
so far , the scheme has already funded nearly 25,000 people to complete the course , enabling them to reach the relevant hong kong workplace english benchmarks .
hong kong 's workplace english campaign , launched in 2000 , is a special administrative region government .
the first project of the workplace english campaign is the funding scheme for workplace english training .
the scheme aims to help those employees who need to use english in their work to receive training and participate in the designated international business english examinations to meet the workplace english standards required by their relevant work categories .
hebei province has implemented free voluntary health inspection system
shijiazhuang , february 14 ( xinhua ) the hebei provincial health department recently issued a " hebei province voluntary consultation and test for aids " ( trial implementation ) , which clearly specifies the implementation of free tuition for hiv testing and testing , in an effort to detect the hiv carriers and patients , and to further implement measures to prevent intervention and to prevent aids .
the " plan " has clearly defined the principle of voluntary consultation and inspection of aids in hebei : free admission to the testing and consultation of aids resistance , voluntary testing of aids resistance and consultation and incorrect consent , and no relevant action of aids prevention and control , prevention and control of hiv carriers and aids patients ' legitimate rights and interests are protected , so as to provide follow - up services for them .
the " plan " requires that the aids consultation and testing point should be set up at a convenient place for the consulting personnel , and that in order to protect the selfish interests of the consulting personnel , there should be a single room , and one - on - one consultation can be conducted .
the choice of the state council advisers should fully consider the personal quality of knowledge and the ability to exchange knowledge .
to protect the privacy of consulting agents , the inspection leaflets can be registered with the code or number .
the " plan " also requires that the health administration departments at and above the county level should publicize the situation of the local medical and health institutions undertaking aids free inspection services and the telephone number of consultation telephone numbers to help the masses understand the relevant information .
the ministry of public security still focused on extorting confessions by torture and extorting inspections .
beijing , february 14 ( xinhua ) the police inspectors bureau of the ministry of public security , zheng baigang , deputy director of the police and inspectors bureau of the ministry of public security , said at a press briefing that the so - called " lucrative use " is not so appropriate to allow criminal suspects to admit their crimes on the 14th , is absolutely not allowed in china .
the focus of the work of the supervisory departments is also to prevent the occurrence of these problems .
he also pointed out that some international organizations have a long - term understanding of the law enforcement situation of the chinese police .
the latest information provided by the ministry of public security on 14 june shows that in 2002 , the ministry of public security issued the " regulations on the record of the implementation of retention measures by public security organs " , " the regulations on the application of continuing interrogations by public security organs " , which better ensured that grassroots public security organs applied the measures of keeping in person for interrogation according to law .
since 1997 , in order to promote the improvement of the three aspects of work , namely , to eliminate the indiscriminate use of guns and police and to harness coercive measures , the police inspectors of the public security organs have persisted in going deep to the police station , the criminal police corps , the public security bureau 's frontline law enforcement units , and other grass - roots law enforcement departments to check on the spot , and to check and check on the enforcement of personal safety rights that have a
to prevent the occurrence of law enforcement problems at the source , the police inspectors departments further extended the tentacles of law enforcement inspectors and increased the number of cases involving filipino police officers , who were involved in the case , and the recording of information on motor vehicles , which were recorded in the enforcement process .
hk chief executive meets taiwan official beijing , march 18
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chairman of the taiwan straits exchange foundation , sun yun - suan , who was once honorary chairman of the taiwan straits exchange foundation , was sent to beijing by the early morning of 15 february for acute heart infections and severe heart failure .
sun yun - suan was born on 11 november 1913 in penglai , shandong province , and graduated from the electrical engineering department of harbin industrial university .
it is a member of the 10 th to 13 th kmt central committee , a member of the 11th central committee of the 12th cpc central committee , and chairman of the central appraisal committee of the 14th cpc central committee , and a member of the 15 th central appraisal committee .
he was once minister of communications of the taiwan authorities .
heilongjiang steps up ecological impact assessment and countermeasures for songhua river water pollution
harbin , february 16 ( xinhua ) the state council has decided to implement the " agreement on the management of water supply and the management of pollution prevention and control " in order to make a good job of the monitoring and control of the dry period of the songhua river and the melting of the ice layer .
this reporter learned from the heilongjiang provincial environmental protection bureau that the production of the songhua river ecosystem environmental impact assessment and countermeasures under the leadership of the state environmental protection administration has jointly decided on 15 special topics , which are divided into three major categories : the ecological effect assessment and the environmental impact assessment of the incident and the environmental impact assessment of the ecological effect of the case and the integrated assessment of the body health control project . the specific time is to be arranged in three stages .
at present , there are altogether over 60 people in 10 scientific research institutes in heilongjiang province who have undertaken 14 technical research projects .
according to the briefing , environmental protection departments and relevant scientific research institutes will focus on five research topics , namely , the evaluation of the contingency environment and countermeasures for the incident , and strive to solve environmental problems that the masses are urgently concerned about .
the first phase of the project will be to control the concentration of pollutants on the surface and to make a final decision on the pollution of the total discharge volume from the country .
the environmental protection department of heilongjiang province will also intensify environmental monitoring along the songhua river , and severely investigate and deal with environmental incidents of violating the law and waste discharge and illegal construction that cause serious pollution .
heilongjiang will send environmental law enforcement personnel to supervise and guide various localities to comprehensively improve the environment in the small river valley , improve the environmental protection and management system for the river basins , including the shajuanhe river , and so on .
beijing university sets up memorial hall to mourn academician wang
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to implement a new strategy of developing the country 's economy and the economy , and to establish a new type of state - owned economy with a high degree of autonomy , according to a senior official with the beijing municipal party committee .
at 0800 hours , the opening hours of the hall were not yet yet reached , and dozens of people were already waiting in the front of the hall .
this reporter gave a speech at the memorial hall of the centennial of beijing university , and saw a black horizontal scroll hanging on the wall of the hall : mourning wang selected academician wang xuan .
the lower side of the horizontal scroll is a huge picture of wang chin - su 's remains . he wore a glasses , showing a smile on the surface , and has a nice and aura .
the two sides of the remains were placed with several trees of dragon bowls , and dozens of flowers were divided on both sides .
one of the three noodles , which is a miniature , wrote : " the date of the horse of the chinese dragon , " which was the cornerstone of tang 's glorious foundation , sent a lead call to the prestigious sun ju .
the hall was filled with deep grief and was filled with a heavy atmosphere .
among the people who mourned the memorial were leaders of beijing university and teachers and students of the students , friends of wang xuan , who are not good neighbors , and many people who have been familiar with him .
some of them were holding flowers in their hands , some carried flowers in their baskets , and each of them was wearing a small white flowers in their chest , slowly walking to the remains of academician wang xuan , and bowed their hearts .
many people could not help but shed tears .
he was once director of the state cultural heritage bureau . zhang wenbin was an old alumni of beijing university . he told the reporter that he was still working in henan province more than 10 years ago . he asked professor wang chin - ch'eng to give a report on scientific and technological innovation to the provincial party committee cadres .
academician wang xue , who is a member of the college of international studies , is a model for us to learn . he made a major contribution to the country and society , and the people will never forget him .
jin ruilin , professor at the beijing university law school , and wang xuan , an old friend of wang xuan , who has been an old friend for more than 40 years ,
he was just discharged a few days ago and today he insisted on seeing friends off .
in his message book , mr. jin inhibited his own pain and repeatedly took a paper to show his grief .
he told the reporter that professor wang chou 's life was very frugal , and when he lived in the tong fu yuan , he was already a professor , and he had already made very high achievements , but he still lived in a very small room for many years .
later he moved to the chengzai yuan , and lived in a place of 70 to 80 square meters .
beijing university gave him a great honor and honor to the academicians in the blue flag camp , and he did not want to , and the high - level housing provided by the fangzheng building , he did not want to .
mr. jin recalled with deep feeling that wang chin 's overseas trip provided a high treatment for him . however , he always resolutely thanked him .
at the beginning , he insisted on not applying for an academician , but only after several mobilization meetings by mr. zhou peiyuan was completed .
mr jackson was also deeply touched by his attitude toward cultivating young people , and he repeatedly stressed that i still have some achievements , not looking at myself , but to cultivate young people .
mr. jin said : when he was 50 , wang chin started to pay attention to cultivating young people . he always stressed that he would pave the way for the people and give them a way for them .
he said that he was very successful in his career as a scientist .
this reporter learned from the beijing university news center that from 09:00 on 15 february to 1200 hours on 19 february , academician wang xuan 's cinema was open to the public at 09:00 hours and 1500 hours a day , and the audience of the academician wang xuan was mourned for condolences by people of all walks of life .
the chinese people , known as shi xiushi , vice chairman of the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] , academician wang chaiju of the third world academy of engineering , who is academician of the chinese academy of engineering , died at 11:30 on 13 february at the beijing tonghe hospital for medical treatment .
npc , chile to further cooperation
wu bangguo attended the signing ceremony and signed the agreement .
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) of china and the chilean parliament signed an agreement on the establishment of political dialogue between the two countries at the great hall of the people on the afternoon of february 15 , and signed the agreement .
the exchange mechanism between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament has been officially established .
it has been learned that president romanian senate president roman and house of representatives speaker arsenic of chile signed the agreement in santiago , capital of chile .
according to the agreement , the two sides will act in accordance with the principles set down in the sino - chilean joint communique on the establishment of diplomatic relations , establish political dialogue between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament , and hold meetings on a rotating basis to jointly promote the comprehensive development of bilateral relations .
chilean ambassador to china kaev and others attended the signing ceremony .
china will introduce regulations on protecting the information network
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the current number of websites in china is expected to increase by a large margin , according to the press release here today
wang ziqiang said : according to the existing law , the articles published in newspapers and periodicals will not be used as long as the author does not make a statement on the use of works . in addition , the newspaper and periodical will pay the remuneration according to the law , and the state copyright bureau specially formulated the standards for the reprinting and payment of newspapers and periodicals .
however , according to the existing law , the newspaper is entitled to the right to make such a statutory permit , and the internet currently does not enjoy such a right to permit the issue .
according to the relevant judicial interpretation made by the supreme people 's court , the use of the use of the legal license for newspapers and periodicals can be applied to the internet , that is , the internet published by newspapers and periodicals , and the author has not paid a declassified statement , and the internet can be used without permission , and at the same time , remuneration must be paid .
however , as the judicial interpretation does not have a stipulation on the remuneration standards , there is no payment for the actual use of these works on the internet .
the application of these short works on the internet is applicable to statutory licensing , and it is also necessary to be determined by law .
wang ziqiang said : whether or not this has been included in the scope of legal definition , and whether or not the regulations on protecting the rights of transmission of information networks will be promulgated this year to confirm this .
russian military says resolution of georgian parliament not to affect russian peacekeeping
moscow , february 15 ( xinhua ) the russian defense ministry 's press official shedov on friday said georgia 's parliament had reached a consensus on the resolution on russian peacekeeping troops in a short time , which would not affect russian soldiers ' peacekeeping operations , and the russian troops would continue to carry out peacekeeping missions in the south ossetia conflict area .
the russian state duma ( lower house of parliament ) and chairman of the cis affairs committee , konzin , made a statement on the resolution of the georgian parliament on the peacekeeping troops on the same day , pointing out that the g7 resolution would undermine the stability of the region and produce an unfavorable impact on russian - georgian relations .
he stressed that the g - 8 resolution has further worsened the relations between russia and georgia .
he said : the grievances made by the georgian side against the russian side are absurd .
the georgian parliament passed a resolution on the same day , demanding that the russian peacekeeping troops stop their peacekeeping operations in south ossetia , but the specific deadline for the withdrawal of russian peacekeeping troops is not set .
the georgian parliament accused russian peacekeeping personnel of failing to fulfill their obligations and blaming russia for its actions in the conflict area as a brutality attempting to swallow up and this territory of georgia .
the georgian parliament urged the government to take active action to consider stationing troops in the south ossetia conflict area to replace the current peacekeeping actions of russia in the region .
the georgian parliament also instructed the government to revise and decide on the stationing of russian peacekeeping personnel in the conflict area .
the south ossetia is a autonomous state in georgia and is contiguous to the republic of north ossetia .
after the breakup of the former soviet union , it declared independence on its own and was confronting the central government for a long time .
at present , russia is stationed in the region with a peacekeeping camp of 500 people .
this unit was established in 1992 based on the " legend " of russia 's northern ossetia , russia .
four people in charge of the fire in liaoyuan hospital will be indicted on the charge of suspected major accident
changchun , february 16 ( xinhua ) the liaoyuan city hospital of jilin province has been hit by a major fire on the evening of 16 february , with 11 responsible persons confirmed , including zhang diankun , head of the hospital electric work squad , and four others , who will be indicted for the crime of being suspected of having a major accident .
on 15 december 2005 , the largest hospital in liaoyuan city , the fire broke out at the hospital , and the result was the loss of 39 people .
in this fire , the fire area exceeded 5,000 square meters .
it is understood that this was the first time that the medical and health system nationwide had been set up since the founding of new china .
according to investigation , at about 1630 on the day of the incident , the liaoyuan city hospital suddenly stopped power . according to the design of the hospital 's circuit , if power - suspension and power - switch - off stops will automatically jump to the deputy gate and continue to maintain normal power supply at the time , but the electrical gate at that time was not automatically removed , and the leader of the electrical engineering squad , zhang diankun , was forced to send
the underground cables , which were smoked at that time , were unscrupulously tied together with a dozen or so cables , and the cables like this should be placed in a very complete and orderly manner , and fire prevention levels should be set up .
therefore , 57 - year - old liaoyuan city textile company 's electrical power group leader zhao yongchun installed a retired cadre ( senior engineer ) of liaoyuan electric power industry bureau , sun fengyuan , head of liaoyuan city 's central hospital , and his staff , kim song - tai , three , will also be indicted on charges of suspected major accidents .
china 's first tour of guizhou village held in tin long tun
guiyang , february 16 ( xinhua ) guiyang , a state - owned enterprise , was hit by a fire on the morning of 16 february , when the children of the big people in tianlong village of tianlong town , tianlong town , pingba county , guizhou province , wore a holiday in their grand costumes , and the face of the children was filled with joy .
at 10:30 , the five - year - long prayer activity ended . 80 - year - old zheng peqin , who was wearing a long - long shirt , sounded the first - ever chorus of china 's rural tourism .
tin long tuen mun village is a typical representative of the development of guizhou village tourism and a national village tourism demonstration site .
as a bridge between the military of the late generation of the ming dynasty , the rear - political figure of the ming dynasty has a history of more than 600 years .
here , we can see the breadth of the great magic - cerebre and the long - sleeved blue roof , the ancient han culture and dress in tablets of tablets .
it is understood that the tienlong village relies on this cultural and traditional advantage to develop village culture and tourism from 2002 to 2005 , and the total amount of ticket sales in 2005 alone will reach 3.8 - million yuan . over 480 percent of the village 's households have participated in the sale of food , beverages , and fruit products through tourism in 2005 , and the per capita income of peasants has increased from over 1,300 yuan in 2002 to 2640 yuan in 2005 .
yang shengming , director of the guizhou provincial tourism bureau , said that following the first tour of tianlong tandao , the new tour of xijuan village , which is on the theme of the new tour , will be the theme . the various rural tourism activities launched in various parts of guizhou this year will reach 35 .
so far , guizhou has launched a variety of rural tourism projects in more than 130 villages . by 2005 , over 600,000 peasant households in the province have extricated themselves from poverty through tourism development .
in january , the housing price in 70 cities across the country increased by 5.5 percent , while the price of shanghai 's housing continued to decline .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the total amount of foreign investment in the country in january this year increased by 5.5 percent over the same period last year , a drop of 0.7 percentage points from the previous month , according to the official .
shanghai 's housing prices continued to decline .
the national development and reform commission announced on 16 november that the total number of large and medium - sized cities in china 's 70 large cities increased by a small margin in january , and the rate of increase in hohhot and haoju over 10 percent , while the sales price in shanghai continued to drop by a small margin , down by 0.440 percent compared with the same period last year .
the same statistics show that in the first quarter of last year , the sales prices of shanghai 's houses also increased by 19.1 percent over the same period last year , and there was a turn for the better in the future . in the second half of last year , a slight decline was seen over the same period of last year .
in january this year , the sales price of new residential housing in 70 large and medium - sized cities rose 6.9 percent over the same period last year , a 0.2 percentage point lower than the previous month .
the rate of increase in new residential housing in dalian was 18.999 % , and the city of huohae , maiju , and haote , 14.14 % , was 0.110 % , and chengdu , respectively , at 1.01-1-1-1-1-1-1-1 % , respectively , in shenzhen , and shanghai , a year - on - year drop of 3.1 % .
the central organization department called for further intensifying supervision over the selection and appointment of leading cadres and cadres .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the organization department of the cpc central committee recently printed and distributed opinions on strengthening the work of supervising cadres .
the " opinions " urged organization departments at all levels to proceed from strict management and care for cadres , and ensure that cadre supervision is carried out through every link of the routine inspection of selection and appointment of cadres , and establish and improve a supervisory mechanism for strengthening prevention , timely redress , and effectively strengthen supervision over the selection and appointment of leading cadres and cadres .
the " opinion " points out that the main tasks of supervising cadres in organizational departments are : first , supervision of leading bodies and leading cadres should be conducted , and the focus should be on strengthening supervision over the principal responsible persons of leading bodies ; second , supervision should be conducted on the selection and appointment of party and government leading cadres ; and the " regulations on the selection and appointment of party and government leading cadres " should be focused on supervision and inspection of the implementation of the " regulations on selecting and appointing
while making supervision of leading bodies and leading cadres , the opinions pointed out that it is necessary to unremittingly do a good job of education in ideals and convictions and in the work of combating corruption and promoting clean government , and make education permeate with the cultivation , selection , promotion , and management and supervision of cadres , guide and supervise leading cadres to strengthen their party spirit , and persist in building a party that serves the interests of the public and build a strong ideological and moral defense line for
we should make a correct assessment of the performance of newly promoted cadres in their official positions .
we should supervise the leading bodies at all levels in upholding democratic centralism , establish and improve the rules and procedures for making policy decisions , and conscientiously implement the system of combining collective leadership with division of labor .
we should focus on supervision over the principal responsible persons of leading bodies and organize ( personnel ) departments to frequently talk with the principal responsible persons of leading bodies at the lower level , and understand the situation of their ideological work and work style .
we should establish and improve the system of day - to - day management and supervision of leading cadres , and make regular studies and analysis of the ideological and work style of the leading cadres and put forward opinions and measures for solving problems .
leading cadres should be allowed to admonish , talk , or written to the letter , and problems with the symptoms of problems should be discovered so as to promptly admonish , admonish , or send letters to the public .
the leading cadres ' outstanding problems that the masses have reported should be investigated and understood seriously , and criticism and education should be given to those who have problems , and the cases that constitute the transfer of the law - enforcement organs of discipline and law , and that there are no problems in the investigation should be clarified .
at the same time , we should integrate strengthening supervision with encouraging cadres to boldly explore and innovate and pay attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the opinions called on the organizations ( personnel ) departments at all levels to earnestly strengthen supervision over the selection and appointment of party and government leading cadres .
we should further improve the system of recommendation for nominations for cadres , and the measures for supervising the process of selecting and appointing cadres . we should strictly ensure that the selection and appointment of cadres are properly selected and appointed . we should do a good job in selecting cadres at all levels and in selecting cadres with outstanding political achievements .
it is necessary to strengthen inspection of the implementation of the regulations on appointing cadres , seriously investigate and deal with acts that violate the regulations on appointing cadres , and resolutely check unhealthy trends and corrupt practices in personnel appointment .
the practice of making and supervising and checking the problem of personnel who have been found to have been seriously violated regulations has been carried out and the work of supervising and handling those problems has been intensified .
establish and improve the system of investigating and affixing responsibility for the work of selecting and appointing cadres , and scientifically define the principal responsible persons in all aspects of the work of selecting and appointing cadres in accordance with the principle of unanimity in power and responsibility , clarify the ways of affixing the responsibility , and increase the intensity of the investigation .
we should give full play to the role of the masses in supervision and establish and improve a mechanism for giving publicity to safety and high efficiency .
and give play to the role of public opinion supervision , and timely inform the news media about the selection and appointment of cadres and accept supervision by public opinion .
the opinions pointed out : we should further improve the mechanism of coordinating and coordinating the work of supervising cadres .
the organization ( personnel ) departments should strengthen their cooperation with discipline inspection organs and establish a system of supervision and inspection in connection with the work of the discipline inspection organs in the area of improving party style and building a clean government , so as to strengthen the joint force of supervision .
and work with discipline inspection organs to conscientiously do a good job in inspection work , improve inspection methods , improve inspection systems , and improve inspection quality .
and work with the auditing organs to conscientiously implement the system of auditing leading cadres ' economic responsibilities .
we should improve internal supervision mechanisms for the selection and appointment of cadres of organizational departments .
taiwan authorities ' act of investing in mainland china beijing , aug. 16
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the taiwan authorities ' economic affairs departments decided on the 15 th to punish the vice president of the united microelectronics limited ( " federation of electronic shares " ) limited ( " xiuhua " ) , which is one of the four major companies in the mainland , for the reason of providing assistance to microelectronics companies in the name of " luca " in violation of regulations .
taiwan 's " china times " reported that this was chen shui - bian 's announcement of actively managing cross - strait economic and trade policies that were effective and open , and that the taiwan authorities imposed sanctions on taiwan businessmen 's investment in the mainland .
according to reports , the taiwan economic ministry investment review committee , which claimed that the united microelectronics company was fined for violating the regulations on relations between the two sides of the strait and the regulations on investment or technological cooperation between the mainland and the mainland .
in the future , the expedition will be based on the situation , and the case will be dealt with by the former chairman of the united microelectronics company , cao xingcheng , and others .
the case of dutch telecom started in february 2005 . at that time , taiwan 's prosecutors department mobilized several hundred people to investigate the residential and office of several senior officials , claiming that the united microelectronics company was suspected of investing in the mainland and illegally providing funds and manpower resources to the mainland .
the then chairman of the united microelectronics group , cao xingcheng , then publicly said that unicom did not violate any regulations of the taiwan authorities , and that the united microelectronics company provided assistance to the company for the long - term interests of linked power . if it did not enter the mainland market as soon as possible , it would lose business opportunities .
later , the financial supervisory and management committee of the taiwan authorities breached the relevant provisions on the disclosure of commercial information , and imposed a fine of $ 3 - million on the united microelectronics corp .
on 9 january 2006 , the joint chiefs of staff accepted cao xingcheng 's resignation and cao xingcheng was arrested for suspected involvement in illegal investment on the mainland several hours .
the united telecommunications corporation and the taiwan machine - building circuit company ( taiwan ) , for short , also called the hsia hsiao - hsiung [ yuan zhuixiong ] of taiwan as a leading hi - tech enterprise on the island .
the taiwan authorities ' annual report on the united front 's investigation and handling of the united front power company has received great attention from all circles on the island .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) my second birthday of my family , the essay contest of macao , was presented to chinese people around the world .
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the second international conference on the promotion of macao 's dutch language competition , which is my second home , announced here on the 17 th that the chinese people in the world will gather in macao as the subject of my name .
the competition was jointly sponsored by the macao foundation and the baihua literary and art publishing house , " the outer edition of the wen haiwen haiwen seismological book " , and chen jiangong , vice chairman of the chinese writers association .
in 2004 , on the occasion of the fifth anniversary of macao 's return to the motherland , the first macao zhuo literary competition in my heart was held , and domestic and foreign literature enthusiasts responded positively , and the organizing committee received more than 8,000 entries , and more than 10 winners at home and abroad were invited to receive awards from the macao sar .
wu zhiliang , executive member of the macao foundation , said at a press conference on 17 april that last year , zhuhai city , which was listed as a world cultural heritage list , not only indicated that macao people 's long - term way of life and community management were affirmed by the world , but also the chinese nation 's tradition of friendship and friendship in the macao sar was passed on and developed . therefore , the macao sar government decided to designate the 2006 world heritage list as the world 's world
wu zhiliang said : it is precisely under such a good cultural atmosphere that the macao foundation and the baihua literary and art publishing house have decided to cooperate and hold the second " zhuyi " series of ceremonies of macao , which i hope that the participants will demonstrate their patriotic love of macao through their works , and display macao 's unique humanistic interest and the peaceful and auspicious image of the sar and the macao sar , thus establishing a new image of macao 's culture
according to information , the competition is about to be held on 1 september this year . the " overseas edition of the essay ocean " will open a special column to submit entries .
after the results of the selection were announced , the selection committee will hold a award presentation ceremony in the macao sar in early 2007 .
shandong province successfully implemented a system of heart transplant operation for baby babies
jinan , february 17 ( xinhua ) the jinan military region 's first institute of blood tuberculosis ( zhang yuqing ) successfully conducted a heart transplant operation of baby babies in the past few days .
on 17 april , the reporter saw in the severe disease surveillance room that the 51 - day baby was full of red face , and all monitoring and inspection indexes were normal and smoothly passed the dangerous period of the operation , and was playing with the toys that the health care personnel bought for him .
according to the medical doctor who was on the same day , this friend from taian village in shandong was sent to the hospital by his parents , and he was very clean and breathing , and he was very sick . after checking and diagnosing the diagnosis of the cyantic cyanthropus , he had to transplant the heart .
heart transplant operations are the most difficult and most difficult cases in the heart surgery .
especially the baby girl under one year of age who has a heart transplant operation is still in the mainland .
the center for cardiac tuberculosis of the jinan military region organized experts to repeatedly demonstrate and carefully designed the operation and post - operation plan , to make independent innovations on the methods for the codification of blood , and to conduct animal experiments .
8 : 00 am on 28 december 2005 , the operation officially began .
the patient was admitted to a medical ward for the inability to breathe due to the poor health of the first congenital lung .
the operation must be in line with six blood pipes and more than 510 needles , and each diameter is not more than 3 millimetres .
after 295 minutes , the operation was a complete success .
china to curb coal mine accidents beijing , aug. 16
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) four major traffic accidents have occurred one after another in beijing , with more than 100 people killed and more than 100 others injured , causing the production of the " three major " coal pits , which have been production in the whole country in the past year , to become the top priority of the national security supervision work this year .
the reporter learned from the state administration of production safety on 17 july that to curb the frequent occurrence of extraordinarily serious accidents , including coal mines , the coal mine is the most important task .
this year , the state administration of safety supervision and administration of safety will do a good job in the following three aspects :
+ ju + continued to fight a battle of wasers .
the wasis administration will first try to make a comeback before it is a prominent position this year .
if the high gas mine is not first introduced , then it will be necessary to order it to immediately stop production .
xue ju continued to fight a tough battle of rectifying and closing down .
we should make the 5243 documents that have been publicly announced to the public , and the more than 700 coal mines that have recently been reported to be closed down .
we should regard closing down as routine work and constantly close down those small factories and mines that do not have safety conditions for damaging resources .
xinhua : coal mine safety management should be strengthened
we should immediately correct the problem of stopping the small number of large state - owned coal mines from being reduced and guide small mines in managing their operations to establish a standardized security management system .
in particular , we must focus on key state - owned coal mines , and absolutely must not allow superficial capacity to be produced .
this year 's production safety control indices demand that the number of deaths of all types in the country dropped by 3-3 percent , of which coal mines dropped by 3.55 percent .
one time , a major accident that killed more than 10 people was reduced by 5percent , of which coal mines dropped by 7percent .
these control indexes have been assigned to the provincial - level people 's governments , and all localities are now at the grassroots level and are now being released to the grassroots level and enterprises .
statistics show that the number of people killed in the national coal mine accident in 2005 was 5986 , a drop of 0.79 percent compared with the same period last year .
however , the accident of 10 people and more than 10 people were on the rise , and the number of people killed was 66.6 percent higher than the corresponding period of last year .
( international ) barroso calls on all parties to make compromises in kosovo 's future status negotiations
belgrade , february 17 ( xinhua ) the two countries have agreed to strengthen cooperation in the fields of economy , trade and economy , according to reports from belgrade , belgrade , capital of kosovo , on tuesday .
on the same day , barroso met with president of the provisional authority of kuwait , sergio sergio sergio sergioviyah and other media , saying that all parties concerned in kosovo should adopt a tolerant attitude and establish a democratic and multi - ethnic kosovo , and that kosovo , which respects the government and protects the rights and interests of minority nationalities , should be recognized by the international community .
he also stressed that the european commission will do everything it can to help kosovo 's development .
barroso also expressed his appreciation for kosovo 's current eight criteria for implementing the un - proposed un democratic process .
he believed that the implementation of these standards is the key factor affecting the integration of kosovo and europe .
he also called on all serbs in kosovo to join the organizations in kosovo to make unremitting efforts to realize democracy and the integration of multi - ethnic groups .
barroso arrived in the kosovo capital of plishtia on the same day for a one - day visit .
earlier , barroso visited croatia and serbia and montenegro , and he will also visit macedonia and bosnia - herzegovina .
( winter olympics association , stimulant ) news analysis : there is a possibility that the dispatch of a vow will be unsettled .
turin , february 17 ( xinhua ) the dispatch of a new - year - old boy is likely to be unsettled , according to the press release
xinhua news agency reporter gao ying
although italy has repeatedly said that the turin winter games were uncovered and used stimulants , all the athletes might face je .
the duling winter olympics held its first grand event since the opening on 16 november . alva was found using a banned drug card and a non - tradable drug .
the international olympic committee announced the next day that aleksander leava was removed from the winter olympics , and she won two winter championships in the current winter olympics , and her 15 - kilometer personal medal was also taken away .
the international winter league held a grand welcoming ceremony on the same day to express its gratitude to the two - year - old vtc .
the ioc has always stipulated that athletes who have been found to be using stimulants in the olympic games will be disqualified and deprived of their qualification for participation , but they will not be subject to legal sanctions .
however , according to italian law , the sports carrying and using stimulants belongs to criminal behavior , and the judiciary has the right to directly arrest and investigate the use of stimulants , and the lawbreakers who are still faced with imprisoned imprisonment of three months to three years .
in december last year , the ioc and the italian government , after a year of bargaining , finally reached an agreement , and both sides agreed to hold a meeting in accordance with italian law during the winter games to deal with the incident of using stimulants .
with the unremitting efforts of the international olympic committee , italy made a four - day concession before the opening of the winter olympics and promised that the police would not go to the olympic village to search for the athletes ' stationing site , but the young drug detector will still be investigated by the italian procuratorial organs .
it has been reported that the italian government supervises the winter olympics , peiskantor , an official of the duling winter olympics , and has handed over the doping case of leavers to the duling procuratorial organs .
however , the ioc and peiscant themselves have not confirmed this at present .
the russian winter team , two medical experts , andrew maifu , revealed at noon on 17 april that the dispatch of alexander leava had left turin and returned to the country .
he once served in the world anti - doping agency for many years , shi kangcheng , a chinese sports official , believes that once a villain returns to the country , this matter may ultimately be lost .
shi said the ioc and the italian government have made positive efforts to deal with the fight against doping in the winter olympics , and even if italy 's prosecutor really intervenes in the matter , it is difficult to say .
according to the previous practice of italian references to the stimulant event of their athletes , the maximum penalty for the banned is no less than that for the two years of imprisonment for the same year .
therefore , a senior italian amusa reporter , pierre , said that the possibility of sending alexander to the prison was very small , and that most of them were fines .
pierre also said that although the italian court could hold a absence , the italian police could not send leava to the country to take back and serve their sentences .
if a villain refuses to accept the ruling , italy will also have no way to get her .
according to a roundup , the new epidemic site continues to have strong anti - sars cases
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to implement a series of measures to prevent bird flu from spreading on the african continent , according to a xinhua news agency report from beijing on february 18 .
the world health organization confirmed on 17 november that three areas in egypt had found bird flu viruses .
france has also discovered five jewish viruses in europe for the first time , and european countries have been highly vigilant against the disease , thus strengthening the measures for epidemic prevention .
the who 's east mediterranean region advisor , hassan bush , told the press on 17 april that currently , in cairo , central egypt , and the three southern regions of minya , the three areas have discovered the cases of the 5th - type bird flu virus , and the relevant departments of the egyptian government have started to kill poultry suspected of bird flu .
experts point out that egypt is one of the important channels for migratory birds in the middle east and north africa , and it is very likely that migratory birds will bring the avian flu virus into the country .
egypt has announced that it has banned the import of live poultry from abroad and has strengthened quarantine work at border ports .
the cameroon company , which has been in the capital of cameroon , has over 800 chickens died in the past week .
cameroon has decided to suspend the import of all poultry and pork from nigeria , which has been infected with the bird flu epidemic , and to suspend the trade of poultry and related products in all markets in the border areas of the two countries .
the sudanese government has also built a new government , covering the whole territory in a short time , and the basket center and the state veterinary laboratory are in a state of emergency , so as to launch a special laboratory on the 5th type virus at any time .
in europe , denmark and sweden initially ruled out the epidemic on 17 july .
the swedish veterinary institute released a report on the laboratory tests on the dead swans found on wednesday , indicating that swedish swans have no avian influenza virus .
the danish national veterinary administration ( cdc ) has also confirmed the presence of 30 dead swans in denmark in the past few days .
however , the agriculture department said denmark could not afford to take it lightly .
romania , which has been in the eastern european country , has already had nine bird flu epidemic sites in bucharest , said on the 17 th that almost all areas in the danube delta region had bird flu , and it must take this situation seriously , and romania may be threatened by bird flu in the next three years or five years .
in bangladesh , asia , the government has taken all necessary measures to prevent the spread of avian influenza .
the government home affairs service bureau ( hfb ) has provided relevant officials with books on the prevention of avian influenza and has also organized poultry rearing personnel to undergo training .
china 's first joint blood information management system to be established in zhejiang province
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the first joint blood information data management system in china has been put into operation in the center recently , according to a blood information management and control network of zhejiang province , the first one in china .
a relevant person in charge of the blood center of zhejiang province said that this means that in the future , no citizen will be allowed to take part in the blood donation activities of any of the organizations in any county ( city ) in zhejiang province , and there will be a unique and unique code record . when he again donated blood - related records of the individual information - related blood transmissions , which can be shown immediately .
the responsible official further explained that if the relevant code records are imported , the system shows that the insolvent has not reached the interval period , and the dismissal will not meet the condition of blood donation this time .
this will not only protect the health of the blood worshippers themselves , but also effectively protect the health and safety of the blood worshippers .
in addition , when blood supply is strained , donors and their families have the right to give blood , and so long as you input the effective documents of the donors , you can immediately show the message of the blood donor , quite convenient .
according to a report in hangzhou 's " today morning post , " the information system has been put into use by all 36 blood transfusion organizations throughout the province , and the blood resources of all blood - collecting organizations throughout the province can also be displayed in real time , thus sharing data throughout the province .
to prevent the recurrence of another landslide incident , 11 villages in the philippines urgently withdrew from the area .
manila , february 18 ( xinhua ) a total of 12,543 people were killed in a landslide in the eastern philippines in order to prevent another incident , a local official said on wednesday .
the official of the south leita province , rotte laires , said on the same day that these villages and villages where the landslide occurred on the 17 th were located in the same region , and they had similar characteristics .
the 11 villages that were evacuated will be placed in the evacuation center .
laias said : the government yesterday ordered residents to withdraw , and today dispatched people to check these villages because some people did not want to leave their homes .
on 17 july , the landslide incident occurred in the saint bell sodium town in southern south lait province . viewed from television , the soil and the stones were buried in the entire village , and only a few roofs were seen .
since the soil is very thick and very humidity , people buried below can survive very slim .
at present , 109 people have been found dead and 57 others have been rescued .
it is estimated that the number of deaths caused by the accident may reach as high as 1,800 .
( overseas chinese situation ) quanzhou , fujian 's southern area of overseas chinese , exports in the first month of this year increased by 35.2 percent over the same period last year
fuzhou , february 19 ( xinhua ) quanzhou city 's foreign trade and exports continued to maintain a high - speed growth in january this year , according to the fuzhou city press release .
according to customs statistics , quanzhou 's exports in january reached $ 330 - million , the highest record in history , an increase of 35.2 percent over the same period last year , which was higher than the average growth level of the province .
according to the analysis of quanzhou city foreign economic relations bureau , the main reason for quanzhou 's rapid growth in foreign trade in january was due to the role of quanzhou 's many support measures for foreign trade , the enthusiasm of enterprises for exports was running high , the economic operation in quanzhou was active , the business confidence of enterprises was strengthened , and a highly efficient and smooth foreign trade development environment .
