two of the mobile computers in the princess dda 's death toll stolen
london , june 6 , 2007 ( afp )
the london daily newspaper pointed out that two diana princess diana 's hand computers , which contain the data of the survey of the traffic accident in paris in 1997 , were stolen from the office of the former metropolitan police chief .
the report pointed out that the theft triggered speculation that the computer might contain a large - scale computer - made " seal " investigation led by sir steve vinson , former chief police officer of metropolitan city .
however , a spokeswoman for the metropolitan police bureau said that there was no sensitive information in the computer or related information .
sir robert stoyana is the director of the british nobel apaya police station and his office is located in the area of the taienburg .
the report said that nansanbiya police officers had been searching for two theft cases for the past 10 days .
a weekend holiday occurred between january 28 and 29 , including computers and cash taken away , and the second case occurred last week , with no loss .
the norwegian police also said there is no evidence to suggest that the two cases are related to sir steve .
steve vin has been tracing the cause of death of princess wilds not directly due to the accident .
the royal coroner , robert bogus , ordered in 2004 to continue to trace the relevant evidence .
princess diana died on august 31 , 1997 when she died in a paris tunnel bus accident , and her wife , fadel fader and drivers were also killed .
after two years of investigation , the french police believed that the car was driven by a driver 's drink driving and taking drugs , resulting in a tragedy in the vehicle being out of control .
sri lanka 's warring parties agree to hold talks in geneva late june
afp , lun po , july 7 .
norway , which is in the middle of the peace process , said that sri lanka 's war groups agreed to start talks on the 22nd of this month in geneva , switzerland , to defuse the three - year deadlock in negotiations that all parties have been seeking to end the decades - old racial bloody conflict .
norwegian special envoy for peace jim selham held talks with the tiger organization of tamil eelam balaner in london , where he achieved the breakthrough .
the norwegian embassy in beijing said in a statement that the conflict between sri lanka and sri lanka was one of the tigers liberating tamil eilan , and requested the norwegian government to assist in holding talks on february 22 in geneva .
the two - day talks will focus on how to strengthen the ceasefire agreement that came into effect on 23 february 2002 , and this agreement has never been fully observed by both sides .
the norwegian embassy pointed out that both sides will discuss how to improve the implementation of the cease - fire agreement , and the two sides will hold face - to - face talks on such a high level in the past three years .
sony said he would lead a norwegian team to participate in the negotiations and the four representatives of the tamil tiger organization led by barzenege , while the sri lankan government was led by minister of health .
he said : this is a small step on the road to peace , but it is expected that the process of negotiations will be difficult .
the first face - to - face talks to resolve the ethnic conflict in sri lanka were held in japan in march 2003 , but the tiger organization of the liberation of tanilan canceled the seventh round of talks held in thailand in april 2003 .
the north and south korean team join hands in winter olympics
italy , italy , april 10 , 2007 ( afp )
the 20 th winter olympic games opened in dulin today . south korea and north korea , which were enemies of the cold war period , joined hands in the ceremony .
south korean women 's skating champion lee po - la , a north korean skating player , and north korean man jung - ren , respectively , held the two national teams ' head and lead south korean team to the winter olympic games ground .
this is the first time that south korea and north korea have joined hands in the winter olympics .
to reflect the spirit of unity of reconciliation between the two sides in recent years , the sydney summer olympics in 2000 and the summer olympic games in athens in 2004 , both south korea and north korea 's representative teams entered the venue .
north korea did not participate in the 19 th winter olympics in salt lake city in the united states .
the korean peninsula was split into a north korea that practices capitalism and communism . the two sides held a joint military exercise between 1950 and 1953 during the korean war .
the leader of south korea held a peace summit in 2000 , and the relations between the two sides improved .
the greek team is the first country to enter the competition , with the participation of the 20 th north korean won the 23 rd entry in south korea .
the national volunteers ' representative team is the last country to be admitted . when the volunteers arrived at the stadium , a warm cheering and a round of applause broke out immediately .
hovman had been a drug of luck to awaken to the stage of performing arts
new york , april 16 , 2007
it is generally recognized that it is the best hope to win this year 's oscar film " the emperor , " the movie " the emperor of the tiger , " the chief male , who has been in haunt , and the main player of the white man , hefman , revealed that he had been indulged in the drug and wine when he was too young , and that he could only succeed in his performing arts .
" we are not going to be a good man , " he said in a speech to the columbia broadcasting corporation 's news magazine , which is 60 minutes old .
at that time , he only took a lead 20 years , just graduated from the new york university drama department , and entered a five - coloured society . every day , he was fast rotating , finally turning his head into a coma , and lost control .
he entered the center of reeducation on 22 years of age , and he was on the road to being alcohol and coattering drugs . that was the most panic in his life .
the oscar awards ceremony to be held next month will explain the role of american writer kopotsdam in the movie " poetic " , which is known as " cold blood pouring " , and is considered the best male main prize .
before that , he had already affirmed his superb performing skills and had won many affirmation of the winning entries , including the best male player in gold ball .
the 38 - year - old actor said during the interview that if it did not make a painful decision to change its bad habit before becoming a celebrity , he might not be able to win the oscar nomination .
he said he envious those who were 19 years old and suddenly became famous bronze performers .
four days of bird flu in europe , nigeria , liberia
brussels , june 16 , 2007
the traces of the bird flu virus have been constantly appearing in europe , causing anxiety .
the european commission passed a further formation of a hybrid slick control , bringing all the areas of the countries that discovered viruses under the control of the control and banning all poultry - related biological transaction .
the two countries have been confirmed to have been infected by the deadly infants of the 5thin virus on the eighth day of the discovery of the virus , and signs have already passed through the northern border to nepal .
egyptian officials are investigating a sudden outbreak of a chicken farm in the south , fearing that the virus might continue to spread .
the european chicken and meat markets were affected by the virus , and the dropping by a big margin was emphasized by the european commission executive committee that there is no reason to panic .
the executive committee is responsible for health and food safety , the executive committee of the health and food safety , triphono said , adding that the public 's concern about this matter is understandable , but it does not need excessive reaction .
after the discovery of the virus in the three - kilometer area and 10 km - long warning zone , the european commission has also issued new rules , listing all the european regions where the virus is found as the diagnostic region .
a eu official , who declined to be named , pointed out : everyone is very nervous . they are handling the cases of transmission from various parts of europe from the day to the evening , suspected of the outbreaks .
so far , austria has a total of 60,000 chinese women , including the austrian diecho , the german chonchonchonchona , ukraine and russia in europe .
romania found the 31 st case on the 16 th , with slovenia 's sunflower , austria , greece and germany 's rugene island , new cases were also found .
in the south of italy , two ducks found avian influenza viruses on their bodies , and other than the first wild swans in europe , the infections of the 51 strogenic virus are infected .
the eu officials are most concerned about migratory birds that will soon fly back from africa .
the nigerian government is stepping up its efforts to prevent the spread of viruses on the african continent .
the nigerian government announced that all poultry in the five - kilometer area near the infected farm , no matter whether they are threatened by the virus , will be destroyed .
the japanese government of neighboring countries announced that the whole country was on the alert , and allocated 4 million us dollars of emergency plans to monitor the border with nigeria .
the newly established national emergency committee said that they received a notification that they had a close to 400 troops along the sporadic border of malia .
the new regulations for managing the business of china 's electronic bank will take effect on 1 march .
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to increase the number of foreign exchange reserves in the country , according to a report released by the china banking regulatory commission ( cbrc ) on tuesday .
a spokesman for the china banking regulatory commission said : according to the regulations of the management methods , the examination and approval method for foreign - funded financial institutions has basically remained unchanged . that is , after foreign banks have been allowed to operate internet banking business , if new types of internet banking business are to be added , the main report bank in china should be reported and examined in a unified way .
to standardize the business of commercial banks using the internet to develop banking business , the people 's bank of china formulated and promulgated the " interim measures for managing internet banking business . "
a spokesman for the china banking regulatory commission said that with the continuous development of the electronic banking business of commercial banks , the interim procedures are no longer suited to the requirements of the monitoring and control of risks of electronic banks . the banking regulatory commission has drawn up two new regulations for this purpose .
a spokesman for the banking regulatory commission said that the banking regulatory commission 's affirmation of the qualifications of safety assessment institutions is different from administrative licensing for industry access or for enterprises ' access , and is not a necessary condition for the evaluation organizations to conduct the business of electronic banking safety assessment , but is just a reference for the financial institutions to choose an appraisal .
as long as the safety assessment institution meets the relevant requirements and requirements , and without the qualification of the banking regulatory commission , the financial institution may also employ them to carry out an electronic banking safety assessment , but it should be managed according to the relevant regulations .
the " procedures for managing the business of electronic banks " consists of nine chapters and 99 articles , which are divided into the general rules for application and for change of risk management , exchange and transfer of data , and management of foreign bags and management of foreign insurance services , and management of cross - border business activities , including management of legal responsibility and supplementary articles .
the " guidelines for assessing the safety of electronic banks " consists of five chapters and 57 articles , which are divided into the management and supplementary articles of the implementation of safety assessment activities by the general body of evaluation on safety of infotalk organizations .
" mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , chen yun , on investigation and study " published
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the " mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , on investigation and study " , compiled by the central archival research center , was recently published and distributed by the central literature publishing house .
they should conduct investigations and studies in depth in reality , persist in integrating theory with practice , and draw up and implement correct lines , principles , and policies . this is the basic experience and basic work method of the cpc in leading revolution and construction .
mao zedong 's xiang xun zhou enlai , liu shaoqi 's shaoji yu , zhu deyin , deng xiaoping , chen xiangyun , and other revolutionaries of the older generation , once made many important and brilliant expositions on investigation and study . they often went deep into the grass - roots level to personally conduct social surveys and write many investigation reports .
the practice and achievements of their investigations and studies have played an important role in guiding the development of the cause of the party and the people along the correct path .
" mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , and chen yun on investigation and study " are divided into three parts : the first part is the extracted of the arguments of mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation on investigation and study , the second part is the collection of the articles of mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation on investigation and study , and the third part is the three investigation reports of the mao zedong and study
most of these reports were published for the first time .
in addition , there are two reports on the investigation and study conducted by central leaders in the 1950 s and 1960 s .
russia reiterates adherence to one - china policy
moscow , february 6 ( xinhua ) russian deputy foreign minister alexander alexander alexander alexander reiterated on the 6th when meeting with chinese ambassador to russia liu guchang that russia adheres to the one - china policy .
alekseyev said that russia has noticed chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence .
the russian government has always adhered to the one - china principle and firmly supported china 's efforts to realize the great cause of national reunification .
last year , after the chinese national people 's congress passed the " anti - secession law , " russia took the lead in openly expressing its support .
alekseyev said that the russian foreign ministry will issue a statement as soon as possible , reiterating the one - china stand , and opposing the attempt to advocate taiwan independence .
( overseas chinese ) third chinese compatriot killed in south africa two days
johannesburg , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese people 's association for promoting democracy and legal system in south africa , including the chinese government , has been seriously affected by the robbery of the bars they run in south africa , local time , lin yixing , a chinese overseas chinese , was injured in a bar in the early morning of 5 february local time .
according to feng yang , president of the liberal state chinese federation , the incident occurred in the werkemoom city , which is more than 130 kilometers northwest of burundi .
at that time , the shop owner , lin yixing , was clearing up the items on the pavement and was preparing to end the day 's business .
at that time , three customers in the shop were still in the same place , one of them was driven out of the pistol and rushed into the station to carry out robbery .
more than 40 years old , lin yixing fought against the scoundrels , and the scoundrels fired a gun at lin yixing and fled after he fled .
the local people who heard the news sent lin yixing to the hospital for treatment , because lin yixing 's body was full of perplexity , the blood strains of the blood seepage of the mao , which had spread through the whole body of lin yixing , died at around 3 : 30 a. m . on 6 february .
on 6 february , xu defu , consul of the chinese consulate in jordan , wu shenggang , and lin changming , vice president of the association of chinese association in south africa , rushed to burunlong to help the family of the deceased deal with the aftermath of the accident .
lin yixing became the third man of chinese who was shot and killed by the robbers within 36 hours , and was also the fourth chinese killed in south africa this year .
shanghai : part - time staff and college graduates become the main hourly workforce
beijing , february 7 ( xinhua ) the shanghai labor and social security bureau released the latest figures on the 6th on labor instructor price for 2006 , with 120 positions increasing by 11 , with the original salary being cut down .
according to an estimate by a relevant expert from shanghai 's labor and social security bureau , currently , shanghai 's hourly workers have exceeded 1 million .
according to a zhongguo qingnian bao report , college graduates and part - time personnel are the main components of the team of hours of work .
through direct investigation of nearly 8,000 hours of work , more than half of the employees are part - time employees , and their proportion is 51.11 percent .
the cultural level of part - time workers is generally higher , mainly engaging in highly technical jobs such as translating positions , and the proportion of part - time employees is as high as 81.70 % , and the number of fitness is 61.66 % .
high income is the main reason why many people are engaged in both hours and work .
it is understood that the monthly income of some positions can reach tens of thousands of yuan , and it is also difficult to ask for a new job as soon as the transcription is made , the monthly income of an hour - time job can reach more than 2,000 yuan , such as part - time financial couplets and celebrations of sips .
it is also a part - time job for those who satisfy their own interests and expand their knowledge .
for example , mr. gu , who works as a manager of the human resources department of a enterprise , will spend a few hours a week to handle the financial accounts of a foreign business representative office .
mr koo considered that the biggest revenue from part - time duties was to keep your knowledge updated and have the opportunity to involve another field . of course , the income of 2000 yuan per month also had some degree of attraction .
as some hours of employment are low , the form of work is flexible and free , and it is gradually favored by many graduates who are currently seeking employment , and 140 percent of the hourly jobs are graduates of tertiary institutions and secondary schools in the past three years .
i did n't want to work for an hour at the beginning , but after i did it for a few months , i felt it was better than the 9 th evening of 5 june , as i was working for a job .
after graduating from college , university student xiao huang did not work as much as he expected . finally , he hung the name at a guesthouse and used piano to play background music .
i am very satisfied with my current work , with an hour and 100 yuan , and with the environment , what i want to do now is to find more hours of work and make a living .
it is learned that hours of work has become a model for some graduates who are currently seeking jobs to accumulate experience in their work , and their skills are improving , and their skills are increasing .
the main focus of the graduates ' hourly work is on the posts of a knowledge - based and relatively skilled - style , such as translators and performing arts posts with a strong epoch , with a share of 22.1 % and 26.8 % .
some of the jobs are not high , such as food promotion and marketing agents , and so on , and unemployed personnel can work on a job after simple training .
statistics show that among the workers , 39,000 percent of the unemployed were employed , of which the proportion of the unemployed in the retail sector was as high as 68.4 percent , 58.7 percent of the catering and catering sector , and an important channel for the unemployed to find jobs .
wu bangguo inspects anhui
beijing , february 8 ( xinhua ) the standing committee of the political bureau of the communist party of china ( cpc ) central committee , wu bangguo , member of the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) , stressed during his recent inspection tour of anhui province that we should take the three important thinking of the " three represents " as our guide , persist in guiding the overall economic and social development with the scientific development concept , conscientiously implement the central guidelines and policies in light of local realities , further
from 6 to 8 february , wu bangguo went to wuxi 's xilianzi and other places in maanshan 's shanwu shan to inspect the rural areas ' sunshine scientific research institutes and colleges of higher learning .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui has the location advantages of linking itself with the north in the east and qilaixi regions . it is an important agricultural region in china . it has rich natural resources , a relatively good industrial foundation , a relatively strong scientific and educational strength , and a rich cultural and tourist resources . it has enormous development potential .
anhui should firmly seize the important opportunity of promoting the rise of the central region , always unswervingly persist in economic construction as the central task , conscientiously implement the central guidelines and policies in close connection with anhui 's realities , creatively carry out work , and implement the scientific development concept in concrete measures and in actual work .
we should sum up practical experience in a timely manner , fully rely on the masses of the people , vigorously support reform and innovation , and constantly open up a new situation in anhui work .
we should actively promote the building of a harmonious society , persist in doing a good job of safeguarding and developing the fundamental interests of the broadest masses of the people , take all our work as the starting point and end point , actively create conditions , and gradually resolve the practical problems of the masses .
wu bangguo stressed : china has reached a stage where we must rely more on enhancing our ability to make independent innovation and improving the quality of laborers to promote economic and social development . only by vigorously promoting scientific and technological progress and innovation can we achieve a leap in the quality of productive forces and promote economic and social development in real earnest shift to the track of scientific development .
we should establish and improve as soon as possible the system and mechanism that are conducive to innovation , increase investment in science and technology , encourage patent inventions , develop famous brands , accelerate the transformation of scientific and technological achievements into real productive forces , strengthen enterprises ' status as the main entity in independent innovation , and continuously raise the contribution rate of scientific and technological progress to economic growth .
we should support and encourage the participation of key technological elements in distribution , establish and improve a statistical index system that reflects our ability to independently innovate , study and formulate policies to support independent innovation in finance , taxation , and government procurement , and form a policy system to encourage independent innovation .
we should cultivate the awareness of innovation in the entire society , vigorously advocate the spirit of daring to innovate and be bold in competition , and strive to create a fine atmosphere of talent coming forth in large numbers .
wu bangguo pointed out : in the course of building a socialist country ruled by law , the npc has played an increasingly greater role in governing the country according to law .
to do a good job of the people 's congress work in the new situation , first , we should adhere to the correct political direction , unswervingly follow the road of socialist political development with chinese characteristics , and organically integrate upholding the party 's leadership of the people as masters of their own affairs and governing the country according to law .
second , we should closely center our work around the overall interests of the party and the state , closely focus on major issues in reform , development , and stability , and work closely around hot and difficult issues of common concern to the masses of the people , so as to continuously increase the practical results of the work of the people 's congresses .
third , we should give play to the characteristics and advantages of the work of the people 's congresses , uphold democratic centralism , handle affairs strictly according to the law , and make collective decisions on issues .
we should persistently follow the mass line , take the people as the foundation , exercise power for the people , be concerned about the people , and work for the people 's interests .
china proposes scientific research plan for 15 years
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) china will continue to promote its economic and social development by leaps and bounds , according to the state medium @ - and long - term scientific and technological development program ( 2006 - 2020 ) , which was promulgated by the state council on the 9th .
the four major scientific plans are research on the research of naganimi rice research and development and reproductive research in the research of eggs .
the outline points out that protein science is the commanding height of life science in which developed countries are engaged in fierce contention .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on research on the transformations of important biological systems , such as the moggite , the mogue of the dager group , the bio - phtheria group , the biologists of the chinese herbs , the biomedicine and the paragons , and the corresponding basic research on the application of the genetic - related basic research .
the outline also holds that quantitative regulation and control research is of a clear and forward - looking nature and may produce unestimated impacts on the social and economic development of mankind by 2030 .
china will focus on the study of the carrier and principles and methods of quantitative communications , calculating the size of the size of the system , the new quantum effect of limited - size quantitative system , the new principles and new technological foundation for quantitative regulation and control and measurement of the size of the size of the size , etc.
in addition , the outline points out that nanotechnology has become a strategic choice for many countries to upgrade their core competitiveness and is also one of the fields in which china is expected to achieve leapfrog development .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on this field , including the control of the perimeter assembly and function of nanotechnology , namari cerebrosphuric biology , nanoimatopoyimatopoy and measuring , and the achievements of nanocide technology in the energy environment , the nashimi information , and other fields .
china 's population growth is large , there are many flaws of birth , and there is a serious shortage of transplant organs , and the peak of aging is approaching . therefore , it urgently needs breakthroughs in reproductive and scientific theory and technological innovation .
according to the outline , china will focus on research on the growth of cells , the expansion of fossil and regulation , the maturity of cells of genetic cells , the declining and reversal of human reproductive functions , and the safety and ethics of the corrosion technology .
shanghai 's housing prices drop by nearly 7 percentage points last year
shanghai , february 9 ( xinhua ) the state 's macro - control policy on the real estate industry in 2005 has achieved remarkable results in shanghai , said huang qingjun , vice chairman of the state council .
according to the latest figures , shanghai 's real estate industry has seen a marked drop or slowing down in various indicators last year .
the price increase in the residential housing sector dropped 6.6 percentage points from the previous year , and the added value of the real estate industry declined 4.1 percent from the previous year .
pan jianxin , director of the shanghai municipal bureau of statistics , said at a recent press conference that the average selling price of residential housing in shanghai will be 6698 yuan per square meter in 2005 , up 313 yuan from 2004 .
the price of residential housing rose 9.2 percent over the previous year , and the rate of increase was 6.6 percentage points lower than the previous year .
the annual added value of the real estate industry was 670.23 billion yuan , down 4.1 percent from the previous year .
among the balance of loans by financial institutions , the balance of personal housing loans was 2.6494 - billion yuan , an increase of only 0.94 - billion yuan in that year , and the new increase in loans in 2004 reached 72.899 - billion yuan .
pan jianxin said : judging from the sales price of shanghai 's real estate , the selling price of commercial housing has fallen steadily .
the survey also showed that according to the latest data , the increase in real estate prices in shanghai dropped somewhat in 2005 , and the average selling price of residential housing was 6698 yuan per square meter , up 313 yuan per square meter over 2004 .
in 2005 , the level of housing sales prices rose 9.7 percent over the previous year , and the rate of increase was 6.2 percentage points lower than the previous year .
according to him , shanghai 's investment in real estate development amounted to 12.4686 billion yuan last year , up 6.1 percent from the previous year .
the sales area was 31.5887 million square meters , down 9.55 percent .
sales of housing sales totaled 21.63 billion yuan , down 4.55 percent from the previous year .
two light aircraft crashed in new zealand
wellington , february 9 ( xinhua ) two new zealand light planes were flying on the coast of the burundian area about 100 kilometers north of wellington , capital , on the 9th , killing two students from the flight academy .
according to a relevant responsible person of the local civil aviation department , the pilots of the two planes were all students of the flight academy of the university of marshall . they were still undergoing training and had not obtained a flight license .
at the time of the incident , two planes were in a non - air control zone . according to regulations , when flying in such a region , pilots should be held responsible for the navigation and security of the aircraft .
a witness at the scene of the incident told the new zealand media that he heard a huge explosion and saw the rapid crash of the plane .
another eyewitness also confirmed that before the plane crashed , he heard a huge explosion and saw a crash in the plane .
the cause of the collision is not yet clear , and the local civil aviation departments will investigate the incident .
chinese , argentine nationals strongly condemn chen shui - bian 's remarks on taiwan independence
buenos aires , february 8 ( xinhua ) the overseas chinese and ethnic chinese residing in argentina , which was established on the 8th , issued a solemn statement , strongly condemning chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence , and opposing any attempt to split taiwan from china .
the statement said : in his speech delivered on 29 january , chen shui - bian declared that he would abolish the nuc and the democratic progressive party [ dpp ] and the democratic progressive party [ dpp ] , and that the program of national unification and democracy of taiwan would be another step toward the dilemma of taiwan independence .
the aspirations of compatriots on both sides of the strait for peace and the good aspirations of the taiwan compatriots for peace and stability and development will be facing severe challenges .
the statement pointed out : we should resolutely oppose and contain the separatist activities of taiwan independence forces and safeguard peace and stability in the taiwan strait region . this is still the most urgent task for compatriots on both sides of the strait and the entire chinese community .
the statement stressed that the argentine council for promoting china 's peaceful reunification is willing to unite with all overseas chinese and chinese residing in argentina who uphold the one - china principle , and resolutely oppose any form of taiwan independence , and actively promote china 's peaceful reunification .
prc expert : us accusation of military threat from china
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the united states has recently submitted a report to congress on the " four - year defense review " to the pentagon , calling china the most likely military challenge to the united states .
experts believe that this is an unreasonable accusation of china 's normal national defense building , and the embarrassing of china 's military threat is interference in china 's internal affairs .
the " four - year defense assessment report " is a new defense guidance document of the pentagon .
the 92 - page report uses three paragraphs to expound china 's military strength and the corresponding measures that the united states should take to 15 times directly mention the two phrases of china , or china , which are china 's hot and hot , and says that as a major and emerging big country , china has the potential to conduct military competition with the united states , and if the united states does not have countermeasure , china will very likely develop bad - handed weapons in the united states
yao yunzhu , a researcher at the world military studies department of the chinese academy of military sciences , said : although senior us officials have expressed similar views on many occasions , this is the first time that the united states has proposed in its defense strategy report that china is a rising power that most likely to pose military challenges to the united states .
the report clearly for the first time made russia 's + indian + as a new strategic opponent , especially the so - called ' china threat military threat ' that has given more attention to the issue .
major general peng guangqian , research fellow of the chinese academy of military sciences ,
it is noteworthy that in the same day the " four - year defense assessment report " was officially submitted , us president bush also submitted to congress a government budget for fiscal 2007 , of which the defense budget for national defense is $ 43.93 - billion .
if you add to the additional military action in iraq and afghanistan , the national defense budget for 2007 will break through the $ 500 - billion mark , setting a new historical record , pankuang said , and this is almost the same as the total military spending of all other countries in the world .
peng guangqian said : the us trick of creating threats from other countries reflects the consistent style of the pentagon that creates enemies . its real purpose is to win more national defense funds and to gain more profits for the us munitions industrial group .
experts said that compared with the huge us military spending , china 's national defense spending is quite limited .
military expert deng hongzhou , who has participated in many times in the chinese national defense white paper , said : since the 1990 's , with economic development , china 's national defense spending has increased somewhat , but the proportion of national financial expenditure in the same period has been on the decline .
official data show that compared with 1979 , china 's defense spending dropped by nearly 10 percentage points from the state 's fiscal expenditures for the same period .
china 's national defense spending in 2005 was 244.656 billion yuan , only about one - fourth of the united states ' total , and the per - capita military expenditure of the people is only about one - sixty of the united states , and the per - capita military spending of the servicemen is about one - thirty of the us military .
the area of china 's territory and the area of china 's territory of the united states , which is roughly the same , is such a huge difference in military spending . it goes without saying that whoever 's military strength exceeds the normal defense needs .
peng guangqian said :
teng jianqun , director of the research department of china 's arms control and disarmament association , said : the us side should objectively assess china 's military construction . china 's peaceful development does not mean that china and the united states will become militarily opponents in the future .
the white paper on china 's national defense in 2004 says that china will firmly follow the path of peaceful development and implement a defensive national defense policy .
china 's past and present no longer have a chance to pose a threat to any country .
so far , china has not established military bases in any other country , nor has it sent a single soldier to other countries , while the united states has over 100 military bases overseas , and has deployed more than 100,000 troops in the asian region alone .
zhu feng , professor of the beijing university international relations college , said : china and the united states should increase communication and exchanges through the established channels , enhance mutual understanding and trust , comprehensively promote the constructive and cooperative relations between china and the united states in the new century , and jointly promote world peace and development .
( winter olympics ) the opening ceremony of the pudong winter games will be a passionate show
duin , february 9 ( xinhua ) the 20 th winter olympic games will be held on the evening of the 10 th local time at 8 : 00 p.m . local time in the capital city olympic stadium .
on 9 july , the preparatory committee for the winter olympic games in duling disclosed to reporters ahead of time the brilliant arrangements for the opening ceremony .
as for the opening ceremony , president of the organizing committee , carlos donani , was full of confidence . at the press conference , he said that the opening ceremony cost a total of 10 million euros , which is a top talent in various fields in italy .
he said : the night of 10 may be unforgettable . by that time , 350,000 viewers and some 2 - billion television viewers in the conference venue will see the opening ceremony full of passion and success .
the warm and lively flames of the five red - heart cloned white pigeons and the white snowfall and milk cows of the alps will all appear at the opening ceremony . the director introduced that the passive power and the italian style of brimming will become the theme of the opening ceremony , and as the theme of the largest scale , he will show the people the four extremely strong cultural style of the olympic games , which is the longest cultural scene in
the famous italian designer amani specially designed costumes for the opening ceremony . the famous italian fashion brand , moistino , will present a gift to the guide of the athletes ' attendance .
however , is the famous italian man , paolo paolo paolo , a song , at the opening ceremony , remembered this suspense in the end .
eight people who were able to shoot the flame on their head , the ice ball player , who used three meters long flames , showed the burning enthusiasm , and they would shuttle several times at 70 kilometers of speed .
the official said that this was the most satisfactory creation in the performance of the opening ceremony .
as for how to ignite the torch , the organizing committee did not reveal earlier , but the main torch tower , which is as high as 57 meters , will light the capital and the residents on the nearby alps .
white house announces bush 's planned visit to pakistan , india
washington , february 9 ( xinhua ) the us white house spokesman , mcclellan , said at a press conference on the 9th that although the comic incident of blasphemy against islamic predecessor mohammed has triggered a strong protest in the islamic world , president bush will still visit pakistan and india in march according to his plan .
mcclellan said that bush is looking forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he also said that he is making arrangements for this visit .
mcclellan made the above remarks when he held various demonstrations in some areas of pakistan to protest against the blasphemy of islamic unknown mohammed .
in january this year , when bush met with pakistani prime minister aziz in the white house , the two sides expressed their willingness to strengthen friendly cooperation and jointly crack down on terrorism that endanger the security of the two countries .
bush also said that at the invitation of the pakistani and indian governments , he will visit pakistan and india in march .
hamas seeks new cabinet , seeks breakthrough
ramallah , february 9 ( xinhua ) hamas formed a cabinet to seek a breakthrough
xinhua news agency , wang yuemin , huang
the palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) won the election of the legislative yuan , and how to draw a blueprint for the new government has become the focus of international attention at present .
what new policies hamas will pursue will directly influence the direction of the relevant parties in the peace process .
at the same time , the boycott attitude of the united states and israel has added variables to the future of the hamas government .
at present , all parties in palestine are stepping up consultations and making preparations for the formation of a cabinet involving difficulties and sensitive points in the future development of the situation .
which family is the prime minister 's post blossom ?
after hamas obtained the right to form a cabinet , some people outside the world worried that prime minister hamas might have differences with the current supreme leader abbas .
moreover , hamas leader mahathir , who is visiting egypt , stressed that the new palestinian government formed by hamas will not recognize israel . this tough signal has also aggravated international worries .
the united states and israel clearly stated that they would not accept a hamas government that holds the power of actual power , and threatened to suspend economic aid to palestine and to pass tax to the palestinians .
however , this does not prevent hamas from making flexible strategic adjustments , and it is a detrimental policy to select an independent person .
it is reported that in order to obtain the greatest amount of international recognition , the leaders of both home and abroad who gathered in egypt recently decided to choose an independent palestinian leader jahar - abdullah ahmad al-huadi , chairman of the board of directors of the islamic university of qatar , to be the new prime minister .
this move has not received any response from the relevant parties .
palestinian analysts , hossein , said that the most important thing for the prime minister to be elected is that the prime minister should be as much as possible to play down the tough guise of hamas , and only in this way can he guarantee the success of forming a cabinet .
how to distribute power ?
in terms of internal affairs , the biggest challenge facing the formation of a hamas cabinet is that it lacks sufficient experience in governance .
the palestinian daily said in an analysis that hamas has gathered human strength through social welfare projects , but lacks experience in governing and share the experience with the palestinian national liberation movement ( fatah ) , which has the ruling experience .
hamas proposed to establish a political partner with fatah after the election , and jointly set up a national coalition government , but fatah has not given a positive response to this .
fatah now has different opinions on whether to enter the cabinet or not , and one faction advocates participating in the new government and doing something in this regard ; the other faction refuses to invite hamas and is willing to do active opposition in the legislative council .
the informed source pointed out that with abbas ' advice , fatah gradually leaned toward joining the new government .
even so , hamas and fatah will bargain on the distribution of cabinet positions .
in addition , another way is to establish a legislative committee framework that disregards the party - to - party cabinet .
it is reported that hamas has also designed a qing - coloured expert - type government , but the specific list is not known .
in view of the attitude of the united states and israel , the technological expert - type government has also lost no time in forming a cabinet to reduce external pressure .
according to the provisions of the palestinian " basic law , " after the new legislative yuan takes office on 16 june , the work of nominating the prime minister and forming a cabinet will be completed within three to five weeks .
where will the armed forces go ?
the weapons in the hands of hamas are another thorny issue facing the establishment of a new government .
the united states and israel are very tough in their attitude and are firmly demanding that hamas abandon violence and refuse to use force to participate in government .
hamas leader mahathir stressed on 9 may that armed resistance is the strategic option of the organization .
the armed issue in fact includes the legality of weapons and the management of the armed forces .
hamas was elected the first largest party in the legislative yuan through democracy and freedom , with the result that its subordinate armed factions , such as qamanglang brigades , were legalized as a means of bringing them into the government 's security organs .
hamas has proposed to unify all factions into the armed forces of the palestinian national authority , but it has not received broad responses from the palestinian islamic jihad ( jad ) .
palestine now has more than 60,000 security personnel , and the overwhelming majority of them come from the fatah camp .
in addition , fatah also has some armed factions that have loosened organizational relations , such as the martyrs ' brigades of aksa martyrs , the sunflames of fatah , and so on .
hamas , which is responsible for forming a cabinet , must reach an agreement with abbas on how to manage the armed forces that are all in their own hands and distribute the right to ensure security .
according to local media reports , abbas intends to take charge of security and intelligence troops , police , and civil defense organizations , while the interior ministry of the new government is under the charge of the administration .
however , all parties are still holding consultations on this sensitive issue , and so far no documents have been made .
china issues first polar study report
beijing , february 10 ( xinhua ) china 's state oceanic administration ( sppa ) recently issued a " report on china 's polar survey in 2005 , " which was the first time in more than 20 years since china launched the polar scientific expedition .
the " report " comprehensively reflects the results of the 2005 polar scientific research activity in china , the progress and achievements of the polar field scientific research in zhenyu .
according to the " report , " at 22:15 on 9 january 2005 ( beijing time ) , china 's antarctic expedition team successfully landed on the needle ice - covered area of the highest inland icecap in the antarctic , and decided to arrive at the highest place of the ice at the height of 4093 meters at 3:15 on 18 january ( beijing time ) .
looking at the international arena where competition is becoming increasingly fierce , the chinese people are deeply moved and fearless and have the courage to open up new spheres . first , they have launched the most heated attack on the nanyang ice , and achieved success in one fell swing , thus realizing another dream of mankind in the antarctic .
sun zhihui , director of the state oceanic administration , said :
the " report " shows that on 24 march 2005 , china 's 21st antarctic expedition team successfully completed its mission and returned to shanghai . the inspection tour lasted 151 days and lasted 26,500 nautical miles .
on 18 november the same year , china 's 22 nd antarctic expedition team left shanghai and went to the antarctic zhongshan station to conduct scientific expedition . it will leave zhongshan station by the end of february 2006 and return to shanghai via australia .
since it is the first polar survey report issued by china , the " 2005 china polar study report " also provides a detailed analysis of the research projects in the polar region of china that started in the early 1980 s .
according to the " report , " china formally joined the " antarctic treaty " in 1983 , becoming a member of the antarctic treaty organization , and becoming one of the most influential members of the antarctic international organizations , including the council of directors of the antarctic scientific research council , the antarctic council for consultations on the antarctic treaty .
in 1997 , china became a member of the arctic science committee , and won the right to speak and decision on international polar affairs .
the " report " points out that over the past 20 years , china 's extreme geography has never been ready , has constantly developed , has initially been scattered , and has formed a three - station - a sunsunsunken north ; that is , the nanpolar changcheng station established in february 1985 , the antarctic zhongshan station established in february 1989 , the arctic north pole station established in july 2004 , and the snowy pan north expedition mission in the north
according to the " report , " by the end of 2005 , china had organized 22 southern pole scientific surveys , two of which were conducted by the arctic scientific research group , with the xue dragon boat " , which was carrying the platform of the dragon " ; two rounds of study at the north pole ; and so far , more than 3,000 people have visited the yellow river , and the attendant team members have visited the nashi , where they are on - site for an inspection
now we are building a third antarctic observation station , and also china 's first antarctic inland observation station , and we are doing feasibility studies and research work .
sun zhihui said :
after more than 20 years of hard work , china 's polar expedition has occupied a place in the world 's polar field , but compared with other major polar countries , there is still a big gap between them . we must try to catch up with them .
he said .
sun zhihui revealed that china will publish an annual report on polar study .
castro meets chinese , cuban guests
havana , february 10 ( xinhua ) president castro of the cuban council of state met with visiting chinese state councilor chen zhili on monday , during which both sides expressed their willingness to continue to strengthen mutually beneficial cooperation in education , science and technology .
president castro warmly welcomed state councilor chen zhili on his visit to cuba .
he said : cuba - china relations are very friendly and there are frequent high - level visits . the two sides have effectively promoted and strengthened friendship and mutual understanding . he hoped that the two countries will continue to deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in all fields , including education , science and technology .
chen zhili said : cuba is a country with important influence in latin america and the caribbean region .
the friendly exchanges between the chinese and cuban peoples go back to ancient times .
cuba is the first latin american country to establish diplomatic relations with new china .
after entering the new century , with the concern and promotion of the leaders of the two countries , the political mutual trust between the two countries has been deepening , the scope of cooperation has constantly expanded , mutual support and cooperation in international affairs , and sino - cuban friendly relations have entered a new period of comprehensive development .
she believed that with the joint efforts of both sides , sino - cuban friendly cooperation will certainly yield more fruitful results .
chen zhili also pointed out : the chinese government has always attached importance to exchanges and cooperation with cuba in the education field .
in recent years , educational exchanges between the two countries have become increasingly close and personnel exchanges have been frequent .
china actively supports the international conference sponsored by cuba , and has sent a delegation to attend the world higher education conference and the 2005 meeting on the elimination of illiteracy .
cuba 's basic education level is very high , and it is hoped that the exchange of relevant experiences will be further strengthened in the future .
chen zhili said : china and cuba have respective advantages in scientific and technological research and development , and can achieve mutual benefit and win - win results through cooperation in various fields .
the chinese side has helped cuba to develop some scientific research equipment , hoping to play a positive role in cuba 's scientific research and production .
she also briefed castro on china 's strategy of developing the country through science and education and the national science and technology conference .
chen arrived here on 9 february for a five - day visit to cuba at the invitation of the cuban government .
during this period , chen zhili met with vieno , minister of higher education of cuba , and inspected the xisi maixue , xisi , qoaititi , and santa maria primary school of the university of science at havana university .
the leakage of waste oil on beijing - kazakhstan highway closed
harbin , february 11 ( xinhua ) the beijing - kazakhstan highway was closed at about 2300 on february 10 , with a tanker leaking , causing the closure of some sections of the road .
according to the police of the traffic police unit of shuangcheng city public security bureau , at about 2300 on 10 april , three vehicle collision occurred at 58 kilometers of the beijing - ha highway . a bulky vehicle collided with a liquid vehicle and a tanker car . the gas tank was leaked by cracks and the waste oil was flown onto the road .
it is learned that the tanker was carrying waste oil that was produced after the coke .
because of the high capacity of waste oil , and at the same time , they are afraid of causing danger to flames in the past , the departments concerned have closed the road to the scene of the accident .
some roads from harbin to shuangcheng were closed , and many vehicles were bypassed .
at present , relevant departments are screening the scene and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
( hong kong , macao and taiwan ) and hutchison whampoa announce three italian fragrant parts of china 's capital market
hong kong , february 11 ( xinhua ) hutchison whampoa announced on february 11 that it will postpone its plan to list its third largest telecommunications company , shigui group , on its list .
huo jianning , general manager of the huanggang group , said that although none of italy 's three capital cities had been approved by all relevant regulatory agencies on the listing , the recruitment procedure must be completed within the next few weeks , and the time is really too hasty .
meanwhile , the european telecommunications market is weak and the market may not necessarily offer a good chance for italy 's listing at this moment .
in view of the greatest interests of the shareholders , it is decided to postpone the listing .
as to when to be listed on the stock market , mr fok said that it would depend on the future european telecommunications market .
he believes that from now until the time of the separate listing , the three italian panels need to launch extensive educational activities to enable the global telecommunications investment market to have a clearer understanding of the strong performance and favorable prospects of italy 's current .
according to the media , one of the world 's coordinators , jogson investment bank , which has three legs of italian chair , agreed to use 420 - million euros to sell 10 percent of its sunset stocks through private sales . the transaction is expected to be completed by the end of march this year .
china , myanmar to develop trade ties with china
yangon , february 12 ( xinhua ) chinese ambassador to myanmar humor and economic and trade counselor tang haihai , who arrived here on tuesday for a two - day visit , said that economic and trade relations between china and myanmar are now developing in a good situation of rich content , diversified forms of fraternal prosperity .
ambassador guan said : in recent years , the sino - burmese good - neighborly and friendly relations , which have been built on the basis of the five principles of peaceful coexistence , have been consolidated and developed . exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been expanding and deepening day by day , and economic and trade relations between the two countries have been constantly expanded and strengthened .
counselor tang haihai said : the exchange of visits by high - level leaders of the two countries has effectively promoted the development of economic and trade cooperation between the two countries .
during the exchange of high - level visits between the two countries in 2004 , the two sides signed 33 documents on economic and trade cooperation , most of which are being implemented and implemented .
he said : the figure is $ 1.14 - billion in 2004 and $ 12.09 - billion in 2005 , of which china 's exports are $ 935 - million and imports $ 274 - billion .
in last year 's bilateral trade , trade between china and yunnan ( including border trade ) amounted to $ 630 million , up 14.6 percent over the year before .
tang said that myanmar has become an important market for chinese enterprises to undertake contract projects , and the main projects in china include power stations , bridges , bridges , and factories ( such as sugar - powered milk mollen mollen mollen mill , etc. ) .
the chinese enterprises have started their engineering business in burma , which has led to the export of all categories of complete sets of mechanical and electrical products in china .
according to chinese customs statistics , in the past five to six years , the export of mechanical and electrical products has accounted for about 45.5 percent of china 's total exports to burma .
counselor tang also said that burma is rich in resources , and the chinese company has already started investing in the resource development projects of the burmese oil and natural gas hainanling mineral resources , and there is great potential for the development of sino - myanmar economic and trade cooperation .
he hoped that chinese enterprises will have a long - term vision , learn to avoid risks and prudently make decisions , establish a good image for enterprises , and ensure that the quality and quantity of the projects are completed as scheduled and win glory for the country .
ambassador to china liu yujun and counselor tang haijun both held that premier soe win 's forthcoming official visit to china is a major event in bilateral relations this year , and is of important significance to promoting political mutual trust , promoting bilateral cooperation , and promoting the further development of sino - burmese good - neighborly and friendly relations .
it is expected that the two sides will sign several documents on economic and trade cooperation during the visit .
world bank to reduce debts of poorest countries
moscow , february 11 ( xinhua ) world bank president wolfowitz said in moscow on wednesday that the world bank will completely eliminate the debts of the poorest countries by the middle of this year .
wolfowitz held talks with the finance ministers of various countries who came to attend the g - 8 finance ministers ' meeting in moscow on the same day .
he said in a statement issued after the meeting that the world bank will implement its debt reduction and exemption program before 1 july this year , and the world bank is now completing all technical work .
last year , the world bank donor countries completely freed the debts owed by 28 countries , and indicated that they would fill the funds for the trust funds concerned .
the international monetary fund has a relatively small amount of creditor 's rights , and the organization has started reducing or waiving its debts since the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz 's decision to exempt debts of 16 african countries from russia .
tvb becomes mainstream in us
new york , february 12 ( xinhua ) the number of high resolution digital television sets ( sunni ) , which are on the decline , has been increasing , with the sales of high - resolution tv sets ( likud ) and the market continuously expanding . the american television transmission agency has also stepped up its efforts to introduce corresponding high - definition television programs .
the newly - formed american super - powered olive soccer tournament has become a hot - spot match for american broadcast workers to greet the era of the high - tech television .
according to a report by the financial times a few days ago , the us congress recently passed a bill , stipulating that american broadcast workers must stop broadcasting the current simulated television signals on 17 february 2009 , and they can only broadcast digital signals .
this means that the comprehensive digitization of the american television program has already set a clear timetable .
the popularization of high - resolution digital television depends on consumers to purchase television sets , while on the one hand , it depends on the production organizations to provide high - definition digital programs .
although digital television has been repeatedly mentioned in the past few years , it has never become a reality .
this problem has taken a turn for the better this year .
according to the forecast of the american consumer electronics association , the number - tvs sales volume in the united states this year will exceed the traditional tvs for the first time , and 85.5 percent of the digital television sets are high - resolution products .
japanese researchers develop new highly efficient human kidney
tokyo , february 13 ( xinhua ) researchers of the japanese east china university ( tunghai ) developed a bio - human kidney , not only with the function of dividing the same as human kidney , but also with the function of maintaining the functional ingredients of substances , and it is also easy to transplant , and with in - depth research , it is expected to bring back to kidney patients .
according to a recent report by " nihon keizai industrial news , " the newly developed biological man - made kidneys are mainly made up of two parts . some people who have filtered xie waste and water from blood are using water to make kidneys . the other part is the baby tubes who have been reused to return to their blood from the original muddy water diameter and the pamino aceth acid .
the people made a kidney , a frozen person , and the thin tusuite of the liquid , all made from the silk line of the middle sky , and the interior side of the fragrant fragrant fragrant fragrant frames were also filled with the cardiac - skin tubes with the functions of dividing waste separation .
this type of skin cells can make the blood that has been exposed many times , the disease that has caused it , cross , and diagnoses , the variable hypertension , which is divided into amino acinacetamine acid and returned to blood , while at the same time can make the glucose , body , vivivid , and mineral substances re - enter the blood .
the previous human kidney relied on the compressive substances to filter the waste , which could not be completely eliminated , and it was not equipped to react the components of the inamino acid to the blood .
researchers used the sheep to carry out biological transplantation experiments , and the use of the pigs in the cliffs in the walls of the cliffs of human kidney was used by the pig 's skin cells .
two weeks later , researchers confirmed that human beings of kidney can be used .
at present , they are developing and using human kidney cells , and will start clinical research after verifying their safety .
china 's power industry still faces severe challenges
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) a responsible person of the state power supervision and control commission ( ndrc ) said on the 13th that despite the overall stable situation in the production safety of electric power in 2005 , power production safety is still facing severe challenges .
shi yubo , vice chairman of the state electric power supervision commission , made the remarks at the fifth ( enlarged ) meeting of the national electricity safety production committee held here today . he said that china 's electric power production safety was generally stable in 2005 , successfully fulfilled the task of meeting the peak and summer electricity supply , actively dealt with natural disasters , basically ensured the safe and stable operation of the electric power system , greatly reduced accidents in power production equipment safety and general electric networks , and raised the level
however , he pointed out that with the changes in the situation in power supply and demand and the successive inputs of a large number of newly built power generating units , power production safety will face new challenges .
these challenges include regional cyclical cylindrical supply and short - term electricity supply , the situation of electricity demand in some areas remain rather tight , and the fact that the benign mechanism for electricity prices has not yet been formed has led to the problem of power supply , and at the same time , the problem of the declining quality of electric power plants has not been effectively controlled , which will have a serious impact on the stable operation of power generating units , the weak power grids
shi yubo said : with the deepening of reform of the power system , many deep - seated contradictions will continue to be exposed . how to maintain the stability of the workers ' ranks and ensure normal production order will become new problems .
in view of the work of safe production of electric power in 2006 , shi yubo said : we should further strengthen the basic work of managing power supply safety , speed up the establishment and improvement of the mechanism for emergency management of electric power , improve the ability to deal with sudden incidents , strengthen coordination and cooperation between power plants and power networks , jointly safeguard the safety of power systems , continue to do a good job in supervising and managing the safety of power plants and dams , ensure the safety of power
it is reported that in connection with the new situation in power safety management , the power supervision committee will amend and improve the " interim regulations on investigating electric power production accidents " that have been promulgated this year . at the same time , supporting documents on the safety of major power plants and the second system for power supply protection will be issued successively this year .
in 2005 , the total electricity consumption in china reached 24689 - billion kw hours , an increase of 13.455 percent over the same period last year .
in the face of the situation of power supply and demand being too tight , the contradictions between coal , electricity , oil , and transportation are outstanding , and other disadvantages , all power enterprises have earnestly adopted effective measures to strengthen equipment management . last year , there was no major equipment accident in the whole country 's power production .
the number of power grids in the country dropped by 127 , while the number of equipment accidents dropped by 132 .
the south african envoy to china said that there is no group of crimes against chinese citizens in south africa
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the south african embassy in china , the charge d'affaires ad interim of the south african embassy in china , said in an exclusive interview with xinhua on the 13th that south africa does not have any organized crime against chinese citizens .
he also said that the south african government will spare no effort in cracking down on all forms of crime .
the south african government hopes to reduce crime rates to zero , and hopes to see every foreign - working overseas living and property safe in south africa be fully protected by local laws and citizens , he said .
since 2006 , four chinese citizens have been killed in south africa one after another , and the chinese world has expressed widespread concern over this .
the chinese foreign ministry has made representations to the south african side and reminded chinese nationals residing in south africa to further enhance their sense of security and prevention . overseas chinese compatriots have strengthened unity and friendship and cooperated with the police in cracking down on criminal activities .
yu yongbo expressed the most sincere sympathy and mourning to the families of the victims .
fu kangning said : we feel sorry for this and also hope the chinese people to believe that the south african government is earnestly investigating every case involving china .
the chinese embassy in south africa said that the south african police have successfully solved the case of chen jianqing , a fujian woman in south africa , who was killed on 5 february . a suspect has been arrested .
the police are now hunting for another suspect .
the south african embassy in china also disclosed that south african police arrested the criminal for shooting a hong kong businessman in january this year and the victim 's property has been recovered .
speaking about the possible impact of the killing of chinese citizens , fu kangning held that these incidents will certainly have a positive impact on the trade and tourism between the two countries and on exchanges in other fields . however , from a long - term point of view , the impact on the panels should not be big .
according to the south african embassy tourism commissioner , the embassy sent a letter of congratulations to more than 2,000 chinese on the first 15 days of this year .
according to chinese official statistics , south africa will continue to maintain the status of china as the biggest trading partner in africa in 2005 .
the volume of bilateral trade reached $ 7.27 - billion , up by 23.0 percent over the same period last year .
however , people in the tourism industry believe that the continuous killing of chinese citizens in 2004 has a significant impact on the number of tourists from china to south africa .
according to south african tourism administration 's statistics , in the first half of 2005 , china 's tourists to south africa were 20,331 , a decrease of 14.9 percent over the same period last year .
at present , there are about 200,000 chinese living in south africa , covering the towns and villages in south africa .
analysts here believe that south africa is faced with a wide gap between rich and poor , a high unemployment rate , and a rampant gun supply , and there is no deterrent to death penalty , so the crime rate is high .
many chinese do not understand english , and cash exist with their bodies , and this is more prone to become the targets of criminal elements ' attempts to seek financial attacks .
hk promotes english learning and training in the workplace
hong kong , february 13 ( xinhua ) the hong kong special administrative region ( hksar ) government launched a new scheme on wednesday to raise the english proficiency of more working people .
this young man who has a good academic style and a rich life as the theme , including promoting the learning and training of english through a series of publicity activities , and enabling employers to better understand how to help employees to improve their english proficiency .
up to now , the scheme has funded nearly 25,000 people to complete workplace english training , enabling them to reach the benchmark of hong kong 's workplace english for the relevant categories of jobs .
the hong kong workplace english campaign was launched by the government of the special administrative region in 2000 .
a key project of the workplace english campaign is the funding scheme for workplace english training .
the scheme aims to help employees who need to use english in their work to participate in the training and participating in specified international business english examinations to meet the required english proficiency in their respective workplace categories .
hebei 's aids test and test system is free , voluntary , and confidential .
shijiazhuang , february 14 ( xinhua ) the hebei provincial health department recently formulated and issued the " hebei provincial plan for voluntary consultation and testing of aids " ( trial implementation ) , which clearly stipulates the principle of free and voluntary protection for aids prevention and control , hoping to maximize the number of people and patients who have found hiv carriers and patients , and to further implement preventive intervention measures and policies .
the " plan " specifies the principles for the voluntary aids consultation and test work in hebei province : free access to the antibody monitoring and consultation for aids , voluntary inspection and consultation and consultation and consent to the information , monitoring and consultation of aids antibody , consultation and keeping information confidential , not evaluating the relevant acts of the seeking , and protecting the legitimate rights and interests of the hiv carriers and aids patients , and providing the relevant follow - up services for them .
the " proposal " calls for setting up aids consultation and testing centers at places where the convenience consulting personnel are located and for the selfish interests of the consulting personnel , a single room should be provided for them to consult one by one .
the choice of the advisers should give full consideration to individual personal quality , knowledge , and ability to exchange .
to protect the privacy of the consulting person , the detector 's checking leaflet can be registered with the code or number .
the " proposal " also calls on health administration departments at and above the county level to announce the medical and health organizations and the consultation telephone numbers of the local major media that undertake the voluntary and free medical check and control service for aids in order to help the masses understand the relevant information .
the ministry of public security still has a key point in work in extorting a confession from the police .
beijing , february 14 ( xinhua ) the public security ministry 's police supervision bureau ( psb ) has decided to set up a special administrative region ( sssb ) to allow criminal suspects to admit their crimes in china , said zheng baiang , deputy director of the police supervision bureau of the ministry of public security , at a press conference held here today .
the focus of the work of the supervisory departments is also to prevent the occurrence of these problems .
he also pointed out that some international organizations ' understanding of the law enforcement situation of the chinese police is not completely correct .
the latest information provided by the ministry of public security on 14 july shows that the ministry of public security issued in 2002 , in 2004 , the " regulations on the record keeping of retained measures for public security organs " and the " regulations on application of continuing interrogations by public security organs " , which have better guaranteed that the public security organs at the grass - roots level should apply measures for holding interrogations according to law .
since 1997 , in order to deeply promote the three key projects of improving the quality of life , namely , rectifying the confessions by torture , removing guns and police equipment , and abusing compulsory measures , the inspectors of public security organs throughout the country have persisted in going deep into the police unit and police patrol police unit , the police force , and the public security supervision and control centers and other frontline law enforcement units to enforce the law , and have been conducting an overt and self -
to prevent the occurrence of law enforcement problems from the source , the departments in charge of police supervision have further extended the touching point of law enforcement supervision , increased the number of calls , increased the number of calls , the number of requests , the number of cases of cases on file and cases involving the number of cases involving public security personnel and the inflow of information on theft and larceny vehicles .
sun yun - suan dies of illness in taipei
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chairman of the taiwan straits exchange foundation , sun yun - hsuan , who was honorary chairman of the taiwan straits exchange foundation , suffered heart failure and blood shock due to acute infections , died in taipei on the early morning of the 15th .
sun yun - suan was born on 11 november 1913 in shandong 's penglai and graduating from the department of electrical machinery of harbin industrial university .
he is a member of the 10 th and 13 th kmt central committee , a member of the 12 th central standing committee of the 12th central committee , and member of the presidium of the 14th central committee appraisal committee , and a member of the 15 th central committee .
he was once the head of the executive yuan of the dongfu administration , and others of the taiwan authorities .
heilongjiang to promote ecological environmental impact assessment and countermeasures for songhua river water pollution
harbin , february 16 ( xinhua ) the water level of the songhua river was lowered during the dry period and the ice layers , and the heilongjiang province will actively promote the ecological environment of the songhua river 's water pollution and implement the measures .
this reporter has learned from the heilongjiang provincial environmental protection bureau that the major pollution incident in the songhua river , which was organized by the state environmental protection administration , has been confirmed to be 15 special topics , which are divided into three categories : emergency environmental evaluation and countermeasure , ecological evaluation , evaluation of ecological effects , and comprehensive evaluation of pollution control projects with human bodies , and comprehensive evaluation of technology , which are under three stages .
currently , 10 scientific research institutes in heilongjiang province have more than 60 people who have undertaken 14 technical research tasks .
it is reported that the environmental protection departments and relevant scientific research institutions will focus on five special topics -- research topics on emergency environmental assessment and countermeasures , and strive to solve environmental problems of urgent concern to the masses .
these include mainly controlling the concentration of surface pollutants and the total number of expatriates that predict pollution on the songhua river 's water consumption safety impact on the consumption of pollutants .
the heilongjiang provincial environmental protection department will also intensify environmental monitoring along the songhua river and severely deal with environmental pollution incidents caused by illegal waste discharge and illegal construction .
heilongjiang will send environmental law enforcement personnel to urge various localities to comprehensively improve the environment of small river valleys and improve the environment management system for the flow of water from the xiangxiang river and tongwang he .
beijing university sets up lingtang to mourn wang xuan
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a special group to commemorate the 100 th anniversary of the founding of beijing university at 9 am on the 15 th after a few days of intense arrangements , li jiangtao , member of the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) , said here today .
at about 0800 , the mourning hall was not open until now , and dozens of people outside the gate have already lined up .
at the memorial hall of the centennial anniversary of beijing university , this reporter saw that a black streamer was hanging on the wall of the wall of the hall : a warm mourning for academician wang xuan .
the lower part of the horizontal wall is a huge portrait of wang xuan , who is wearing glasses , with a smile on the surface , and with an elegant air of high temperament .
the remains were placed on both sides of the wall with several dragon trees , and dozens of wreaths were scattered on both sides .
one of the relegacies of the wreath writes : the scene of qin sheng 's brimming with the foundation of tang shaohua 's shining , the delivery of the electricity , the contemporary lead blueprint , the sunlight , the sunlight , the sunlight , the sunlight , the sunlight , and the sun .
the mourning hall was in a low mood and the atmosphere was filled with heavy burdens .
among the crowd of mourning , there were beijing university leaders and teachers , friends with academician wang xuan , liu xiangdong , and many people who had not met him with him .
some of them have flowers in their hands , some are carrying a flower basket , and each of them is wearing a small white flowers in their chest , slowly walking to the ruins of academician wang ch'eng , and bowed their hearts to pay respects .
many people could not help but shed tears .
zhang wenbin , who was once director of the state administration for cultural heritage , was an old alumni of beijing university . he told the reporter that more than ten years ago , he was still working in henan province and asked professor wang xuan to give a report on scientific and technological innovation to the provincial party committee cadres .
academician wang xuan 's teaching of the han dynasty was a model for us to learn from him . he made important contributions to the country and society and the people will never forget him .
professor jin ruilin of the beijing university law school was an old friend of wang xuan for more than 40 years .
a few days ago , he was just discharged from hospital , and today he insisted on having a different stand with his old friends .
in his message to the public , mr kim could not suppress his grief and took his own tears on many occasions to sweep his mouth .
he told the reporter that professor wang chin 's life was very frugal , and he was already a professor at tong fuyuan 's garden , and he had already achieved very high results , but he still stayed in a very small house for many years .
later , he moved to chengzeta , and lived in 70 to 80 square meters of land for more than ten years .
beijing university gave him 140 square meters of a large house of more than 140 square meters located in the blue chips . he did not want to see a high - level housing provided by fang zhengcheng building , nor did he want to be used as a flager .
mr. jin recalled with deep feeling that during his visit abroad , wang chin will leave him with a high treatment provided by foreign countries , but he will resolutely apologize .
at the beginning , he insisted on not applying for an academician himself , but he was a man who was only able to fill his list after mr. zhou peiyuan had mobilized many times .
mr. jin 's deep feelings also included wang chin 's attitude toward training young people . he repeatedly stressed that he still looks at what achievements i have now , not to see me himself , but to train young people .
mr. jin said : when he was 50 years old , wang ch'uan began to pay attention to cultivating young people . he always stressed that we should pave the way and willingly make contributions to young people .
this is something that you can say to a very successful scientist .
this reporter has learned from the beijing university information center that from 9 : 00 am on 15 february to 1200 on 19 february , the mourning hall of academician wang xueen was opened to the public from 9 : 00 to 1200 on 19 february , and was open to the public for the public to offer condolences .
the cppcc national committee vice chairman yang xuding , who is known as the contemporary rixle , said that the third world science academy academician wang xuan , a third world academician from the chinese academy of sciences , died at beijing 's heihe hospital at 1:30 on 13 february after his illness was not cured due to illness .
npc , chilean parliament set up mechanism for exchange
wu bangguo attended the signing ceremony and signed the agreement .
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) wu bangguo , chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) , attended the signing ceremony of the agreement on the establishment of political dialogue relations between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament at the great hall of the people on the afternoon of the 15 th . he also signed the agreement .
the exchange mechanism between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament has been formally established .
it is reported that president romeilo of the chilean parliament and speaker of the chamber of deputies amen iseno signed the agreement in santiago , capital of chile , a few days ago .
according to the agreement , the two sides will establish a mechanism for political dialogue between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament in accordance with the principles laid down in the communique on the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and chile , and the two sides will set up a dialogue committee to rotate the meetings of the two countries on unregular occasions to jointly promote the comprehensive development of relations between the two countries .
chilean ambassador to china kalafi karimala attended the signing ceremony .
china to promulgate regulations on protection of information network
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) many websites have been reprinted and reprinted in newspapers and magazines , and have increased their clicking rates , but many have not been authorized and have not paid any expenses . the state copyright bureau 's director wang ziqiang was not in charge of the expenses . at a press conference held by the state council information office on the 15th , wang ziqiang , said that the state council will promulgate the regulations on protecting the internet dissemination of information .
wang ziqiang said : according to the current legal provisions , the works that have been published in newspapers and periodicals can be used without the consent of the author if they do not make any litigation . at the same time , the state copyright bureau specially drew up the standard for reprinting and payment of newspapers and periodicals in accordance with the law .
however , according to the existing legal provisions , newspapers and periodicals enjoy the statutory right to publish such licenses , and at present the internet does not enjoy the statutory right to permit such publications .
according to the relevant judicial interpretation of the supreme people 's court , the use of legal permission for newspapers and periodicals can be applied to the internet , that is , the small articles published on the internet by newspapers and periodicals , the author has not made any secret statement that is not allowed to use the internet , and at the same time pay for the publications .
however , since judicial interpretation does not have any provisions on remuneration standards , it is not paid when the internet uses these works .
regarding the use of these short - term works on the internet , it is necessary to determine the number of articles from the legal level .
wang ziqiang said : is it possible to include it in the scope of legal definition , and if the regulations on protecting the right to disseminate information network are promulgated this year , then affirm the fragile .
russian military says georgian parliament resolution will not affect russian peace - keeping operations
moscow , february 15 ( xinhua ) russian defense ministry information official sergey selezov said on the 15th that the decision made by the georgian parliament on russian peacekeeping forces will not affect russian military peace - keeping operations in the near future , and russian military personnel will continue to carry out peacekeeping missions in the south ossetia region .
the chairman of the cis affairs committee of the russian state duma ( lower house of parliament ) , kono , said on the same day that the resolution of the georgian side would undermine stability in the region and would have an adverse impact on russian relations .
he stressed that the georgian parliament resolution has made relations between russia and georgia move toward a worsening direction .
he said that georgia 's accusation against russia is absurd .
the georgian parliament passed a resolution on the same day , demanding that the russian peacekeeping forces stop their peacekeeping operations in south ossetia , but no specific deadline for the russian peacekeeping forces to withdraw from the region is set .
the georgian parliament accused russian peacekeeping personnel of failing to fulfill their obligations and regarding russian actions in the conflict area as a muddle - headed attempt to swallow up the territory of georgia .
the georgian parliament demands that the government take active action to consider entering the south ossetia region to replace the current russian peacekeeping operations in the region .
the georgian parliament also instructed the government to revise and decide on the relevant agreements concerning the entry of russian peacekeeping personnel into the conflict - stricken areas .
south ossetia is a georgian autonomous state and bordering the north ossetia republic of russia .
after the disintegration of the former soviet union , it declared its independence on its own and was in a state of confrontation with the georgian central government for a long time .
at present , there is a peacekeeping camp in russia that has 500 people .
the unit was formed by russian cholidiki kono , a siphonsieksailors , in 1992 .
four responsible persons of the fire in liaoyuan hospital will be charged with major responsibility accidents
changchun , february 16 ( xinhua ) the hospital in liaoyuan city , jilin province , has been closed for 11 people , including the hospital 's head of the electrical engineering squad zhang diankun and four others , who are responsible for major accidents .
on 15 december 2005 , the largest hospital in liaoyuan city in the hospital , xiangxin hospital , was hit by a fire , which eventually killed 39 people .
in this fire , the area of fire was over 5,000 square meters .
it is learned that this is the most serious accidents in the medical and health system in the whole country since the founding of new china .
according to investigations , at about 1630 on the same day , the liaoyuan city hospital suddenly stopped power , and according to the hospital 's circuits , if electric power shutter and electric gates are stopped and changed , they will automatically jump to the deputy gate and continue to maintain normal power supply at the hospital . however , the electric gate was not automatically dipped , and the head of the electric engineering squad zhang diankun forcibly sent the electricity to the
and the underground cable lines , more than ten cables , which were smoke - free , were entangled together without a seemingly strain . however , such cables should be put up and put up fire prevention walls very till they are on hand .
therefore , the 57 - year - old zhao yongchun , head of the electrical installation team of the liaoyuan textile company , and sun fenglin , retired cadre ( senior engineer ) of the liaoyuan electronics industry bureau , returned to work after retired workers of the liaoyuan city central hospital . he will also be charged with the charge of being suspected of having committed major accidents .
china 's rural tourism industry holds first tour in tin lung tuen mun
guiyang , february 16 ( xinhua ) the pingdam county of guizhou province , tianlong village , pingda county , guizhou , on the morning of 16 february , children of the elder people wore holiday clothes one after another , and their faces were filled with joy and jokes .
at 10:30 in the morning , after the five - year - old village elder zheng peimin , 80 , who was wearing a green long shirt , sounded the first beam of the tour of guizhou in china 's rural areas .
tin lung tuen mun village is a typical representative of the development of tourism in guizhou 's rural areas and a national village tourism demonstration center .
as the descendants of the tuen mun military , as the ming dynasty 's flood years , the yan chuanbao people have a history of more than 600 years .
here , we can see from every person wearing a wide - sleeved blue long cheongsam , the ancient han culture and the clothes of the ancient han nationality being preserved in villages in tuen mun .
it is learned that tianlong village has relied on this cultural and traditional advantage to develop village cultural tourism since 2002 , and in 2005 , the income of the tickets alone reached 3.8 - million . over 470 percent of the rural households in the village participated in the sale of tourist goods through food and drink transportation . the per capita income of the peasants has increased from more than 130 yuan in 2002 to 2640 yuan in 2005 .
yang shengming , director of the guizhou provincial tourism bureau , said : after the first tour of tianlong 's tatungshan , the new rural tourism breathon , the new old warm , and the new guise are the theme of the new spring festival , and the various rural tourism activities in various places in guizhou will reach 35 .
so far , more than 130 villages and villages in guizhou have launched various rural tourism projects . by 2005 , more than 600,000 rural households in the province have extricated themselves from poverty through developing tourism .
in january , housing prices in 70 cities across the country rose 5.5 percent , while shanghai housing prices continued to decline
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the total number of housing sales in 70 large and medium cities nationwide rose by 5.5 percent in january , down 0.7 percentage points from the previous month .
the price of the housing in shanghai continued to decline .
the national development and reform commission statistics bureau released on 16 june , which showed that among the 70 large and medium - sized cities , the sales prices of some houses rose slightly in january , compared with the same period last year , with the increase in hohhot and haoliju exceeding 10 percent , while the sales prices of shanghai housing continued to decline by a small margin , decreasing by 0.4 percent compared with the same period last year .
statistics from the same caliber show that in the first quarter of last year , shanghai 's housing sales prices rose 19.11 percent over the same period of last year . following that , the price changes occurred , with a slight decline in the second half of last year .
in january this year , the prices of newly built housing in 70 large and medium - sized cities rose 6.9 percent over the same period last year , 0.2 percentage points lower than the increase in the previous month .
the cities that have registered a relatively high increase in housing prices include dalian 's 18.9999 percent of liupstream and haoji 14.7 percent of shenzhen 's 10.011 percent of chongqing 's 90.1 percent , while shanghai dropped 3.1 percent compared with the same period last year .
the cpc central committee organization department has called for further intensifying supervision over the selection and appointment of leading cadres and cadres .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the central organization department recently printed and distributed opinions on strengthening cadre supervision .
the opinions urged the organization departments at all levels to proceed from strict management and care for cadres , and to ensure that supervision over cadres is permeated with every link of routine management in the evaluation of cadres ' training and evaluation , selection and appointment of cadres , establish and improve a mechanism for supervising the work of strict rectification and correction in case prevention is discovered and promptly , and earnestly strengthen supervision over the selection and appointment of leading cadres and cadres .
the opinions pointed out : the main task of supervising cadres of organization departments is to supervise leading bodies and leading cadres , with the focus on strengthening supervision over principal responsible persons of leading bodies , and second , supervision over the selection and appointment of leading cadres of party and government organizations , and stress the implementation of the " regulations on the work of selecting and appointing party and government leading cadres . "
in supervising leading bodies and leading cadres , the opinions put forward : we should persistently and persistently do a good job of education on ideals and faith and education on fighting corruption and promoting clean government , permeate the education with the training , selection , and management supervision of cadres , guide and urge leading cadres to strengthen their party spirit , persist in building a party that serves the interests of the public and governs for the people , and build a strong ideological and moral line against corruption and degeneration .
when holding talks on the new cadres , we should set clear and definite demands on honesty and self - discipline .
we should urge leading bodies at all levels to adhere to democratic centralism , establish and improve rules and procedures for making decisions on matters that are discussed and that are not on guard , and conscientiously implement the system of combining collective leadership with individual responsibility for division of labor .
we should give prominence to the supervision of principal responsible persons of leading bodies , and the responsible persons of organization ( personnel ) departments should often chat with the principal leaders of the next - level leading bodies in heart - to - heart talks and understand their ideological and work style .
establish and improve the system of daily management and supervision of leading cadres , and regularly understand and analyze the ideological and work style of the leading cadre contingent and put forward opinions and measures for resolving problems .
the system of admonitory talks and letters among leading cadres should be implemented , and admonitory talks or written inquiries should be made in a timely manner when problems of symptoms are discovered .
we must conscientiously investigate and understand the outstanding problems that the masses have reported , and give criticism and education to those who have problems or who are in different situations , and those who violate discipline and law should be transferred to law enforcement organs , and we must take appropriate measures to clarify those problems that have not been solved through investigations .
at the same time , we should combine strengthening supervision with encouraging cadres to boldly explore new ways and blaze new trails , and pay attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the opinions demand that organization ( personnel ) departments at all levels earnestly strengthen supervision over the selection and appointment of party and government leading cadres .
we should further improve the system of recommending cadres for examination and nomination , deliberating on and discussing decisions on matters concerning cadres , and strictly ensure that the selection and appointment of cadres are carried out in a satisfactory manner in order to select cadres who are politically close to and who are politically competent and who have the ability to work in their own work style .
we should step up inspection of the implementation of the regulations on appointing cadres , seriously investigate and deal with acts that violate the regulations on appointing cadres , and resolutely check unhealthy trends and corrupt phenomena in the use of personnel .
and implement a system of supervising and investigating the problem of personnel being used in serious violation of regulations , and intensify supervision and handling of cases .
establish and improve the system of affixing responsibility for the work of selecting and appointing cadres , and scientifically define the principal responsibility content of each link of the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres in accordance with the principle of unanimity of rights and responsibilities , and clearly define the methods of investigating and affixing responsibility .
we should give full play to the role of the masses in supervising the work , and establish a sound mechanism for reporting and reporting on problems that are easy and safe .
give play to the role of supervision by public opinion , give timely reports to the news media on the work of selecting and appointing cadres , and accept supervision by public opinion .
the opinions put forward the need to further improve the mechanism of coordination and cooperation in cadre supervision .
organization ( personnel ) departments must strengthen coordination with discipline inspection organs and establish a mechanism of cooperation with discipline inspection organs in handling the cadres ' work of improving party style and building a clean and honest government and with which to link the people with the responsibility system to strengthen the joint supervision .
they should work in coordination with discipline inspection organs to conscientiously do a good job in inspection work , improve inspection methods , perfect inspection system , and improve the quality of inspection tours .
they should work together with the auditing organs to conscientiously implement the system of auditing leading cadres ' economic responsibility .
improve the internal supervision mechanism for the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres of organization departments .
taiwan authorities use illegal investment in mainland china as a top - level official
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the taiwan authorities ' economic affairs department decided on the 15th to punish one of taiwan 's chijing shih - hsiung lianhua electronics co , ltd. ( called " lianxiang " ) 5 million new taiwan dollars , which was used to provide assistance in the violation of regulations to establish and launch an experimental mainland - based , mainland - based , and mainland - based , and mainland - based , joint - stock company .
taiwan 's chung - kuo shih - pao reported that this was chen shui - bian 's proposal of actively managing cross - strait economic and trade policies that were effective and open . the taiwan authorities imposed a fine on taiwan businessmen investing in the mainland .
according to reports , the taiwanese economic ministry 's examination board said that the coup was given a penalty because it violated the regulations governing cross - strait relations of the people on both sides of the strait and the procedures for permission to engage in investment or technical cooperation in the mainland .
in the future , the group will also discuss the situation with former chairman cao xingcheng and others .
the liuxun electric power case began in february 2005 . at that time , the taiwan prosecuting department mobilized more than 100 people to conduct surprise checks on the residential and office of several high - level personnel . they said that unicom was suspected of providing funds and manpower resources for the science and technology personnel on board the frigates that were investing in the mainland .
cao xingcheng , who was the chairman of the board of directors of the united microelectronics , publicly said that unicom did not violate any regulations of the taiwan authorities . the united microelectronics corp . is to help with the kanchorage technology . if unitchon does not enter the mainland market as soon as possible , it will lose business opportunities .
after that , the taiwan authorities ' financial supervision and management committee , heiyu , on the grounds that they violated the regulations concerning commercial information disclosure , imposed a fine of nt $ 3 million to united microelectronics .
on 9 january 2006 , the board of directors of united microelectronics accepted cao xingcheng 's resignation . several hours later , cao xingcheng was formally charged for suspected illegal investment in the mainland .
unicom and taiwan 's loose - electric power company ( called " supersonic " ) also claimed that taiwan 's chichin electric was a top hi - tech enterprise on the island .
over the past year , the taiwan authorities have been paying close attention to a series of actions to investigate and handle unicom electric power .
second breeze of the chinese mainland , macao , taiwan , macao , april 6
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the second round of the macao liangyu riverin competition , which was my second most popular match , announced in beijing on the 17th that it is a scattered and popular subtitle of macao that is featuring the themes of my heart to the chinese people around the world .
the curtain of the " proverb of the chinese language and the chinese literature association " was jointly sponsored by the macao foundation and the hundred flowers literature and art publishing house . chen jiangong , vice chairman of the chinese writers association , and others were also appointed as chairman of the committee .
in 2004 , the first time i have been on my heart with my own heart was the fifth anniversary of macao 's return to the motherland . the first time i was here was my heart . the audience at home and abroad responded positively . the organizing committee received more than 8,000 entries , and more than 10 winners at home and abroad were invited to the macao sar to receive awards .
wu zhiliang , executive member of the macao foundation , told a press conference on 17 july that last year , macao 's chengguan district was listed as a world cultural heritage list . this not only signifies that the people of macao have long affirmed macao 's life and model of community management , but also implies that the chinese nation 's common tradition of being harmonious and friendly and loving is being spread and developed in the macao sar . therefore , the macao sar government has decided to make macao 's cultural
wu zhiliang said : it is precisely under such a good cultural atmosphere that the macao foundation and the hundred flowers and literature publishing house " the pellet and the sea overseas " decided to re - cooperate and hold the second time of the proudly essay contest in macao , which i am deeply moved by . i hope that the entries will display their patriotic feelings and feelings of love for macao .
according to presentations , the match was concluded on 1 september this year . the " bulletin and the overseas edition " will open a special column to select the entries .
the results of the selection will be announced in early 2007 in the macao sar .
shandong province successfully implements an transplant for heart transplant for infants
xinhua news agency , jinan , february 17 ( zhang yuqing and shen xiangqin ) the heart disease research institute of the jinan military region recently successfully carried out an transplant operation for infants .
this reporter saw in the center of the seriously ill guard on the 17th that the babies on the following 51 days were full of moisture , and all monitoring and inspection indices were normal and they had passed the dangerous period in a stable manner . they were playing with great interest the toys bought by the healthcare personnel .
the doctor who received the treatment that day said that the child from the rural area of ta'an , shandong was sent to hospital by his parents . she was purple and purple . she was in difficulty breathing , and after checking and diagnosing the precursor of the anthropy , she was required to transplant heart .
the heart transplant operation is the most difficult and most complicated operation in the heart operation .
in particular , the heart transplant operation for babies under one year old is still empty in china .
the jinan military region 's center for cardiovascular disease has organized experts to repeatedly appraise the situation and carefully design an operation and post - operation guardianship program , made independent innovations in the method of conforming to the blood vessels , and conducted experiments on animals .
at 0800 on 28 december 2005 , the operation formally began .
the heart of the body comes from a patient who died of the sudden parapeutic distress caused by the predecessors ' indecent lung nutrition .
the operation must be in line with six blood vessels , with more than 510 needles sewed , and each needle is less than 3 mm .
the operation was a complete success after 295 minutes .
state administration of safety : curbing coal mine accidents and other major and extraordinarily serious accidents
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) four instances of having been hit by a disaster of more than 100 people have occurred in a row in beijing , capital of southwest china 's guizhou province , which has caused heavy and extraordinarily serious accidents such as mine - controlled coal mines to become the top priority of the national safety supervision work this year .
this reporter learned from the state administration of production safety on 17 july that it is necessary to effectively curb the frequent occurrence of extraordinarily serious coal mine accidents , and coal mines are the most important tasks .
this year , the state administration of coal mine safety and safety supervision will do the following three things well :
likewise , he continued to fight well the battle of battle of battle with gas .
this year , the gas control project will put the blending of the bronze beating and the shock of the bronze .
if the gaoez mine does not have a string of fixtures before it takes them , then it will order them to stop production immediately according to law .
prc : qianxian : ' enemy ' continues to fight a battle of rectifying and closing down .
we must make the 5243 public announcements to society , plus the fact that more than 700 coal mines recently reported in various localities have closed down one by one a .
we should regard the closure of enterprises as regular work and continuously close down those coal mines that sabotage resources and pollute the environment without safety conditions .
xi jinkun tightens basic management of coal mine safety .
we must immediately correct and stop the slump of the management of large state - owned mines and guide the management of small mines that are in chaos .
in particular , we must pay close attention to key state - owned coal mines and absolutely not allow overly - capable and ultra - intensity personnel to produce .
this year , the production safety control indices require that the number of deaths of various kinds nationwide is down by 3-3 percent from last year , with coal mines falling by 3.55 percent .
the exceptionally serious accident involving more than 10 people has occurred , with the number of accidents falling by 50 percent , with coal mines falling by 70 percent .
these control indices have been assigned to various provincial - level people 's governments , and various localities are now implementing them in different strata to the grass - roots and enterprises .
statistics show that in 2005 , 5986 miners died in the country 's coal mine accidents , a drop of 0.7 percent compared with the same period last year .
however , more than 10 people were killed in one major accident , with the number of victims rising 66.6 percent year on year .
barroso calls for positive compromise in kosovo 's future status talks
belgrade , february 17 ( xinhua ) the number of eu members in the european union ( eu ) was cut by a quarter on wednesday , the prime minister said , hoping that all parties concerned would make a compromise in the future negotiations on kosovo 's status and make preparations for the eventual establishment of a democratic and multi - ethnic integration .
barroso met with cote d ' ivoire sergiy serdididididididia , president of the interim authority of kosovo , and other representatives . he told the media that all parties concerned in kosovo should adopt a tolerant attitude and establish a democratic and multi - ethnic minorities kosovo . kosovo , which respects the government 's ruling power and the rights of ethnic minorities , can only be recognized by the international community .
he also stressed that the european commission will do its best to help kosovo develop .
barroso also expressed his appreciation for kosovo 's current difficulties in implementing the eight standards of the kosovo democratic process proposed by the united nations .
he believed that the implementation of these standards is a key factor affecting kosovo 's integration with europe .
he also called on all serbs in kosovo to join the institutions of kosovo , and make positive contributions to the realization of democracy and the integration of various ethnic groups .
barroso arrived here on monday for a one - day visit .
earlier , barroso visited croatia and cyprus , and he will also visit macedonia 's lithuania and bosnia - herzegovina .
( winter olympics , stimulants ) news analysis : the incident of sending children may be unclear .
duin , february 17 ( xinhua ) the incident of hira is likely to be unsettled
xinhua news agency , beijing , june 12 , by reporter peng gao
although italy has repeatedly issued an order , it is still a matter of time that athletes who were discovered during the turin winter olympic games may face the sufferings of jogging powder during their tenteries , judging from various circumstances , such a situation is not very likely to occur in the main character of the first daxis scandal in this winter olympics .
the capital city winter olympics , the first doping scandal since the opening of the city , was exposed on 16 june . o. para was found to have used banned drugs and cards .
the next day , the international olympic committee announced that the group of leavers had been sent out of the winter olympics . the two women 's fifteen - kilometer silver medals for the first two women 's and 15 kilometers of the winter olympics that she obtained at this winter olympics have also been taken away .
the international winter season 's two alliance made a decision on the same day on the same day to impose a two - year penalty on the group of malvinas .
the ioc has always stipulated that athletes are found to be using stimulants at the olympic games , and they will be eliminated and deprived of their qualifications for the competition , but not subject to legal sanctions .
however , according to italian law , athletes carrying and using stimulants are criminal acts , and the judiciary has the right to directly arrest and investigate athletes who use stimulants , and those who try to defy the law are also under the custody of three to three years .
last december , after a year of hard bargaining , the international olympic committee and the italian government finally reached an agreement after a one - year - long hot price . the two sides agreed to handle the incident of athletes using stimulants according to italian law during the current winter olympics .
with the unremitting efforts of the international olympic committee , italy made a concession four days before the opening of the winter olympic games , promising that the police would not enter the olympic village to search for the athletes ' place . however , the screened - in athletes who are of a positive nature will still be investigated by the italian procuratorial organ .
it is reported that the italian government supervises the pudong winter olympic games , persian , has handed over the doping incident to the duling procuratorial organ .
however , the ioc and peter campus have not yet confirmed the case .
russian winter second team team teammate anthony demiyov disclosed at noon on 17 july that the serf left dublin and returned to china .
he has been a member of the chinese sports official who has worked in the world 's anti - doping agency for many years , and said that once he returns to china , this incident may eventually be unworthy of the guard .
shi kang - cheng said : the international olympic committee and the italian government have never thoroughly resolved the issue of anti - stimulant at the winter olympics games . even italian procuratorial organs ' earnest involvement in the incident , the result is still hard to say .
according to the previous verdict on the use of stimulants by italian athletes , the most serious punishment that the offenders received is only the two - year imprisonment of the buffer period .
therefore , italian anthony leirei , a senior journalist in italy , said that the possibility of sending leftist to prison is extremely remote , and most of the top is a fine .
pierre also said that although the italian court could hold a trial of its absence , italian police could not go abroad to take the plasa back to serve their sentence .
if the italian side refuses to accept the verdict , it will not be possible for them to take her .
new bird flu sites continue to emerge in strict precautions against bird flu
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the bird flu epidemic has further spread in the african continent , according to a xinhua news agency report .
the world health organization confirmed on the 17 th that three areas in egypt have found bird flu virus deaths .
in europe , france also discovered the h5 strogenic avian influenza virus for the first time , and europe 's sunni are highly vigilant and strengthened epidemic prevention measures .
hassan bush , a consultant of the east mediterranean region of the who , told the press in egypt on the 17th that currently , cairo and muenya in central egypt and three bird flu viruses in the southern region of minga have been found to have infected 51 bird flu virus , and the relevant departments of the egyptian government have already started to kill poultry suspected of avian influenza .
experts pointed out that egypt is an important channel for migratory birds in the middle east and north africa , and it is very possible for migratory birds to bring avian flu viruses into the country .
egypt has announced the ban on the import of live poultry from abroad and strengthened the quarantine work at border ports .
a family of chicken farm in yaounde , capital of cameroon , has died in more than 800 chickens in the past week .
cameroon has decided to suspend all poultry and pork imported from nigeria , where bird flu broke out , and suspend all poultry and related products in the markets of the two countries .
the cameroon government has also built a nationwide epidemic monitoring network within a short period of time , and the country 's bashar center and national veterinary laboratory are in an emergency awaiting situation , so as to carry out laboratory tests on the 561 virus at any time .
in europe , denmark and sweden , the two countries initially ruled out the epidemic on 17 july .
the sweden veterinary research institute released a laboratory test results on the dead swans found on wednesday , indicating that sweden 's swans have no avian influenza virus .
the preliminary results of the danish national veterinary administration also showed that 30 dead swans were not infected with the avian flu virus in denmark .
but the agricultural sector said denmark could not take this lightly .
romania has reported nine bird flu outbreaks in eastern europe this year , and who experts said in bucharest on the 17th that bird flu has occurred in almost all parts of the danube river region , and that romania may be suffering from bird flu threats in the next three or five years .
in bangladesh , asia , the government has taken all necessary measures to prevent avian influenza .
the government 's domestic and livestock service bureau has provided relevant officials with books on preventing avian influenza and has also organized training for poultry farmers .
( newspaper clippings ) china 's first blood information management system completed in zhejiang
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the first blood information data management and control network in china has been officially established and put into operation at the center , according to the zhejiang blood center .
a relevant person in charge of the zhejiang blood center said that this means that in the future , any citizen will take part in blood donations without compensation from any county ( city of xinyang ) in zhejiang province , and will have a unique code record . when he is making his blood again , he can only enter the relevant life code , personal information , and blood record - wording sword information .
the responsible person further explained that if the system shows that it is not a single infusion period , it will be unsuitable for this donation .
this way , not only can we protect the health of the blood donors , but also can effectively protect the health and safety of the blood users .
in addition , when the supply of blood is tight , the blood donors and their families have the right to give priority to blood . as long as you import the effective documents of the blood donors , you can immediately display the information of the blood donors , which is quite convenient .
according to a report by hangzhou " morning post today , " this information system has been put into use in all 36 blood collection and supply organizations throughout the province . the blood resources of all blood transfusion organizations in the province can also be seen in real time , and data sharing has been achieved across the province .
to prevent landslide again in 11 villages in philippines , 11 villages evacuating from the city
manila , february 18 ( xinhua ) 11 villages in the eastern philippines have been trying to prevent a recurrence of landslide similar to the landslide in the area , a philippine official said on thursday .
officials of the southern leittosse province , rositrt , said on the same day that these villages are situated in the same area with villages that have landslides on the 17th . they are similar in nature .
the residents of 11 villages that have been evacuated will be placed in seven evacuation centers .
lyas said : the government ordered the evacuation of residents yesterday and sent people to inspect these villages today , because some people do not want to leave their homes .
the landslide on the mountain occurred on 17 july in a village in saint - sodium town in south laiet province . viewed from television images , soil and rocks have buried the entire village , and only several roof can be seen .
since the soil is very thick and has great humidity , the hope of the people buried below is very slim .
there are 109 deaths and 57 people have been rescued .
it is estimated that the death toll of the accident may reach as high as 1,800 .
fujian 's quanzhou city , fancouver , january , exports up 35.2 percent
fuzhou , february 19 ( xinhua ) the export of quanzhou city in january this year continued to maintain a high - speed growth .
according to customs statistics , quanzhou exported 330 - million us dollars in january , the best in history , up 35.2 percent over the same period last year , higher than the average growth rate for the entire province .
according to analysis by the quanzhou city foreign economic bureau , the reason why quanzhou 's foreign trade can grow at a high speed in january is mainly due to the fact that the enterprises ' enthusiasm for export is running high , the quanzhou economy is active , the enterprises ' confidence in business operation is strengthened , and the highly efficient and unimpeded foreign trade development environment .
