the investigation of the death of princess diamond was stolen .
london , june 6 , 2007
the london daily express pointed out that two records in the princess diana died in paris in 1997 were used to pay the information on the investigation of the accident , and were stolen from the office of the former chief of the police general .
the theft caused some speculation , the report said , adding that the computer might be loaded with the computer by sir robert steve , former chief police officer of cosmopolitan city .
however , a female spokesman for the cosmopolitan police station said that there was no sensitive information in the computer or it was related to the investigation .
sir steve steven is the first senior officer of the northam police bureau in britain , who is in the district of tienenburg .
the report said that the secretary of nosel - a police bureau had been searching for two theft cases in the past 10 days .
the first explosion occurred on the weekend from january 28 to 29 , including computers and cash were taken away , and the second theft occurred last week was not caused with any loss .
the northwestern police also said that there was no evidence to show that the two cases were related to the work of sir robert steve .
steven steven steve has been tracing the cause of death of princess wales , not directly causing the accident .
the royal autator , braggus , ordered in 2004 to continue to trace the relevant evidence .
princess diana died in a paris tunnel car accident on august 31 , 1997 , and she was also killed together with her , and her loved , fayed , and driver .
after two years of investigation , the french police believed that the cause of the driver 's drink driving and taking drugs caused the car 's loss of control to cause a tragedy .
sri lanka 's warring parties agree to geneva talks
afp , lulu , july 7 ,
the norwegian government said that sri lanka 's war groups agreed to hold talks in geneva on 22 march , dissolving the dispute over the decades - old ethnic bloodshed that has been held in the negotiations .
the norwegian peace envoy , sohm , and the tamil tiger organization negotiator barshin , won the breakthrough after meeting with barzan , negotiator representative of the liberation tiger group of the tamil milan liberation .
the norwegian embassy in beijing said in a statement that the conflict between sri lanka and sri lanka was caused by the sri lankan government and the liberation tigers of tamil ilan , and demanded that the government assist in the negotiations in geneva on february 22 in two days on february 23 in geneva .
the two - day talks will focus on how to strengthen the cease - fire agreement that came into force on 23 february 2002 , and this agreement has never been fully observed by both sides .
the norwegian embassy said that the two parties would discuss how to improve the cease - fire agreement , which was the first time in three years that the two sides conducted face - to - face talks on such a high level .
solham said he will lead the norwegian team to participate in the negotiations , and the four representatives of the tiger group of the liberation of tanilan liberation , led by barshefin , sri lanka 's minister of health , led the army .
he said : this is a small step on the road to peace , but it is important . the process of negotiations is expected to be difficult to reach .
the first face - to - face talks for the settlement of the ethnic conflict in sri lanka was held in japan in march 2003 , but the tigers of the liberation of tanilan liberated tanzania canceled the original seventh round of talks scheduled to be held in thailand in april 2003 .
south and north korea delegates to host winter olympics
italy 's leveraging fire on monday
the 20th winter olympics opened in du lin today . the cold war period was the first time that south and north korea , which were enemies of the cold war , joined hands to enter the ceremony .
south korean women 's skating ice skating competitor li baola and north korean man skating skating competitor han zhengren were the head of the two countries ' representative teams , leading south korean delegation to the winter olympic games .
this is the olympic delegation from south korea and north korea , which has joined hands in the winter olympics for the first time .
to reflect the efforts of both sides in repairing the spirit of reconciliation in recent years , the 2000 olympic games in sydney and the 2004 athens summer olympics are both in the hands of the delegations from south korea and north korea .
north korea has not taken part in the 19 th winter olympics held in yanhucheng , the united states .
the korean peninsula was split into a capitalist south korea and north korea in 1948 , and the two sides held a joint military exercise of hostility between 1950 and 1953 .
south sumitomo north korea 's leader held a peace summit in 2000 , and bilateral relations turned better .
the greek team is the first country to be admitted , and the number of south korean delegates to the 80 countries participating in the competition is 22 nd , north korea is 23 .
the landowner national justice grand profit team is the last country to enter , and when the italian team entered the stadium , the sports ground immediately sounded warm cheers and applause .
hefman was lucky to have quickly woken up to the creation of a performing arts
new york , march 16 , 2007
the world 's most promising candidate for the olympic games of oscar , cognac , which is known as the best choice for this year : the male lead player of the white bleeding , liverman , revealed that he was unable to extricate himself from drugs and liquor when he was young and bleeding , and fortunately he was able to succeed in the aftermath of the horse and create a peak of his own performing arts .
in an interview with cbs news magazine , holman said that he was very satisfied with the progress made by cbs news magazine for the 60 th minute .
he only came out at 20 , and graduated from the theatre department of new york university , entering a five - colored society , with daily living steps swing rapidly and finally turning him into a head - on and lost control .
he was admitted to the killer detention center at the age of 22 and removed the habit of drunk and drug trafficking , which was the most panic period in his life .
the upcoming summit of oscar in the next month will be an illustration of the american writer , collins , the role of hans potatolia , which is regarded as the most hopeful winning the best male lead prize .
before that , his superb acting skills had been affirmed and had been affirmed by many awards , including a golden ball award best male lead .
the 38 - year - old actor said during the interview that if he had not resolved to change his bad habit before his famous name , he could not have been nominated by oscar .
he said he admired those young people who were suddenly brought up with golden glory in the 19 th .
bird flu trace in europe , panic in south asia
brussels , april 16 , 2007
bird flu virus traces in europe , causing panic .
the european commission has approved the establishment of a binacid control zone , and has incorporated all the areas of the country discovered to be managed , and prohibited all bird and poultry biofuels from transporting biological transactions .
the number of fatal traces found in nigeria was the eighth day of the virus , and the epidemic has been constantly expanded to more farms , showing that the northern border has entered niger .
egyptian officials are investigating a sudden outbreak of chicken chickens in a farm in the southern part of the country , worrying that the virus may continue to spread .
the european chicken and meat markets were affected by the virus incident and slipped by a big margin , and the eu executive committee stressed that there was no reason for panic .
the executive committee is responsible for health and food safety , and said that the public is aware of this matter , but there is no need for excessive reaction .
the virus detection points , three - kilometer reserves and 10 - kilometer warning zones , which were previously stipulated , have again been laid down by the eu executive committee , which has listed all the european regions where the virus is discovered as a bottleneck .
a eu official who was unwilling to be named pointed out that everyone was nervous and flied , and they were handling the affairs of the spread of the disease from europe to other parts of the country and suspected that the epidemic had already broken out .
so far , a total of austria 's mesic countries , such as the european union , the european union , the european union , the european union , and russia , have all appeared in the area of the country of 5m1 virus , almost all of the wild geese found on the country 's territory .
romania found the 31 st case on the 16th , while slovenia 's genita , greece , and luoka , germany , also found new cases .
italy 's southern part was found on two ducks , which was the first wild swans in europe that contracted the disease of 5millionaire .
what eu officials are most worried about now is the migratory birds that will soon be sent back from africa .
the nigerian government is working harder to prevent the spread of the virus in the african continent to humanity .
the nigerian government announced that all poultry farms in the area five kilometers from the infected farm , regardless of whether they were threatened by the virus , were destroyed .
the government of neighboring nigeria announced that the whole country had entered a warning state and allocated 4 million us dollars to monitor and monitor the border with nigeria .
the newly established state emergency committee said that they had received notification that under the control of the two countries ' border , nearly 400 birds were dead .
new regulation on business management of electronic banking in china to come into force on 1 march
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a bank for the first time in the " electronic banking business management measures " and " electronic banking safety assessment guidelines " issued by the cbrc recently will come into force on 1 march 2006 .
a spokesman for the cbrc said : according to the regulations in the management measures , the methods of examination and approval for foreign - funded financial institutions basically remain unchanged , that is , after foreign banks have been allowed to operate online banking business , if new business varieties of internet banking are required , the main report of the bank in china should be submitted for examination in a unified manner .
in order to standardize the commercial banks ' business by using the internet , the people 's bank of china formulated and promulgated the " interim measures for managing internet banking business " in june 2001 .
a spokesman for the cbrc said that with the continuous development of the electronic banking business of commercial banks , interim procedures cannot meet the requirements of the supervision and control of risks of electronic banking , and the cbrc has formulated two new regulations for this purpose .
according to a spokesperson for the cbrc , the cbrc 's recognition of the quality of the security assessment institution is different from the administrative licensing of the nature of entry into trade or enterprise access , and is not a necessary condition for assessing the business of electronic banking safety assessment conducted by the evaluation organization , but only reference to the selection and evaluation institution of the financial institution .
as long as the security assessment institution meets the relevant conditions and requirements , even if it does not have the qualification of the cbrc , the financial institution can also employ it to carry out an electronic banking safety assessment , it should be managed in accordance with the relevant regulations .
the " electronic banking business management measures " consists of nine chapters and 99 articles , which are divided into general application and change of risk management data exchange and transfer of management business outside the border , management of the cross - border business activities , management of penny 's legal liability and surgical part , etc.
the " electronic banking security assessment guidelines " consists of five chapters , which are divided into 57 items , namely , general computerized evaluation system , management and supplementary provisions for implementing the binding security assessment activities .
" mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , chen yun 's thesis on investigation and study " was published and distributed .
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the " selected works of mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu rongji , deng xiaoping , and deng xiaoping " compiled by the cpc central literature research center recently was published and distributed by the central party literature publishing house .
we should conduct investigations and studies in depth with reality , persist in combining theory with practice , and draw up and implement correct lines , principles , and policies . this is the basic experience and basic work method of the cpc in leading the revolution and construction .
mao zedong 's maiden zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu rongji , deng xiaoping , and other old generation revolutionaries expressed many important and brilliant expositions on the investigation and study issues . they also frequently went deep into the grassroots to personally conduct social investigation and write many investigation reports .
their practice and achievements in investigation and study are of great significance to guiding the cause of the party and the people to develop along the correct road .
" mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping 's theory on investigation and study " is divided into three parts : the first part is the excerpts of the remarks made by mao zedong and other old generation of revolutionaries such as mao zedong on investigation and study , and the third part is the three investigation groups and the book " liu xiaoliqi , " written by mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation in the early 1960
most of these reports were published for the first time .
in addition , there are also two articles on the central leaders ' investigation and study in the 1950 s and 1960 s .
russia reiterates adherence to one china policy
moscow , february 6 ( xinhua ) russian deputy foreign minister alexander alekseyev reiterated on the 6th when meeting with chinese ambassador to russia liu guchang that russia adheres to the one - china stand .
alekseyev said that the russian side noticed that chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence were rock - up .
the russian government has always adhered to the one - china principle and firmly supported china 's efforts to achieve the great cause of national reunification .
last year , the chinese npc adopted the anti - secession law , and russia took the lead in publicly expressing its support .
alekseyev said that the russian foreign ministry will issue a statement as soon as possible , reiterating the one - china stand , and opposing taiwan independence .
china 's foreign ministry says china 's third overseas chinese victims in south africa
johannesburg , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a special zone for the chinese government to help the chinese people to fight against the " falungong " in the early morning of 6 february , according to the report .
according to feng yang , president of the free state chinese federation , the incident occurred in the weivkovm city of verkland , more than 130 kilometers northwest of burundi .
at that time , the owner of the shop , lin yixing , picked up the goods inside the station and prepared to end the one - day business .
at this time , there were three customers in the shop , one of them , who had taken off their pistol and rushed into the station and committed robbery .
lin yixing , 40 , was fighting with the ruffians . the ringleader opened a gun to lin yixing and fled afterwards .
the local people who arrived at the hospital for treatment after hearing the news , rushed lin yixing to the hospital . due to the full body of the carcinogenic hematopoea of mao 's blood , the disease came out of blood and died around 3 : 30 a. m . on 6 february .
on 6 february , the chinese consulate general in jenburg xu defu , wu jichuan , the consul general , and lin changming , vice chairman of the association of chinese people in fujian province , rushed to burundian to help the family members of the deceased deal with the aftermath of the incident .
mr lam became the first person to be killed by the hijackers within 36 hours and was also the first chinese to be killed in south africa since the beginning of this year .
( newspaper clippings ) shanghai : part - time staff and college graduates become main players
beijing , february 7 ( xinhua ) the shanghai municipal social security bureau released the latest wage guidance price for 2006 for the year of work in 2006 on the 6th , with 120 positions , 11 more than the previous one . the original salary increase was lowered by 11 , while the original salary increase was lowered .
according to a relevant expert from the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau , currently more than 1 million employees are employed in shanghai .
according to a report by " zhongguo qingnian bao , " college graduates and part - time workers are the main components of the hours - time workers force .
through the investigation of nearly 8,000 hours of work , more than half of them were part - time staff , with a share of 51.1 percent .
the cultural level of part - time workers is generally higher , mainly engaged in work with a high technical skill level , such as translation and part - time staff ratio , to 81.77 % , and the health and health quality of 61.66 % .
high income is a result of the fact that many people are engaged in hours - time jobs .
it is learnt that the monthly income of individual jobs can reach tens of thousands of yuan , and it will be difficult to find a job to do so , as if the voice is interpreted , and the monthly income of work posts can be as high as 2,000 yuan , such as consignment of financial work during the second half of the year .
and to satisfy individual interests and expand their knowledge level is also a good way to get favorite employees for part - time jobs .
for example , when a certain enterprise is the human resources department manager , mr. gu will spend a few hours to handle the financial account of a foreign representative office .
mr koo considered that the biggest gain from part - time employment was to keep up with the continuous updating of knowledge and to have the opportunity to involve another area . of course , the monthly income of 2,000 yuan also had a certain degree of enticement .
as the employment threshold for some hours of work is low , the form of work is flexible and free , and it is gradually favored by many graduates who are job - seekers , and 144 percent of the hours of work are graduates of tertiary and secondary schools .
at first i did n't want to do an hour job , but after several months i felt it was more difficult to get a good good good good news for the work of the dprk 's ninth five - year plan .
after graduating from university student huang xiaohuang , his job was not as satisfactory as he was . in the end , he hung up his name at a hotel and played the background music with a piano .
i am quite satisfied with the work now , one hour , 100 yuan , the environment , and i am now going to do a few hours of work , and looking for a few more hours .
it is learned that the hours - old work has become a practice of accumulating experience for some graduates who are job - hunting to temper their work skills and enhance communication skills to increase their social experience .
the graduates are working hours mainly in knowledge and skills , and they are more skilled in specialization , such as translation , time - intensive evolution , and time - based performing jobs , with a ratio of 22.1 % and 26.8 % respectively .
job - seekers are not required to work in a small number of hours , such as food promotion agents and freight dealers , etc. , and the unemployed person can be appointed through simple training .
statistics show that the number of employees who were originally unemployed was 39.9 percent , of which the percentage of retail unemployed was 68.4 percent , and the proportion of catering industry to 58.7 percent , and the proportion of the catering industry became an important channel for unemployed people to find jobs in an hour .
wu bangguo inspects anhui ,
beijing , february 8 ( xinhua ) the cpc central committee political bureau standing committee member wu bangguo , standing committee member of the political bureau of the cpc central committee , stressed during a recent inspection tour of anhui that we should take the three important ideas as the guide , persist in guiding the overall economic and social development with the scientific development concept , conscientiously implement the central authorities ' principles and policies in light of local realities , further emancipate our minds , further creatively carry out work , implement the scientific development concept in
from 6 to 8 february , wu bangguo successively went to shanwei lake , wuwei lake , and other places , and went to the enterprises ' shilly research institute and the institutes of higher learning to inspect the research .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui has the advantage of having a connecting southward link between the east and the west , and is an important agricultural area in china . it is rich in natural resources , a relatively good industrial foundation , a strong scientific and educational strength , and a strong cultural and tourist resources . it has great potential for development .
anhui should firmly grasp the major opportunity to promote the rise of central china , always unwaveringly uphold the central task of economic construction , conscientiously implement the central authorities ' principles and policies in close connection with anhui 's reality , and creatively carry out work , implement the scientific development concept in concrete measures , and implement it in actual work .
we should sum up practical experience in a timely manner , fully rely on the masses of the people , vigorously support reform and innovation , and constantly open up a new situation in anhui work .
we should actively promote the building of a harmonious society , persist in regarding the fundamental interests of the overwhelming majority of the people as the starting point and the end result of our work , actively create conditions , gradually resolve the practical problems of the masses who are in difficulty , gradually change the pattern of distribution , gradually change the dual urban - rural structure , gradually narrow the gap between regions , and safeguard social justice , and ensure the fruits of reform and development of the entire people .
wu bangguo stressed : china has reached the stage where it is necessary to rely more on improving the ability of independent innovation and improving the quality of laborers to promote economic and social development . only by vigorously promoting scientific and technological progress and innovation will it be possible to achieve a leap in the quality of productive forces and to push economic and social development to the track of scientific development .
we should establish and improve as soon as possible a system and mechanism that is conducive to innovation , increase scientific and technological investment , encourage patent inventions and brand - name brands , speed up the conversion of scientific and technological achievements to real productive forces , strengthen enterprises ' status as the mainstay in independent innovation , and constantly raise the contribution rate of scientific and technological progress to economic growth .
we should support and encourage the participation of technical elements in distribution , and establish and improve the statistical index system that reflects the ability to innovate independently . we should study and formulate policies for supporting independent innovation in financial accounting for financial losses and government procurement , and form a policy system that encourages independent innovation .
we should cultivate an innovative awareness in the whole society , vigorously advocate the spirit of being brave in innovation and competition , and strive to create a good atmosphere of talent coming forth in large numbers .
wu bangguo pointed out : the people 's congresses have played an increasingly important role in ruling the country according to law and building a socialist country ruled by law .
to do a good job in the work of people 's congresses under the new situation , first , we should adhere to the correct political orientation , unswervingly follow the path of developing socialist politics with chinese characteristics , and organically integrate upholding the party 's leadership as the masters of the country and governing the country according to law .
second , we should closely center on the overall situation of the work of the party and the state , closely center on major issues in reform , development , and stability , and carry out work closely around hot and difficult problems that the masses are generally concerned about , so as to constantly enhance the practical results of the work of the people 's congresses .
third , we should give play to the characteristics and advantages of the work of people 's congresses , uphold democratic centralism , act according to the procedures in strict accordance with the law , and make decisions collectively .
we should persistently follow the mass line , take people as the foundation , exercise power for the people , have the people 's feelings , and work for the people 's interests .
china proposes major scientific research plans for 15 years to come
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the international competition for china has been increasing , and china has made great efforts to promote sustainable development and achieve a major leap forward , said a white paper on the state medium and long - term scientific and technological development program ( 2006 - 2020 ) issued by the state council on the 9th .
these four major scientific plans are the research on protein protein control and control , research on nanogrine research and development and reproduction research .
the program pointed out that protein science is a life science commanding point that has been fiercely contested by developed countries .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on studying key biological systems , including the genetic simulation system , the digital masterpiece of the white protein masterpiece , the protein protein physics function and the biomechanics and system biology and system research methods and related application basic research .
the outline also holds that quantum regulation and control research is of a clear - cut perspective and may have a difficult and inestimable impact on the social and economic development of mankind in 20-30 years .
china should focus on studying the carrier and regulation principles and methods of quantum communications , calculate the number of new quantum effects , the quantitative control and measurement standards , the new principles and new technological foundation for measuring the standard of quantum control and control .
in addition , the program points out that nanotechnology has become a strategic choice for many countries to enhance their core competitiveness , and is also one of the fields for china to achieve leapfrog development .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on research in this field , including the control of nanotechnology material , the system of self - assembly and function , the nanotechnology science and nanotechnology , the nanomei science , the nanometer and weaving , and the technological research on nanomei and nanomei in the energy environment and information technology .
china 's population growth is large , there is a great shortage of births , there is a serious shortage of transplant organs , and the peak of aging is about to arrive . therefore , it is urgently necessary to make breakthroughs in reproduction and development of scientific theories and to make technological innovations .
according to the outline , china will focus on research on increasing stem cells and increasing curative and control in 2006 - 2020 , the maturity and retreat of pesticides in pesticides and retreatments of human reproductive functions , and the safety and ethical of reproduction and stem cells .
housing prices in shanghai drop by 7 percent last year
shanghai , february 9 ( xinhua ) the state 's land and real estate industry 's macro - control policy in 2005 has achieved remarkable results in shanghai .
according to the latest data released , the housing industry in shanghai had a relatively noticeable decline or slowing down in growth rates last year .
of this , the price increase in residential housing dropped 6.6 percentage points from the previous year , while the value - added of real estate industry decreased by 4.1 percent from the previous year .
pan jianxin , director of the shanghai municipal bureau of statistics , said at a press conference the other day that the average sales price of shanghai 's commercial residential houses was 66698 yuan / square meters in 2005 , an increase of 313 yuan over 2004 .
the price of residential housing for the whole year rose 9.2 percent from the previous year , and the increase rate was 6.6 percentage points lower than the previous year .
the added value of the real estate industry was 67.023 billion yuan , a 4.1 percent decrease over the previous year .
of the balance of loans of financial institutions , the outstanding amount of personal mortgage loans was 264.494 - billion yuan , which was only 9.94 - billion yuan in the same year , while the new loan amount in 2004 reached 728.09 - billion yuan .
pan jianxin said : from the sale price of shanghai 's real estate for the whole year , the price of commercial housing sales has been stable and decreased .
the statistical report also showed that according to the latest data , in 2005 , the rate of increase in shanghai 's real estate prices has somewhat dropped , and the average sales price of residential housing was 6698 yuan / square meters , an increase of 313 yuan over each square meter in 2004 .
the price level of housing sales for the whole year of 2005 was 9.7percent higher than that of the previous year , and the rate of increase was 6.2 percentage points lower than that of the previous year .
according to his briefing , last year , shanghai 's entire city completed a total of 124.686 - billion yuan in investment in real estate development , an increase of 6.1 percent over the previous year .
the sales area is 31.587 million square meters , down 9.5 percent .
sales of commercial housing totaled 21.63 billion yuan , a 4.5 percent decrease over the previous year .
two light planes crashed in new zealand
wellington , february 9 ( xinhua ) two new zealand light aircraft crashed at a place around 100 kilometers north of wellington , capital of south new zealand , killing two pilots of the flight institute .
according to a relevant responsible official of the local civil aviation department , the pilots on both planes were all cadets from the flight institute of maxi university . they were still undergoing training and had not obtained their flight licenses .
when the incident occurred , the two planes were in a non - air control zone . according to regulations , when flying in such a zone , the pilots were responsible for the navigation and safety conditions of the aircraft .
a witness at the scene of the incident told the new zealand media that when the plane collided , he heard a huge explosion and saw the plane plunged into the ground at a speed .
another witness also confirmed that before the plane crashed , a huge explosion was heard and a plane was crashed .
the cause of the collision is not yet clear , and local civil aviation authorities will conduct an investigation on the incident .
chinese , argentine overseas chinese condemn chen shui - bian 's taiwan independence speech
xinhua news agency , buenos aires , february 8 ( reporter cao yu ) - a chinese overseas chinese and chinese community in argentina issued a solemn statement on the 8th , strongly condemning chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence , and opposing any attempt to separate taiwan from china .
the statement said : chen shui - bian declared in his speech on 29 january that he would abrogate the national unification council and the national unification guidelines , which were once again a step toward the mock of taiwan independence .
the hopes of compatriots on both sides of the strait for peace and the good desire of taiwan compatriots for peace and stability will face severe challenges .
the statement pointed out that resolutely opposing and curbing the separatist activities of taiwan independence , and safeguarding peace and stability in the taiwan strait is still the most pressing task of the compatriots on both sides of the strait and the chinese people throughout the world .
the statement stressed that the argentine council for promoting china 's peaceful reunification is willing to join with all chinese nationals and ethnic chinese in albania who uphold the one - china principle , resolutely oppose the temptation of taiwan independence in any form , and actively promote china 's peaceful reunification .
chinese expert : us preaching military threat against china
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will continue to support the us defense policy on arms sales to taiwan , which was submitted to the us congress a few days ago , said the white house , which is the first time in the " four - year defense assessment " report , which is officially submitted by the us congress .
experts believe that this is an unreasonable accusation against china 's normal national defense construction , and exaggerating the military threat theory of china is an interference in china 's internal affairs .
the " four - year defense assessment report " is a new document for guiding national defense of the pentagon .
the 92 - page report uses three paragraphs to explain the issue of china 's military strength and the countermeasures that the united states should take , and it directly mentions two terms -- namely , china or the china , and says that migues , as a major and newly rising power , china has the greatest potential to compete with the united states in military competition , and if the united states does not adopt countermeasures , china may develop destructive weapons and thus break the us traditional military
the chinese academy of military sciences ' world military studies department researcher yao yunzhu said : although senior us officials have expressed similar views on many occasions , this is the first time that the united states has proposed in the strategic report on national defense that china is most likely to pose a military challenge to the united states .
the report clearly defines russia 's mold as a new strategic rival , especially the so - called " shackle china military threat theory . "
peng guangqian , research fellow of the chinese academy of military sciences , said :
it is noteworthy that in the " four - year defense assessment report , " us president bush also submitted to congress a " report on the 2007 fiscal year , " with the defense budget reaching $ 439.3 - billion .
if you add this to the military action in iraq and afghanistan , the us budget for national defense in fiscal 2007 will exceed $ 500 billion .
peng guangqian said : the united states ' trick of fabricating the theory of the theory of the imperial thrust of other countries reflects the consistent style of the pentagon 's invading enemy . its purpose is to strive for more defense spending and to fish for more profits for the huge us arms industrial group .
experts say that compared with the huge military spending of the united states , china 's defense spending is quite limited .
he has participated in many times in the drafting of the white paper on china 's national defense , said : since the 1990 's , with economic development , china 's national defense spending has increased , but the proportion of the national defense spending has generally declined .
official data show that compared with 1979 , china 's defense spending accounted for more than half of the national fiscal expenditure for the same period .
in 2005 , china 's national defense budget was 244.656 billion yuan , only about one - fourth of the us national defense spending , and the per capita military spending of the people was only about one - 60 of the united states , with the per capita military spending of about one - thirds of the us military .
the area of us territory is roughly the same as china 's territory , but the difference in military spending is so great . who is actually the military force that exceeds the right defense need ? this is self - proclaimed mentary defensive .
peng guangqian said :
the director of the research department of the china arms control and disarmament association , teng jianqun , said : the us side should objectively assess the state of china 's military construction , and china 's peaceful development does not mean that china and the united states will become military rivals in the future .
china 's national defense white paper , 2004 , says that china firmly takes the road of peaceful development and practices a defensive national defense policy .
china 's past and current impending deficiencies will not pose a threat to any country .
so far , china has not established any military bases in any other country , nor has it sent a single soldier to other countries , while the united states has more than 100 military bases overseas , and has deployed more than 100,000 troops in asia alone .
professor zhu feng of beijing university 's international relations institute said : china and the united states should increase communication and exchanges through established channels , enhance mutual understanding and trust , and comprehensively promote the constructive and cooperative relations between china and the united states in the new century so as to jointly promote the maintenance of world peace and development .
( winter olympics ) turin winter olympics opening ceremony to be held in a passive manner
duan , february 9 ( xinhua ) the 20th winter olympic games opened here today , with the opening ceremony of the 20 th winter olympics being held at the dushanbe olympic sports ground at 8 : 00 local time .
on 9 november , the organization committee of the winter games in duentian disclosed to reporters the brilliant arrangements for the opening ceremony .
on the opening ceremony , castillani , chairman of the organizing committee , expressed full confidence that the opening ceremony will cost up to 10 million euros , and will gather top italian talent in all fields .
he said that the night of 10 april will be unforgettable , and the 35,000 audience at the venue and the 2 - billion television audience around the world will see the opening ceremony which is full of passion and success .
the flames of the passionate mood were filled with the pigeon of the five ring peace - ridden white pigeon and milk cows of alps will appear on the floor . the director introduced the curiosity of the opening ceremony and the italian style of cake to become the theme of the opening ceremony , as the biggest theme of the history of the high - scale , four cartoon olympics , and the cultural style of the italian
the famous italian designer , amani , specially designed the clothing for the opening ceremony and the famous italian fashion brand morgan will provide a courtesy for the guiding personnel of the sports ceremony .
however , famous italian men 's louis pavarotti will sing a song at the opening ceremony , and the organizing committee will leave this suspense at the end .
eight soldiers who can fly the flame on their head and mime the flames will use three meters long to show the passion of the fire . they will penetrate the field several times at 70 km speed .
officials of the organization committee believe that this is the most satisfactory creation in their current opening ceremony performance .
on how to ignite the main torch , the organizing committee did not disclose it ahead of schedule , but the main torchbearer of as high as 57 meters would illuminate the residents on the alps mountain in the vicinity .
white house announces bush 's visit to pakistan , india , pakistan , india
washington , february 9 ( xinhua ) the white house spokesman mcclellan said in a press conference on the 9th that although the blasphemy of the islamic precursor mohammed caused a strong protest in the islamic world , president bush will continue to follow the plan to visit pakistan and india in march .
mcclellan said that bush is looking forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he also said that he is making arrangements for this visit .
mcclellan made the above remarks in a protest against the blasphemy of mohammed , the islamic precursor .
in january this year , bush met with pakistani prime minister aziz at the white house , and both sides expressed the intention to strengthen friendly cooperation and jointly crack down on terrorism that endangers the security of the two countries .
bush also said that at the invitation of the pakistani and indian governments , he will visit pakistan and india in march .
hamas seeks breakthrough in cabinet
ramallah , february 9 ( xinhua ) hamas has been trying to form a cabinet to break through the border , said the official
xinhua news agency , wang hao , huang min
the palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) has won the election of the legislative council , how to draw up the blueprint of the new government has become the focus of international attention .
what new policies will hamas implement have a direct bearing on the relevant parties ' corresponding policy orientation in the peace process .
at the same time , the boycott attitude of the united states and israel has added variables to the prospects of the hamas government .
at present , the palestinian side is stepping up consultations on the issue of forming a cabinet which involves the difficulties and sensitive points of future developments .
the prime minister 's position has fallen behind , and who has come ?
after hamas obtained the right to form the cabinet , some people outside the world were worried that hamas prime minister could be muddled with the current supreme leader abbas .
moreover , hamas leader mahmud , who is visiting egypt , stressed that the new palestinian government formed by hamas will not recognize israel , and this tough signal has also aggravated international concern .
the united states and israel have explicitly expressed their disagreement to a hamas government that has the real right and threatened to suspend economic aid to palestine and to transfer tax to palestine .
however , this does not hinder hamas from making flexible strategic adjustment , and it is a good choice to choose an independent person .
according to reports , to obtain the international recognition as the greatest extent , hamas leaders at home and abroad who gathered in egypt recently decided to choose the chairman of the board of directors of the islamic university of jahiri heir , who is independent of the islamic jihad , to become the new prime minister .
this move has not yet received any response from the relevant parties .
palestinian analyst hussein said that no matter who the premier 's position is blooming , the most crucial thing for the prime minister should try as much as possible to lessen the toughest flavor of hamas , only in this way can it guarantee the success of forming the cabinet .
how should power be distributed ?
within the party , the biggest challenge facing hamas in forming a cabinet is that it lacks sufficient experience in governance .
the palestinian newspaper " shiheit " carried an analysis saying that hamas has gathered in the hands of people through social welfare projects , but it lacks experience in governance and is incompatible with the palestinian national liberation movement ( fatah ) , which has experience in power .
after the election , hamas proposed establishing political partnership with fatah to jointly form a national coalition government , but fatah has not given a positive response to this .
there is no question of whether or not a cabinet should be formed within fatah , and all factions advocate participation in the new government and thus achieve something , while the other faction refuses hamas 's invitation , and is willing to make a legislative kick of the opposition party , which is a positive opposition party .
the informed sources pointed out that , with abbas ' advice , fatah gradually tends to join the new government .
even so , hamas and fatah will also hold talks on the allocation of cabinet posts .
in addition , the other way is to set up a legislative yuan framework to break away from the party 's affiliated cabinet .
it is reported that hamas has also designed a clean - up expert - type government , but the specific name list is unknown .
in view of the attitude of the united states and israel , the technology expert - like government has also become a form of cabinet to reduce external pressure .
according to the palestinian " basic law , " the new legislative yuan member will nominate the prime minister and form the cabinet after the new term of office on 16 june . the work of nominating the prime minister will be completed within three to five weeks .
what course will the armed forces follow ?
the weapons in the hands of hamas are another difficult problem facing the formation of a new government .
the attitude of the united states and israel is extremely tough , and they resolutely demand that hamas give up violence and refuse to participate in politics with guns .
hamas leader mahathir stressed on 9 november that armed resistance was the strategic option of the organization .
the armed issue actually includes the legality of weapons and the issue of the ownership and management of armed forces .
hamas has been elected as the first largest party in the legislative council through democracy and freedom , and has allowed its subordinate armed factions to legalize qassam brigades , which is also the way to legalize them into government security institutions .
hamas once proposed that armed forces of various factions be united as the armed forces of the palestinian people , but they did not receive a wide response , and they were also criticized by the islamic jihad organization of palestine .
palestine currently has 60,000 security personnel , and the majority are from the fatah camp .
moreover , fatah also has some armed factions , which have loose organizational relations , and also have some armed factions . for example , the pristina of the alusa in shantou .
hamas , responsible for forming the cabinet , must hold talks with abbas on how to manage these armed forces that are doing their own things and rationally allocate their security management rights .
according to local media reports , abbas intends to take charge of security and intelligence units , police and civil defense organizations , while the interior ministry of the new government is under the control of the ministry of interior .
however , all parties are still holding consultations on this sensitive issue , and so far no further documents have been made .
china issues investigation report
beijing , february 10 ( xinhua ) the china national oceanic administration ( soa ) recently issued a " 2005 china 's polar exploration report " , which is the first time in more than 20 years of its polar scientific research activities .
the " report " comprehensively reflects the spirit of the 2005 survey of extreme science in china , the main progress and results of the scientific research on logistical support .
according to the " report , " at 2215 on 9 january 2005 ( beijing time ) , the china antarctic expedition team successfully landed on the inland icecap field at the highest level of ice hengmt on the ground of the inland of the antarctic . at 3:15 on 18 january , the iceberg group decided that the peak period of ice dome would be 4093 meters .
in the international polar observation stage where competition is increasingly fierce , the chinese people are mighty and fearless and have the courage to open up new fields . they have first launched the most shock to the southern pole and successfully achieved one victory after another , and have achieved another dream for mankind in the south .
sun zhihui , director of the state oceanic administration , said :
the " report " shows that on 24 march 2005 , the 21st antarctic expedition team of china successfully completed its mission and returned to shanghai . the inspection lasted 151 days and 26,500 nautical miles .
on 18 november the same year , the 22 nd china antarctic expedition team left shanghai and went to the antarctic zhongshan station to conduct scientific research activities . it will leave the zhongshan station to shanghai via australia before the end of february 2006 .
because it was the first time china released the polar observation report , the " 2005 china polar observation report " also set forth the direction for the polar exploration undertakings in china that started in the early 1980 s .
according to the " report , " china officially joined the " antarctic treaty " in 1983 , becoming a member of the antarctic treaty organization , and successively becoming the council of directors of the national antarctic scientific research council , the council of directors of the antarctic bureau of science , and other most influential member countries of the antarctic affairs .
in 1997 , china became a member of the arctic science committee , and won the right to speak and make decision in international polar affairs .
the " report " pointed out : over the past 20 - odd years , china 's polar expedition has never matured , has constantly developed , and has initially produced a large scale ; a large - scale scientific research system has been formed in the north pole , a single passenger and shipping station in the south ; that is , the southern pole long town station established in february 1985 , the south pole station established in february 1989 , the northern pole station established in july 2004 , and
according to statistics of the " report , " by the end of 2005 , china had organized 22 surveys on science in the south pole on two occasions , using the snowloop ship of the snowloom to be used as the platform for the north pole scientific observation 2 , disclosing the north pole huanghe station on two occasions . so far , more than 3,000 people have visited the site of the nissan pole in china .
at present , we are working for the establishment of the third antarctic observation station , and is also the first inland - to - land inspection station in china .
sun zhihui said :
through more than 20 years of efforts , china 's polar exploration has made tremendous achievements in the world 's polar exploration , but compared with other major polar - looking countries , there is still a relatively large gap between china and the world . we must catch up with the mimic .
he said .
sun zhihui disclosed that china will publish an annual report on polar observation .
castro meets chinese vice president on cooperation in science , education
havana , february 10 ( xinhua ) the cuban council of state president castro met with visiting chinese state councilor chen zhili on the 10th . both sides expressed their readiness to continuously strengthen mutually beneficial cooperation in education , science and technology .
president castro warmly welcomed state councilor chen zhili on his visit to cuba .
he said : cuba - china relations are very friendly . high - level visits have been frequent , and this has forcefully promoted and strengthened friendship and mutual understanding between the two sides . he expressed the hope that the two countries will constantly deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in various fields , including education and science and technology .
chen said : cuba is the first latin american and caribbean region with great influence .
the friendly exchanges between the chinese and cuban peoples go back to ancient times .
cuba is the first latin american country to establish diplomatic relations with new china .
after entering the new century , with the concern and promotion of the leaders of the two countries , mutual political trust between the two countries has become increasingly deepened , the scope of cooperation has been constantly expanded , and mutual support and cooperation in international affairs has been expanded . the friendly relations between china and cuba have entered a new period of all - round development .
she believed that with the joint efforts of both sides , the friendly cooperation between china and cuba will certainly yield more fruitful results .
chen zhili also pointed out that the chinese government has always attached importance to exchanges and cooperation with cuba in the educational field .
in recent years , the two countries have increasingly conducted educational exchanges and frequent personnel exchanges .
china actively supports the international meetings held by the cuban side and has sent delegations to attend the previous world higher education conference and the 2005 conference on wiping out illiteracy .
cuba 's basic education level is very high , and it is hoped that relevant experience exchange will be further strengthened in the future .
chen said that the two countries have great potential in science and technology research and development , and that they can achieve win - win results through cooperation in various fields .
the chinese side will provide aid to some scientific research equipment in cuba and hopes to play a positive role in cuba 's scientific research and production .
she also briefed castro on china 's strategy of developing the country through science and education and the national science and technology conference .
chen arrived in beijing on february 9 at the invitation of the cuban government , starting his visit to cuba .
during the visit , chen zhili met with cuban minister of higher education viaco and inspected the university of science of havana , the university of science of information science , the sithletiti middle school and the san maria primary school .
explosion kills 11 in section of section of section of section
harbin , february 11 ( xinhua ) the chinese government had decided to set up a bus route to the east of the capital at about 2300 hours on february 10 , killing some sections of the road .
according to a briefing by the traffic police group of the shuangcheng city public security bureau , three trucks collided in a truck 58 km of the jingha highway on 10 april , a mgv with a kitchen and an oil tank vehicle crashed into the compartment , and a cracks leaked out of the oil tanker vehicle . the waste oil that was loaded onto the road .
it is learned that the tanker loaded with waste oil for production of coke .
the amount of detreated oil was very high because of the high concentration of waste oil , while fearing that there was a danger of fire in vehicles in the past .
harbin is closed to some sections of roads in the two cities , and many vehicles bypass .
at present , relevant departments are screening the scene and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) huangpu announced the release of the three italian companies on sale .
hong kong , february 11 ( xinhua ) the company announced on the 11th that it would postpone the implementation of the company 's plan to list the market in italy .
and huo jianning , general manager of the huanggang group , said that although the mt - 3 has obtained approval from all relevant regulatory agencies on the listing , the listing process must be completed in the next few weeks , and the time is really too hurry .
at the same time , the current weak european telecommunications market is not necessarily able to make a big market in italy at this moment .
in view of the greatest interest consideration for stockholders , the decision was made to postpone the listing .
as for when to issue shares to be listed on the stock market , fok said that it would depend on the future trends of the european telecommunications market .
he said that from now to the time of the introduction of shares , mizuho , italy needs to carry out extensive investor education activities so as to let the global telecommunications investment market understand more clearly the current strong performance and prospects of mitigating italy .
according to another media report , one of the world coordinators in italy , goldman sachs , agreed to sell the shares of the shares of the euro in the form of 10 percent through private sales . the transaction is expected to be completed before march this year .
china , myanmar to further economic ties , trade : senior official
yangon , february 12 ( xinhua ) the chinese ambassador to myanmar , mr miu khoi , and economic and business counselor tang haihai , were interviewed by xinhua on the eve of myanmar 's prime minister 's china visit on the 14th .
ambassador guan mu said : in recent years , the sino - myanmar good - neighborly and friendly relations , which are based on the five principles of peaceful coexistence , have been consolidated and developed , and exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been increasingly expanded and deepened , and the two countries ' economic and trade relations have been constantly expanded and strengthened .
tang jiaxuan said : the high - level visits between the two countries have effectively promoted the development of bilateral economic and trade cooperation .
during the exchange of high - level visits in 2004 , the two sides signed 33 agreements on economic and trade cooperation , most of which are being implemented and implemented .
he said : the figure for 2004 was $ 1.14 - billion , and the figure for 2005 reached $ 12.09 - billion , of which $ 93.5 - billion was exports and $ 274 - billion were imports .
in bilateral trade last year , trade between china 's yunnan and myanmar , including border trade , amounted to $ 630 - million , an increase of 14.6 percent over the previous year .
tang said myanmar has become an important part of china 's enterprises in the area of contracting out engineering , and the main projects in china are the bridge bridge and the factory ( like the candy mill , the cake factory , the caisine , jay mill , etc. ) .
chinese enterprises have launched engineering business in myanmar , bringing along the export of various kinds of machinery and electronic products in china , and myanmar has become one of the major markets for china 's complete sets of equipment and machinery and electronic products .
according to chinese customs statistics , in the past five to six years , the export of mechanical and electrical products has accounted for about 455.5 percent of china 's total exports to myanmar .
tang also said myanmar is rich in resources and chinese companies have started investing in myanmar 's petroleum gas ( nickel co. ltd. and other resource development projects , and there is great potential for the development of sino - myanmar economic and trade cooperation .
he expressed the hope that chinese enterprises will have a long - term view , learn to avoid risks , and make prudent decision - making , and establish a good enterprise image ; we must ensure that the quality and quantity of projects are fulfilled on schedule , and we must strive for the country 's glory .
ambassador guan mu and counselor tang haiti both held that premier soe win 's upcoming official visit to china is a major event in bilateral relations this year , and is of great significance to enhancing mutual political trust , promoting bilateral cooperation , and further developing sino - burmese good - neighborly and friendly relations .
it is expected that the two sides will sign several agreements on economic and trade cooperation during the visit .
world bank plans to reduce debt to poorest countries
moscow , february 11 ( xinhua ) world bank president wolfowitz said in moscow on the 11th that the world bank will completely waive the debts of the poorest countries before the middle of this year .
wolfowitz held talks with chinese officials from various countries attending the g - 8 finance ministers ' meeting in moscow on the same day .
in a statement issued after the meeting , he said that the world bank would implement the debt relief program before july 1 this year , and the world bank is now completing all technical work .
last year , the world bank donors completely removed the debts owed by 28 countries and said they would fill the funds for the trust funds concerned .
the amount of creditor 's rights of the imf is relatively small , and the organization has started to reduce or waive its debts since the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz 's decision to exempt russia from the debt of 16 african countries .
high - definition digital television gradually mainstream in the united states
new york , february 12 ( xinhua ) with the high - resolution digital television ( cmt ) , the price of high resolution television machines has continued to decline and the market has been expanding , and us television broadcasters have also stepped up their efforts to introduce corresponding high - definition television programs .
the newly created supermate us rowmer has become the american broadcasting industry 's most important player in greeting the era of high - definition television .
according to a recent report by the financial times , the us congress recently passed a bill stipulating that the american broadcasting industry must stop broadcasting the current simulated television signals in an all - round manner on 17 february 2009 , and only digital signals can be broadcast .
this means that the comprehensive digitization of the us television program has already set a clear timetable .
high resolution digital television on one hand depends on consumers to purchase television sets , while on the other hand , it depends on the production organization to provide high - resolution digital programs .
although digital television has been repeatedly mentioned in the past few years , it has never become a reality .
this problem has taken a turn for the better this year .
according to the forecast by the consumer electronics association , the number of digital television sets will exceed traditional television sets for the first time this year , and 855 % of the digital television sets are high - resolution products .
japanese researchers develop new highly efficient kidney - cremation
tokyo , february 13 ( xinhua ) the japanese government has decided to develop a biomedical kidney - making kidney , which is not only in the form of a separate substitution of human kidney , but also has the function of retaining the material ingredients . it is easy to transplant . with the deepening of research , it is expected to bring good to the patients with kidney disease .
according to a report by the " nikkei shimbun , " the newly developed biological artificial kidney mainly consists of two parts , and some are the artificial filtration of xie waste and water distances from the blood , while the other part is the reentry of the culex of dimmmer cells , which is used to rereturn to the blood , such as the original water division and the amino base .
the mill made the kidney , and the mice made by the people were all made up of the silk line of the middle sky , and the inner part of the sizable thick layer of the cells is filled with urine cells that dissolve the function of substitute tse .
this type of skin cells can make many blood transfusion analysis causes mysterious deficiency , and the variant of the product of the insect is deformed into a body of insecticide and return to the blood , and at the same time , can also bring the blood cells and the mineral resources that are essential to their bodies to enter the blood .
the past human kidney - making process was based on the leakage of leopard , and it could not be completely removed , and it was not necessary to return the ingredients of ammonia and other elements to the blood .
researchers used the sheep to carry out biomedicine transplantation experiments , using pig - pig cells on the central space silk line for artificial kidney .
two weeks later , researchers confirmed that man - made kidney has been able to function .
they are currently developing biologists and kidney - making kidney - making and will start clinical research after testing their safety .
china 's power production safety still faces severe challenges
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the state power supervision and control commission ( sssic ) said on the 13th that although the overall situation of power safety in 2005 remained stable , the production safety of power was still facing severe challenges .
shi yubo , vice chairman of the state electric power supervision and administration commission , said at the fifth meeting of the national power safety production committee held here that in 2005 , china 's overall power production safety was stable , and the power supply task was successfully completed , and the power supply and power supply was basically ensured , and the power supply equipment safety and general power generation accidents reduced by a big margin , and the power equipment safety and general power generation safety level was raised to a higher level .
however , he pointed out that with the changes in the supply and demand situation of power supply and the successive operation of large numbers of newly built generating units , new problems will be faced with in the production of power safety .
these challenges include the imbalances of seasonal defective electricity shortages in some regions , the situation of power supply and demand in some areas remains tight , and the good mechanism for power - related coal prices has not taken shape , resulting in a relatively big problem in coal supply , and at the same time , the problem of reduced coal quality has not been effectively controlled , and the stable operation of power generating units will seriously affect the stable operation of some power generating units , the weak power structure ,
shi yubo said : with the deepening of the reform of the power system , many deep - seated contradictions will be continuously exposed . how to maintain the stability of the staff and workers and ensure normal production order will become new problems .
in view of the work of power safety in 2006 , shi yubo said : we should further strengthen the basic work of power production safety management , speed up the establishment and improvement of an emergency management mechanism for power safety , enhance the ability to deal with sudden incidents , strengthen coordination and cooperation in power plants and networks , jointly safeguard the safety of the power system , continue to do a good job in supervising and managing the construction of the dam , strengthen the safety management of power construction , and ensure the smooth
it is learned that in light of the new situation in power safety management , the power supervision committee will carry out revision and improvement this year the " provisional regulations on investigating an electric power production accident " promulgated . meanwhile , the relevant documents on the safety of the dam and the second system for protecting power supply will be issued successively this year .
in 2005 , china 's entire society had 24.689 - billion kilowatt - hours power , an increase of 13.455 percent over the same period last year .
in the face of the situation of power supply and demand , the contradiction between coal , power , oil , and transportation is still quite conspicuous , and various power enterprises have taken effective measures to strengthen equipment management . last year , there was no particularly serious equipment accident in power production nationwide .
there were 74 power grid accidents , 127 less than the same period last year , and 427 equipment accidents were reduced by 132 times compared with the same period last year .
south african envoy to china says there is no such thing as organizing criminal activities against chinese citizens in south africa .
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the south african embassy in china ( mfa ) has been working on a " new strategy " to promote the development of the south african national economy , said the minister , who is the first to be held in south africa , on wednesday .
he also said that the south african government will do everything possible to crack down on all forms of crime .
he said the south african government hopes to reduce the crime rate to zero and hopes that every one of the foreigners working in south africa will be given the safety of the lives and property of the foreigners who work in south africa .
since 2006 , four chinese citizens have been successively killed in south africa , and the chinese world has expressed extensive concern over this .
the chinese foreign ministry has made representations to south africa on this matter and reminded chinese citizens in south africa to further strengthen their awareness of safety and precautions , and overseas chinese have strengthened unity and friendship among themselves and cooperated with the police in cracking down on criminal activities .
we express our most sincere sympathy and condolences to the victims ' families .
" we are satisfied with this , " said shipman , adding that the south african government is now investigating every case involving china .
according to the chinese embassy in south africa , the south african police have successfully cracked the case of chen jianqing , a chinese fujian woman , on 5 february , who was killed in south africa , and a suspect has been arrested .
police are now hunting another suspect .
according to the south african embassy in china , the criminal suspects involved in the shooting of hong kong businessmen in january this year have been arrested by the south african police and the property of the victims has been recovered .
speaking on the possible impact of the chinese citizens ' assassination , fu kangning said that these incidents would indeed cast a shadow on trade between the two countries and on exchanges in other fields , and would have a negative impact . however , from a long - term perspective , the impact should not be muddled .
according to the south african embassy tourism commissioner , the embassy received a total of over 2,000 chinese tourists in the first 15 days of this year .
according to chinese official statistics , south africa will continue to maintain china 's largest trade partner in africa in 2005 .
bilateral trade volume reached $ 7.27 billion , up 23.0 percent over the same period last year .
however , people in the tourism industry believe that the successive chinese citizens ' murder in 2004 has clearly affected the number of chinese tourists to south africa .
according to statistics from the south african tourism bureau , chinese tourists to south africa in the first half of 2005 were 20,331 , a decrease of 14.93 percent over the same period last year .
currently there are 200,000 chinese living in south africa , and there are villages in south africa .
analysts here believe that south africa 's gap between rich and poor , high unemployment rate , and rampant gun fire have not been threatened , and therefore the crime rate is still high .
because many chinese do not understand english , they have cash in their bodies and homes , and they are more easily accessible to criminals who seek money and attack .
hk promotes english learning and training in hk
hong kong , february 13 ( xinhua ) the " english language campaign " launched by the hong kong special administrative region government on february 13th is aimed at enhancing the english standard of the workforce .
this new english - made , good - quality , and rich - life program as the theme , including promoting learning and training in workplace english through a series of promotional activities , and enabling employers to better understand how to help employees enhance their english standard .
so far , the scheme has provided nearly 25,000 people with funding to complete the workplace english training courses , enabling them to attain the benchmark for the relevant types of workplace english .
hong kong 's english language campaign is launched in 2000 by the sar government .
the key project of the campaign is to provide funding for workplace english training .
the scheme aims to help employees who require english in their work to receive training and participate in specified international business english examinations , to meet the required workplace english standards for their relevant types of work .
the aids testing and testing system in hebei has been free of charge .
shijiazhuang , february 14 ( xinhua ) the hebei provincial health department recently issued a " hebei province voluntary aids consultation and inspection program " ( trial implementation ) , which clearly specifies the free hiv infection control principle for free hiv tests , hoping to find the greatest hiv carriers and patients to implement preventive measures and curiosity treatment measures and the fourth lene treatment policy .
the " plan " specifies the principles for hebei province 's voluntary consultation and inspection of aids : free aids antibody inspection and consultation , voluntary inspection and consultation , and information - based aids antibody testing , testing , consultation , and keeping information , and non - assessment of aids patients ' relevant conduct , protection of the legitimate rights and interests of hiv carriers and aids patients , and providing them with corresponding follow - up services .
the " plan " calls for that the aids consultation and testing center should be set up at the convenient location of the counselor , and it is necessary to have a single room for individual consultation to protect the seller 's privacy .
the choice of the consulting personnel should give full consideration to the fact that they are proficient in their personal proficiency , their knowledge face , and their ability to exchange .
to protect the selfish interests of consulting agents , the test invoice can be used in code numbers or number for registration .
the " plan " also requires that the health administration departments at and above the county level make public the local main media the list of medical and health institutions and telephone calls for providing free aids for free - of - charge services in their localities , so as to facilitate the masses to understand relevant information .
prc public security ministry 's investigation on extortion of confession by torture remains key work
beijing , february 14 ( xinhua ) the ministry of public security 's deputy commissioner of police , zheng baigang , said in response to a foreign reporter 's question at a press conference held by the ministry of public security on the 14th that it is not very appropriate to make suspects break their guard by applying the so - called " bottleneck " method to admit their crimes .
the focus of the work of the supervisory departments is also to prevent the occurrence of these problems .
he also pointed out that some international organizations have a lack of understanding of the law enforcement of the chinese police .
the latest information provided by the ministry of public security on 14 june shows that the ministry of public security issued in 2002 the " regulations on putting the leave measures and putting the records of the measures taken by public security organs for filing the records " in an effort to ensure that the public security organs at the grassroots level adopt the measures for placing the interrogation in accordance with the law .
since 1997 , in order to intensify efforts to control three cases ( the trial of confession of confused cases of abuse of guns , police , and coercive measures ) , public security organs throughout the country have persisted in the practice of conducting thorough investigation of the criminal case , such as the police patrol unit , the police patrol unit , and the public security supervisory and control centers , and conducted a secret check on the law enforcement parameters which are more clearly in line with citizens ' personal safety
in order to prevent the occurrence of law enforcement at source , the police inspectors have further extended the tentacles of law enforcement inspectors , increased the number of cases involving the use of force , and inquired about the application of the application of the law enforcement supervision and inspection of the legal links in such areas as the handling of penalties for public security personnel and the admission of information on robbing and snatching vehicle information .
new year 's eve in taipei
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) taipei has been the first to visit taiwan since the beginning of this year , and the number of taiwan compatriots who have been honorary chairman of the taiwan strait exchange foundation has fallen through the early morning of the 15th due to acute encirclement and suffering from heart failure and blood - shedding .
sun yun - suan was born on 11 november 1913 in penglai , shandong , and graduated from the department of electrical machinery of harbin industrial university .
it was a member of the 10 th and 13 th cpc central committee , member of the 11th cpc central standing committee , chairman of the presidium of the 14 th central committee appraisal committee , and member of the 15 th central committee appraisal committee .
he was once the head of the taiwan authorities ' transportation department , and director of the state administration of industry , mt . m. m. m. m. m. m. m. m. m. , director of the taiwan authorities ' research department .
heilongjiang to promote water pollution impact assessment and countermeasures
harbin , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to remove the ice and melt the ice lakes from the river and to monitor and control the pollution and water pollution in the river , said the official with the ministry of water resources .
this reporter learned from the heilongjiang provincial environmental protection bureau that the songhua river , which was led by the state administration of environmental protection , has set up 15 special topics for the environmental impact assessment and countermeasures for the disaster , which are divided into the emergency environment assessment and countermeasure , and the comprehensive evaluation project for the comprehensive control project for the control of the pollution of the human body , and the time schedule of the three stages is divided into three stages .
currently , there are a total of more than 60 scientific research institutes in heilongjiang province , and more than 60 people have undertaken technical research work on 14 subjects .
according to the briefing , the environmental protection departments and relevant scientific research institutions will conduct research on five topics , namely , an evaluation of the emergency environment and a research on countermeasures , in an effort to first resolve environmental problems that the masses are concerned about .
these include the main control of the concentration of the surface - to - surface characteristics and the forecast pollution of the discharged pollutants , which affect the food safety of the songhua river water products , and the assessment of the safety impact of water scattered across the river and on the surface water safety , the evaluation of the urban safety and cleanliness technology plan for water supply safety and cleanliness , and the study of the residual and displacement laws of pollutants in the
the heilongjiang provincial environmental protection department will also intensify environmental monitoring along the songhua river and seriously investigate and deal with environmental incidents that cause serious pollution by illegal discharge of pollutants and illegal construction .
heilongjiang will dispatch environmental law - enforcement personnel to supervise various localities in comprehensively improving the environment of small river basins , improving the situation of the seashore , tulilan river , and other tributaries , and improving the environmental management system of such tributaries .
beijing university sets up mourning hall to mourn wang xuan
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a national university in beijing on february 15 , after a few days of intense deployment , at the mourning hall of the beijing university commemorative parade for the centenary of the beijing university . as of noon on the day , hundreds of people have come to offer condolences .
at 0800 hours , the opening hours of the mourning hall have not yet arrived , and dozens of people outside the gate have been set up .
at a lecture hall at the grand commemorative hall of the beijing university , this reporter saw that a black horizontal wall was hanging on the hall : a dark horizontal wall was buried on the wall to mourn academician wang xuan .
the horizontal horizontal picture of wang xuan , a huge portrait of more than 10 square meters , is laughing with his face and has a graceful bearing .
the portrait is placed on the two sides of the portrait , with several longpei trees and several tens of wreaths .
one of the elegant corners of the wreath was put on the chin sheng 's ingrained foundation of the brilliant chinese , and the first - generation lead makeup of the modern chinese masterpiece was made on the map .
the mourning hall was very warm and the atmosphere was filled with a heavy smile .
among the people mourning were beijing university leaders and teachers and students , and friends of academician wang xuan shook their eyes and many people who had no access to him were also eager to come .
some of them held flowers in their hands , some carried a flower basket , and each of them wore a little white flower in their chest , slowly walked to the portrait of wang xuan 's academician , bowing their ambition to make a dear .
many people could not help but shed their tears .
the director of the state administration of cultural relics , zhang wenbin , was an old alumnus of beijing university . he told the reporter that he was still working in henan province more than 10 years ago . he asked professor wang xuan to give a report on scientific and technological innovation to the provincial party committee 's cadres .
academician wang xuan 's curiosity is a model of our study . he has made great contributions to the country and society and the people will never forget him .
jin ruilin , professor at the beijing university law school , and wang xilan , old friend of the old friend who has been elected for more than 40 years .
he was just discharged a few days ago . he insisted on having a good bow to old friends today .
in his message , mr. jin did not hold back his pessimistic wounds and repeatedly used paper to flash his tears .
he told the reporter that professor wang xuan 's life was very frugal and he was already a professor at the residence of tong fuyuan , and he had already made very high achievements , but he was still living in a very small house for many years .
later , he moved to the chengzai garden and lived in a place of 780 square meters for more than 10 years .
beijing university gave him an academician building in the blue camp , a huge apartment of over 140 square meters . he did not want , and high - level housing provided by the building was not wanted to migrate the house .
mr. jin recalled with deep feeling that during his foreign visit , wang xuan had to leave him with a high salary , but he resolutely expressed his thanks .
when talking about the issue , he insisted that he did not apply for an academician . he was the former director of the science department of the people 's liberation army [ pla ] who was appointed to fill the table after many mobilization by mr. zhou peiyuan .
mr. jesse jin was deeply moved by wang xuan 's attitude on training young people . he repeatedly stressed that he would look at what i have achieved , not on me himself , and should rely on training young people instead of training young people .
mr. jin said , when he was over 50 years old , wang xuan started to pay attention to training young people . he always stressed that we should pave the way and be willing to serve as a human staircase and give way to young people .
this is a very successful scientist . it is not easy to migrate .
this reporter learned from the beijing university news center that from 09:00 am on 15 february to 12:00 noon on 19 february , the cinema of wang xuan was opened to the public everyday , and the mourning hall of academician wang xuan was opened to the public for the condolence of people of all walks of life .
the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] member , who is known as the contemporary imperial binliam [ name as transliterated ] , the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] , was named " academician wang xuan of the third world cas , " and died of illness at beijing 's xianhe hospital at 11:33 on 13 february due to illness .
china 's npc , chile 's parliament set up exchange mechanism
wu bangguo attended the signing ceremony and signed the agreement .
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) li peng , chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) , attended a meeting of the signing ceremony of the agreement on establishing political dialogue between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament at the great hall of the people on the afternoon of 15 february , and signed the agreement on the document .
the mechanism for exchanges between china 's npc and the chilean parliament has been officially established .
it is reported that ronalo , president of the chilean parliament , and arseno , president of the house of representatives , signed the agreement in santiago , the capital of chile , the other day .
according to the agreement , the two sides will , in accordance with the principles laid down in the sino - chilean communique on the establishment of political dialogue between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament , set up a dialogue committee between the two sides , and take turns to hold meetings on an irregular basis in order to promote the comprehensive development of bilateral relations .
chilean ambassador to china klaus rila and others attended the signing ceremony .
china to promulgate regulations on protection of information network dissemination
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a special website to provide information on newspapers and magazines with a large number of news reports , but many have not been authorized and have not paid the price of the audit commission , wang ziqiang , director of the copyright bureau of the state copyright bureau , said at a press briefing held by the information office of the state council on the 15th .
wang said : according to the existing legal provisions , the works published in newspapers and periodicals can be used as published as long as the author does not make a statement that can not be used in the locality , and the author has to pay the remuneration , the state copyright bureau has specifically set the standard for reprinting newspapers and periodicals in accordance with the law .
however , in accordance with the existing legal provisions , the press and publication agency enjoy this kind of statutory license rights , and the internet currently does not enjoy this kind of statutory license rights .
according to relevant judicial interpretations made by the supreme people 's court , the method of using statutory permissions for newspapers and periodicals to reprint legal permits is applicable to the internet , and the author has not made a statement that cannot be used in the public notice , and the internet can not be used without permission , and at the same time , it must pay for remuneration .
however , as judicial interpretations do not stipulate the remuneration standards , it is not paid for using these works on the internet in reality .
the release of the short - sized works on internet is applicable to statutory permission , and it is also necessary to determine the profitability of the industry from the legal level .
wang ziqiang said : whether or not the binding industry has been included in the scope of legal decision and the regulations on protecting the right to disseminate information networks that are awaiting this year .
russian military says no resolution to georgia 's parliament on peacekeeping
moscow , february 15 ( xinhua ) the russian defense ministry has decided to set up a joint military exercise with the russian armed forces to ensure the safety of the troops , a press official said here today .
the russian state duma ( lower house ) cis affairs committee chairman kokshin issued a statement on the same day on the georgian parliament 's resolution on the russian peacekeeping force , pointing out that this resolution by georgia will undermine stability in the situation in the region and will have an unfavorable impact on russian - georgian relations .
he stressed : the georgian parliament 's resolution has further worsened relations between russia and georgia .
he said : the gravel 's accusation against russia is absurd .
the georgian parliament adopted a resolution on the same day , demanding that the russian peacekeeping force stop its peacekeeping operations in the south ossetia , but the specific deadline for the withdrawal of russian peacekeeping troops was not set .
georgia accuses russian peacekeeping personnel of failing to fulfill their stipulated obligations and considers the actions taken by russia in the conflict areas as a piece of land attempting to swallow georgia .
georgia 's parliament demands that the government take positive action to consider sending peacekeeping troops to the international peacekeeping forces in the conflict region in south ossetia to replace the current peacekeeping operations in the region .
the georgian parliament also instructed the government to revise and define the relevant agreements on the entry of russian peacekeeping personnel to the conflict area .
the south ossetia is a autonomous state of georgia , and is bounded by the republic of russia 's north ossetia .
after the disintegration of the former soviet union , it declared independence on its own and was in a state of confrontation with the georgian central government for a long time .
at present , russia has a 500 - member peacekeeping camp in this region .
this unit was established on the basis of the three - year plan of the four parties of russia 's state of caisine in northern georgia in 1992 .
four responsible persons of liaoyuan hospital will be charged with the crime of causing major accidents .
changchun , february 16 ( xinhua ) the jilin provincial liaoyuan city hospital ( kcna ) has decided to set up 11 persons responsible for the fire , including zhang diankun , head of the hospital electric work squad , and four others , who will be charged with the crime of causing a major accident .
on 15 december 2005 , the liaoyuan hospital , the largest hospital in liaoyuan city , was hit , and eventually 39 people were killed .
in this fire , the area of fire was over 5,000 square meters .
it is learned that this is the first time that a major medical and health accident has occurred in the country since the founding of new china .
according to investigations , at about 16:30 on the day of the incident , the liaoyuan city central hospital suddenly stopped power supply . according to the design of the hospital 's circuits , the electric gate for the power station would automatically jump into the secondary gates and continue to maintain the normal power supply of the hospital . however , the power gate was not automatically cut off at that time , and the power station 's head zhang diankun was forced to send off the power
the underground cables , which were smoke - free , were completely entangled with more than 10 cables , and such cables should be laid on very tidy and put on fire prevention layers .
therefore , the 57 - year - old liaoyuan textile company electrical team leader zhao yongchun installed retired cadre ( senior engineer ) sun fenglin , the liaolin city center hospital , and then returned to his employment with jin chengtai , a worker , after retiring from the liaoyuan city center hospital , and was also charged for suspected crimes of causing a major responsibility accident .
china 's first tour to guizhou to be held in tianlong castle
guiyang , february 16 ( xinhua ) guiyang city of pingba county of guizhou province , the largest number of children in tianlong village of tianlong town , pingba county , guizhou province , were on the festive mood and cheered with joy .
at 10 : 30 am , after the queverest year of life , the 80 - year - old zheng peiguang , who was wearing a long - sleeved shirt , sounded the first chime of the first tour of guizhou , china 's rural tourism .
tianlong tuen mun castle village is a typical representative of the development of tourism in guizhou 's rural areas and a national model for village tourism .
as the first time the red army was in the ming dynasty , the descendants of the tuen mun army were descending to the world , and the maiden man has been in the maiden dynasty for more than 600 years .
here , we can see the blue - sleepy long - sleeper dressed in a big glimpse , the ancient han culture and accessories are preserved in the village of tuen mun .
it is learned that the tianlong village , relying on this traditional cultural advantage , has developed rural cultural tourism since 2002 , with its ticket revenues reaching 3.8 - million yuan in 2005 . more than 477 percent of the village has sold tourism through catching and transportation , and other household - based tourism products . the per capita income of peasants has increased from 1,300 yuan in 2002 to 2640 yuan in 2005 .
yang shengming , director of the guizhou provincial tourism administration , said that following the first tour of tianlong tuen mun , the new tourist attraction of the new rural areas , new hammer , new hammer , has been taken as the theme . the various rural tourism activities launched by various localities of guizhou this year will reach 35 .
so far , guizhou has more than 130 villages and villages have launched various rural tourism projects . by 2005 , more than 600,000 peasant households in the province have extricated themselves from poverty through developing tourism .
in january , housing prices in 70 cities nationwide went up 5.5 percent , and housing prices in shanghai continued to decline .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the national bureau of science and technology ( nbs ) said today that the price of housing in 70 large and medium cities in the country rose by 5.5 percent in january , a drop of 0.7 percentage points from the previous month .
housing prices in shanghai continued to decline .
the state development and reform commission , the state statistics bureau , released data on 16 june , showing that most of the 70 large and medium cities sold their housing prices in january this year , with a small increase of 10 percent , while the price of shanghai 's housing sales continued to decline slightly , a decrease of 0.4 percent over the same period last year .
the same period of last year , the price of shanghai 's housing sales rose 19.1 percent , and a turn for the better was seen in the second half of last year .
in january this year , the prices of new residential housing in 70 large and medium cities rose 6.9 percent year on year , 0.2 percentage points lower than that of last month .
the increase in newly built commercial housing was 18.99 percent , and the growth rate of housing was 10.09 percent in shenzhen , 9.1 percent in beijing , 8.4 percent in shanghai , and 3.1 percent in shanghai compared with the same period last year .
the organization department of the cpc central committee has called for further intensifying supervision over the selection and appointment of leading cadres and cadres
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the central organization department recently issued and issued a proposal on strengthening cadre supervision .
the opinions require that organization departments at all levels proceed from strict management and care for and care for cadres , and carry cadre supervision throughout the process of cadre training and education , selection and appointment of day - to - day management , establish and improve a supervision mechanism for strengthening the timely detection of cases , and effectively strengthen supervision over the selection , selection , and appointment of leading cadres and cadres .
the opinions pointed out : the main task of supervising cadres of organization departments is to supervise leading bodies and leading cadres , with the focus on strengthening supervision over principal responsible officials of leading bodies , and on supervising the selection and appointment of leading cadres of party and government organizations ; and on grasping the supervision and inspection of the implementation of the " regulations on selecting , promoting , and appointing leading cadres of party and government organizations . "
in the supervision of leading bodies and leading cadres , the opinions put forward that it is necessary to persistently and unremittingly grasp education on ideals and convictions and on fighting corruption and promoting honesty , and carry education through the training , selection , and management of cadres ; guide and supervise leading cadres to strengthen their party spirit cultivation , persist in building the party in the public interest for the people , and build a firm ideological and moral defense line for resisting corruption and preventing degeneration .
the cadres newly promoted should be promoted in a clean and honest manner when they hold posts .
it is necessary to urge leading bodies at all levels to uphold democratic centralism , establish and improve rules and procedures for making decisions on matters , and seriously implement the system of combining collective leadership with individual responsibility in the division of work .
we should give prominence to supervision over the principal responsible persons of leading bodies , and regularly hold discussions with the principal responsible persons of organization ( personnel ) departments , and understand the situation of their discussions on the mental state of their work style .
we should establish and improve the system of daily management and supervision of leading cadres , regularly conduct an analysis and analysis of the ideological and work style of the contingent of leading cadres , and put forward opinions and measures for resolving problems .
the practice of leading cadres ' system of admonishing and writing and asking questions , discover problems of a tendency , and conduct timely admonitory talks or letters and comments .
the party committees and governments at all levels should seriously investigate and understand the outstanding problems reported by the masses , and give criticism and education or corresponding organizational handling to those problems that have occurred , and those who have violated discipline and law should be transferred to law enforcement organs , and those who have found no problems through investigation should be clarified in a proper way .
at the same time , we should combine strengthening supervision with encouraging cadres to boldly explore new ways and blaze new trails and pay attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the opinions and demands : organization ( personnel ) departments at all levels should effectively strengthen supervision over the selection and appointment of leading party and government cadres .
we should further improve the system of making decisions on nominations for cadres , and strictly supervise the selection and employment of cadres in order to ensure that the selection and employment of cadres are properly handled and that the work of selecting and employing people is conducted in a manner that is highly trusted by the masses and that the people are able to win the trust of the masses .
it is necessary to strengthen the inspection of the implementation of regulations on the appointment of cadres , seriously investigate and deal with acts that violate the regulations on appointing cadres , and resolutely check unhealthy trends and corrupt phenomena in the use of personnel .
and put into practice a system of supervising and inspecting the use of people in violation of regulations and intensify supervision , handling , and investigation .
we should establish and improve a system of holding accountable responsibility for the work of selecting and appointing cadres , and scientifically define the responsibility content of each link of the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres in accordance with the principle of unanimity of authority and responsibility , clearly define the form of holding accountable responsibility for each link of the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres , and make greater efforts to investigate and affix the responsibility .
give full play to the role of supervision by the masses , establish and improve a mechanism of reporting highly efficient cases .
give play to the role of supervision by public opinion , and give timely information to the media on the relevant situation in the work of selecting and appointing cadres and accept supervision by public opinion .
the opinions pointed out : we should further improve the mechanism for coordinating and coordinating cadre supervision work .
organization ( personnel ) departments should strengthen coordination with discipline inspection organs , and establish a work mechanism that is related to the work of discipline inspection organs on the work of improving the party style and building a clean and honest government of cadres , and enhance the joint force of supervision .
and work with discipline inspection organs to do a good job in inspection work , improve inspection methods , improve inspection systems , and improve inspection quality .
in conjunction with the auditing organs , the auditing organs have conscientiously implemented the system of auditing leading cadres ' economic responsibilities .
we should improve the internal supervision mechanism for the selection and appointment of cadres in organization departments .
taiwan authorities ' use of illegal investment in mainland china as a key high - tech enterprise
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the taiwan authorities have decided to impose penalties on taiwan 's chip chip chip - hop electronics co. ltd. ( sammaimlit ) , one of the largest numbers of taiwan 's united huanet company , on the reason for this is that it provides seamless equipment to help taiwan 's warships and technology company set up in the mainland .
taiwan 's " chung - kuo shih - pao " said that this is chen shui - bian 's active control over the economy and trade policy of the two sides of the strait that is based on the government 's open - minded policy . the first example of the taiwan authorities ' penalties for taiwan businessmen 's investment on the mainland is that taiwan authorities will be punished .
according to reports , taiwan 's ministry of economy , the people in charge of the stock market , the united microelectronics , was fined because they violated the regulations on cross - strait people relations and the regulations on technical cooperation permission for investment and cooperation in mainland china .
in the future , the locking will be tested in order to make a decision on the situation , and cao xingcheng , former chairman of the united electric power company , will be fined .
the curtain began on the joint electronic case in february 2005 . at that time , taiwan 's prosecutors mobilized more than 100 people to carry out a surprise check at the residential and office of several high - ranking personnel , claiming that united telecommunications corporation was suspected of providing illegal funds and funds for the use of funds and the disbursement of resources for illegal use of technology on ships and warships .
cao xingcheng , who was then chairman of the united microelectronics corporation , publicly stated that unicom had not violated any regulations of the taiwan authorities , and that the united telecommunications corporation 's assistance to the technology of warships and telecommunications was for the sake of the long - term interests of the united power industry . if unicom does not enter the mainland market as soon as possible , it will lose business opportunities .
later , the taiwan authorities ' financial supervisory committee , which has violated the regulations on disclosure of commercial information , imposed a fine of nt $ 3 - million on the united microelectronics .
on january 9 , 2006 , the joint electric company board accepted cao xingcheng 's resignation . after several hours of investigation , cao xingcheng was formally indicted for suspected illegal investment in the mainland .
the joint electric company and the taiwan manufacturing electric company ( limited for short ) , and the chip electronics company , which claims taiwan 's chijing circuit circuit is a leading high - tech enterprise on the island .
the taiwan authorities have been investigating and dealing with a series of actions taken by the united power company over the past year , and this has attracted great attention from all circles on the island .
2 nd term of china 's maiden maiden maiden race to be held in macao
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the second term of the year of the roman volleyball competition in macao , which is the second largest ever ever ever held , announced in beijing on the 17th that it will contend with the precursor of the romantic memoirs of macao , which is a mere mere of the heart of the chinese people around the world .
the competition was jointly sponsored by the macao foundation and the baihua literature publishing house , " the essay edition of the essay of the wenhai " , and the chair of the chinese writers association , chen jianqin , vice chairman of the chinese writers association .
in 2004 , on the fifth anniversary of macao 's return to the motherland , the first ever popular maiden competition in macao , which is in my heart , has been held . the acftu has received a total of more than 8,000 entries , and more than 10 winners from home and abroad have been invited to the macao sar for awards .
executive member of the macao foundation wu zhiliang told a news briefing on the 17th that last year , the historical circle of macao was listed in the world 's cultural heritage list , which not only meant that the life style and community management model of macao had long been affirmed by the world , but also meant that the chinese nation 's cultural tradition of being friendly and discriminated against will be extended to and developed in the macao sar . the macao sar government has decided to designate the 2006 world
wu said that it was precisely under such a good cultural atmosphere that the macao foundation and the baihua literature publishing house decided to cooperate again to hold the second round of the mucksakes in the heart of my mind , and hoped that the participants would show their love for the country and macao and the unique cultural interest of the sar and the joy of the sar and the joyous old and joyous old landscape of macao , and further establish a new image of the city
according to a briefing , the draft " the regulations on the outlet of the essay of the wenhai " will be released on 1 september this year . a special column will be opened for the participation in the competition .
after the results of the selection process are announced , a prizes ceremony will be held in the macao sar in early 2007 .
shandong has successfully implemented a heart transplant operation for infants
jinan , february 17 ( xinhua ) the jinan military region ( jinan military region ) has successfully implemented a new policy on heart transplantation for infants recently .
the reporter found in the seriously ill - fated custody room on 17 april that the infants were full of face and were kept in normal monitoring and inspection indicators for 51 days after the operation , and were playing with the toys bought by healthcare workers with great interest .
according to the doctor who received the same day , this patient from t'an village in shandong was sent to the hospital by his parents . he was purple and had difficulty in breathing . after checking and diagnosing the diagnosis of the anonymic disease , he was required to undergo heart transplant .
heart transplant is the most difficult risk in heart surgery , the most complicated surgery .
particularly , infants under one year old are transplant surgery , and they are still in vogue in china .
the jinan military region 's research institute of cardiovascular disease has organized experts to repeatedly argue , carefully designed the surgery and post - control program , and made independent innovations in the method of coherent blood pipe and in line with the method of blood control , and conducted animal experiments .
at 08:00 on 28 december 2005 , the surgery officially began .
the patient came from a patient who had been infected with the disease of pregenital lung , causing a sudden diminishing of breathing .
the surgery must be in line with six blood pipes , with more than 510 injections , and each needle is less than 3 millimetres .
after 295 minutes , the operation was a complete success .
state administration of safety supervision : serious accidents such as coal mine containment
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) four incidents of bird flu occurred one after another in the mine , which hit more than 100 people , said a report by the xinhua news agency on wednesday .
the reporter learned from the state administration of production safety on 17 april that it is necessary to truly curb the excessive occurrence of extraordinarily serious accidents , such as coal mines , and the number of coal mines is the most important task .
this year , the sssb will do the following three things well :
jesse on battle to tackle tough problems
this year , the wavez administration will be placed in a prominent position after being thrown into the market first .
if the gas mine does not remove the seam first , it will be ordered to immediately stop production according to law .
prc : zhu zhiqiang on rectifying , closing down key units
we should make public the 5243 public announcements to the public , and the more than 700 coal mine pits recently reported to the local authorities should be closed down and closed down .
we should regard the closure of small coal mines , which are not equipped with the safety conditions , as routine work and should be continuously closed down .
prc : qiushi article on strengthening coal mine safety management
it is necessary to immediately correct the practice of locating a small number of small mines that have slope management and have guide the chaotic management of state - owned mines and establish a standardized security management system .
in particular , key state - owned coal mines must absolutely not allow superpower production to be superpower .
this year , the production safety control index required that the number of deaths of all types of accidents nationwide dropped by 35.5 percent from last year , of which coal mines dropped by 3.5 percent .
the exceptionally serious accident that killed more than 10 people in one incident should be reduced by 5 percent , of which coal mines should drop by 7percent .
these control indicators have been issued to provincial - level people 's governments , and localities are implementing them at different levels and at the grassroots level .
statistics show that in 2005 , 5986 people were killed in the coal mine accident , a decrease of 0.77 percent over the same period last year .
however , the incident of an extraordinarily serious accident involving more than 10 people in the first place caused the appearance of the accident , with the number of people killed rising by 66.6 percent over the same period last year .
barroso calls for more cooperation in kosovo 's future status talks
belgrade , february 17 ( xinhua ) the european union ( eu ) has decided to set up a new government in kosovo on february 17 , said the president of the european commission , barroso , in the capital of kosovo , expressing the hope that all parties concerned will make good compromises in the process of future talks on status of kosovo and work for the eventual establishment of a democratic and multi - ethnic kosovo .
barroso met with the president of the interim authority of cote d'ivoire , serb representative , and others on the same day . he told the media that the relevant parties in kosovo should adopt a lenient attitude and establish a democratic and multi - ethnic kosovo , and a kosovo which respects the government 's ruling power and protects the rights and interests of ethnic minorities can be recognized by the international community .
he also stressed that the eu commission would do its best to help kosovo 's development .
barroso also expressed his appreciation for kosovo 's eight standards in the process of implementing the un - proposed democracy in kosovo .
he believes that the implementation of these standards is a key factor affecting the integration of kosovo and europe .
he also called on all serbian people in kosovo to join various institutions in kosovo and make contributions to kosovo , which is democratic and multi - ethnic blending .
barroso arrived in the capital of kosovo on the same day for a one - day visit .
earlier , barroso visited croatia and serbia and montenegro and bosnia - herzegovina .
( winter games , stimulants ) news analysis : there is a possibility that the distribution of the novel incident may not be unsettled .
dulingin , february 17 ( xinhua ) the news analysis : the distribution of the products may not be settled yet
xinhua news agency , kao ying
although italy repeatedly said that the winter olympics was uncovered during the rehearsal , athletes who were found to be using stimulants may be confronted with the temptation of jinine . however , judging from various circumstances , this situation is unlikely to happen to the main curtis of the first stimulant scandal of this winter olympics , the first stimulant of the stimulant of the russian winter sports games .
the winter games in dujuan broke the first stimulant scandal since the opening of the games on the 16th . o. aleklea was found using a drug - violation card .
the ioc announced the next day that the dispatch of algae had been out of the winter olympics , and the two women 's 15 - kilometer individual medals in the winter olympics had also been deprived of .
the international winter championships have been held on the same day , and the two - year penalty decision on the allocation of the nova race has been made .
the international olympic committee has always stipulated that athletes have been found to be using stimulants in the olympic games and will be disqualified and deprived of their qualification for the competition , but they are not subject to legal sanctions .
however , according to italian law , the carrying and using stimulants by athletes is a criminal act , and the judicial organ has the right to directly arrest and investigate the athletes who use stimulants and to defy the law by defying the law for three to three years .
last december , the ioc and the italian government , after a year of fruitless bargaining , finally reached an agreement . both sides agreed to conduct the sports games according to the italian law during the winter olympics .
with the unremitting efforts of the international olympic committee , the italian side made concessions four days before the opening of the winter olympics , promising that police would not enter the olympic village to search the venue for athletes to stay in the olympic village , but the protesters will still be subjected to investigation by the italian prosecutor 's office .
it is reported that the italian government supervises the duinness winter olympics , peter krishnan , who has handed over to the dujuan prosecutor 's office for the incident .
however , the ioc and peter kantor have not confirmed this .
the two teams of the russian winter team , anan , detoov , disclosed at noon on 17 april that alexa had left duling and returned to china .
he has been working in the world anti - doping agency for many years , chinese sports official shi kangcheng said that once a leva is sent back to china , this matter will eventually be unable to make a mess .
shi said the ioc and the italian government had been playing a positive role in the fight against stimulants at the winter olympics , even if the italian prosecutor had really got involved in this matter , it would be hard to say .
according to the old italy 's judgment on the use of stimulants by its own athletes , the maximum penalty for the inmates is nothing but a two year imprisonment suspended for two years and a curve for execution of mitigation .
therefore , pesa senior reporter pierre , who is a senior reporter of the italian luftha news agency , said that it is very difficult to make a mess in the prison , and that the most likely amount is a fine .
pierre also said that although the italian court could be held in a absence of trial , the italian police could not possibly have sent algae to foreign countries to take the sentence back .
if algae refused to accept the verdict , the italian side would have no way to take her .
news roundup : new epidemic site continues to occur in countries around the world
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a special group to help the country 's bird flu - hit areas , said a xinhua news agency report .
the world health organization confirmed on the 17th that three bird flu - infected birds have been found in egypt .
in europe , france also discovered for the first time the five - type bird flu virus , while european countries were highly vigilant and strengthened prevention measures .
the world health organization ( who ) 's east mediterranean region advisor , hassan , told the press on the 17th that the current bird flu outbreak in cairo in central egypt , cairo in central egypt , and the three southern areas of minya , minya , has discovered the dead birds infected with the virus of 5pyramid , and relevant egyptian government departments have already started killing poultry suspected of being infected with bird flu .
the expert pointed out that egypt is the important channel for migratory birds from the middle east and northern africa , and it is very likely that migratory birds will carry the avian flu virus into china .
egypt has announced the ban on importing live poultry from abroad and stepped up quarantine at border ports .
the cameroon - grown chicken farm in the capital of jaunde had left more than 800 chickens in the past week .
cameron has decided to suspend the import of all poultry and pork from nigeria , which has been infected with the bird flu epidemic , and suspend trade of poultry and related products on all markets along the border of the two countries .
the government has also set up a comprehensive network of monitoring networks for the epidemic within a short period of time , and the basque center and national veterinary laboratory are in an emergency await state , so that they can carry out laboratory tests on the entire h5k1 virus at any time .
in europe , denmark and sweden , the preliminary elimination of the epidemic was initially eliminated on the 17th .
the veterinary institute of sweden released a report on the test results of dead swan discovered on wednesday , indicating that swedish swan had not infected the avian flu virus .
the preliminary test results of the denmark national veterinary administration also showed that 30 dead swans were not infected with the avian flu virus .
however , the agriculture department said denmark could not take it lightly .
the number of bird flu cases has been reported in romania , eastern europe this year , and world health organization experts said in bucharest on the 17th that bird flu has been found almost everywhere in the danube delta region and that it must be taken seriously into consideration . romania may be constantly under the threat of bird flu in the next three or five years .
in bangladesh , the government has taken all necessary measures to prevent the disease .
the government livestock services bureau ( cmb ) has provided the relevant officials with books on bird flu prevention and has also organized training for poultry rearing personnel .
( newspaper clippings ) china 's first blood information management system completed in zhejiang province
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the first blood sharing data management and control network of china 's first blood information data management and control network was officially completed and put into operation recently .
a relevant responsible person of the zhejiang blood center said : this means that any citizen will be able to collect blood samples and donations from any county ( city ) in zhejiang province in the future for donation , and there will be a single - line record of blood . when he once again makes blood donations , as long as he input the relevant replacement record , the information blood release record , the blood release record , and the blood release record of the blood release record , which will soon be shown
the responsible person further explained that if the relevant code records are imported , the system will show the insolvency - the blood - insolvency - is not up to the present time - honored period , and the material will not be in line with the condition of blood donation .
this will not only protect the health of the donors themselves , but also protect the health and safety of the blood users .
in addition , blood donors and their families are given priority to use blood when the blood is strained , so long as you import the effective identification of the donors , you can immediately show the message of the blood donors , which is quite convenient .
according to a report by hangzhou 's " today morning post , " at present , this information system has been put into use in all 36 blood collecting and supply organs across the province . the blood resources of all blood supplying organizations in the province can also be seen real time and data sharing across the province has been shared .
in order to prevent the recurrence of an emergency evacuation of 11 villages in the philippines
manila , february 18 ( xinhua ) the philippine government has decided to set up a new town in 11 villages in eastern philippines to prevent the recurrence of similar landslides , local officials said on friday .
south african officials , robert lyerreys , said on the same day that these villages had close ties with villages that had witnessed a landslide on the 17th , and they had similar characteristics in the same region .
the 11 villages that were withdrawn will be placed in seven withdrawing centers .
lyas said : the government yesterday ordered the withdrawal of residents and today sent people to inspect these villages because some people do not want to leave their homes .
the 17 th incident of landslides occurred at the saint bell town in the southern part of saint bell province . from the television picture , soil and stone were buried in the entire village , and only a few roofs were seen .
due to the high degree of accuracy and modus dirty , people who were buried under the mire could survive very insignificant .
there are now 109 deaths , and 57 others have been rescued .
according to estimates , the number of deaths caused by the accident may reach 1,800 .
fujian governor on overseas chinese , fujian , fujian , june 1 chinese exports in southern fujian province grew 35.2 percent over the same period last year
fuzhou , february 19 ( xinhua ) the state administration of foreign trade and economic cooperation ( moftec ) announced today that the country 's export of goods and services in january was growing at a high speed .
according to customs statistics , in january , quanzhou realized 330 - million us dollars in exports , and scored the best record in history , increasing 35.2 percent over the same period last year , higher than the average growth level of the entire province .
according to the analysis of the quanzhou city foreign economic and trade bureau , the reason for quanzhou 's rapid growth in foreign trade in january was mainly due to the high - speed growth of enterprise export enthusiasm , active economic operations , enhanced enterprise management confidence , and a highly efficient and unimpeded foreign trade development environment in quanzhou .
