the chinese government has been making a series of efforts to help the nepalese government to protect the security of the chinese embassy .
london , april 6 , 2007
the daily times in london pointed out that two dietary diehard princess diana 's letter of inquiry on the death of the paris in 1997 was put on the computer by the former chief of the police .
the report pointed out that the theft caused speculation among people , and the computer might have hidden a large - scale computer , a " stake " by the former chief of the police , sir stevens .
however , a metropolitan police spokesman said that the computer had no sensitive information on the computer or had any contact with the investigation .
stevens is the chairman of the noanna security agency of the united kingdom , and his office is located in the area of the new hamburg of the thai river .
the report said that the noanne police agency had been working for a long time in the past 10 days to investigate two theft cases .
a robbery case occurred in the weekend between 28 and 29 january , including computer and cash were taken away , and the second case occurred last week , no loss was ever .
the nobel security bureau also said that there is no evidence that the two theft cases and sir steven 's work are related .
stevens has been trying to trace the death of princess wales because of the accident .
the royal autopsy , bryce , ordered in 2004 to continue to trace the relevant evidence .
the princess diana was born in a paris tunnel on august 31 , 1997 when she was killed and with her at that time , there were her wife , fayer , and the driver .
after two years of investigation , the french police believed that the driver was driven by drink driving and after taking drugs , resulting in the loss of control of the vehicle .
the sri lankan warring parties agreed to hold talks in geneva in late july
afp , lun langpo , 7 th .
the interstate peace process norway said that the sri lankan war group agreed to launch negotiations in geneva on 22 may to defuse the efforts of all parties to end the decades - long race bloody conflict , but it has been still in the three - year talks .
norwegian peace envoy saham held talks with tanzania 's liberation tiger negotiator barzan sassan in london , and the meeting was a breakthrough .
the norwegian embassy in beijing said in a statement that the clashes in sri lanka were all built , that is , the sri lankan government and the tiger group of the liberation of tanzania requested the government to assist in holding negotiations in geneva on february 22 , two days on february 23 .
the two - day talks will focus on how to strengthen the negotiations on the cease - fire agreement to be signed on 23 february 2002 , and this agreement has not been fully observed by both sides .
the norwegian embassy pointed out that the two sides will discuss how to improve the cease - fire agreement , which is also the first time that the two sides have held face - to - face talks at such a high level in three years .
saham said that he will lead the norwegian team to participate in the negotiations , and the four representatives of the tanzanian liberation tiger group led by barzan , while the sri lankan government will be led by the minister of health .
he said that this trip was a major step toward peace , but it was important step forward , and the process of negotiations was expected to be difficult .
the resolution of the racial conflict in sri lanka was a result of the first round of talks held in japan in march 2003 , but the tiger of tanino liberation cancelled the original plan to hold the seventh round of talks in thailand in april 2003 .
the duolin winter olympics opened in south korea , south korea , and south korea .
afp , the capital of italy , dalikh , 10 th .
the 20 th winter olympic games opened in duolin today , during which the two koreas and north korea , each each side , each other as enemies during the cold war period , and the two delegations jointly entered the ceremony .
south korean woman 's skating skating competitor lee po - la and north korean man 's skating skating competitor han zheng - jen were the head of the national team of the two countries , leading the south korean team to enter the winter olympics arena .
this is the first time that the south korean olympic team and north korea have joined hands in the winter olympics .
to reflect the recent years of good relations between the two sides , the snowy summer olympic games in sydney and the 2004 summer olympics in athens , south korea and north korea 's representative teams both entered the meeting .
north korea has not participated in the joint military exercise held in salim lake city , the united states .
the korean peninsula was split into a state of the south and the north koreans who practiced capitalism in 1948 . the two sides had a mutual hostility during the korean war period from 1950 to 1953 .
the leader of south korea , held a peace summit in 2000 , and the relations between the two sides became better .
the greek team is the first to be admitted and will be the first to compete in 80 countries .
the landlord national assembly team is the last country to be admitted , and when the yi - li team is in the arena , the audience immediately sounded a warm welcome and applauses .
hollman had once been indulged in drugs , luckily , to awaken the good of starting the performing arts .
new york , march 16 , 2007
the most commonly recognized thing is that the united states is most eager to win the olympic games in osaka , the movie in the roman cozy , the male main player in the white house , the lippo - cholesterman , revealing that he is unable to extricate himself from drugs and alcohol when he is rarely a year , and that he is fortunate to be able to successfully erasing his own performance .
hefman told cbs news magazine that he had a 40 - minute tour in the us columbia broadcast company , but he said that during that period , in order to get drugs and alcohol , he was really unscrupulous .
he was only 20 years old and was just a student from the department of opera of the university of new york , and he entered a society of five colors and all the time he was walking fast , and finally he was unconscious and lost control .
he was 22 years old and was admitted to the ehc , where he had cut off the habit of drunk and drug , and that was the most panic period in his life .
the upcoming summit of the european union ( eu ) will be held next month .
prior to this , his superb performance was affirmed and had won many prizes .
the 38 - year - old actor said during the interview that if he had not made a strong determination before he was born , he could not be able to win the nomination .
he said he envied those young people who were born in 19th and suddenly became famous for many gold .
four people died in the wake of the bird flu in europe and the feeling of the libyan people .
brussels , march 16 , 2007
the number of cases of avian influenza has continued to rise in europe , causing panic among the people .
eu executive committee approves new draft plan for control of areas of diarrhea , which includes all areas of virus - infected countries under management , and prohibiting all biological transactions of poultry .
the african countries are also facing a series of new cases of polio , which are the most important of the world 's most important and most important , after the outbreak of the deadly virus in nigeria eight days .
egypt is investigating a new case of bird flu in a farm in the south , which is suspected of having continued transmission .
the european markets for chickens and meat are affected by the virus , a big decline , and the eu executive committee stressed that there is indeed no reason for panic .
the executive committee is responsible for the health and food safety executive committee , mr billy , said that the public 's concern about this matter could be understood , but it is not necessary to react too overly .
the virus has been found in the three - kilometer area surrounding the virus and the 10 - kilometer alert zone stipulated in the previous regulations , and the eu executive committee has also issued new regulations to include all the eurozone where the virus is found in the virus in the bud zone .
a woman who declined to be named pointed out that everyone was very nervous and they went to the european union to handle the trade images of goods from all parts of europe .
so far , the european region has a total of over 350 countries , including austria , peru , germany , italy , italy , and ukraine , which are in europe , all have a presence of 583 viruses , almost all of them in the country .
romania found on 16 th the first case of the disease in romania , the austrian pangen and germany 's luodong island also found new cases .
the southern italy is the second largest of the two ducks found bird flu virus in the european region , outside the first wild geese in the european region .
the eu officials are most worried about the possibility of the upcoming entry of migratory birds from africa .
the nigerian government is stepping up its efforts to prevent the spread of the virus to humans on the african continent .
the government of nigeria announced that all poultry farms near the infected farm are operating within five kilometers . no matter whether they are threatened by the virus , they are all destroyed .
the government of neighboring countries , niger , announced that the country had entered a state of alert and allocated four million us dollars to monitor the border between nigeria and nigeria .
the new national emergency committee , which was set up , said that they received a report that the border of maria , which is scattered in the two countries ' security , had nearly 400 birds of death .
the china electronic banking business management regulations will be implemented on 1 march .
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will continue to promote the development of the country 's banking industry , according to a report issued by the china banking regulatory commission on tuesday by the china banking regulatory commission ( cbrc ) on the implementation of the " regulations on the management of electronic banking business " and the " guidelines on the evaluation of the security of electronic banks " issued by the china banking regulatory commission on tuesday .
a spokesman for the china banking regulatory commission said that according to the provisions of the management measures , the procedures for approving foreign - funded financial institutions have basically remained unchanged , that is , after foreign banks are allowed to operate online banking business , if new internet banking business species are to be added , the main report of the branch in china should be submitted to the bank for unified examination .
to standardize the business operation of commercial banks using the internet , the people 's bank of china formulated and promulgated the " interim procedures on internet banking business management " in june 2001 .
a spokesman for the china banking regulatory commission said that with the constant development of the business of the commercial bank 's electronic banking industry , the interim procedures cannot meet the requirements of the electronic banking risk supervision , and the china banking regulatory commission has formulated two new regulations for this purpose .
according to a briefing by the china banking regulatory commission , the cbrc has confirmed the quality of its safety assessment organizations , and the administrative licensing system , which is different from the nature of industrial access or enterprise access , is not the only necessary condition for the evaluation organs to conduct electronic banking security assessment business , and is only a reference for financial institutions to choose the assessment institutions .
as long as the safety assessment organization meets the relevant requirements and requirements , it will not be able to guarantee the safety of the financial institutions if it does not have the qualification to be determined by the cbrc , the financial institutions may also employ them to conduct an electronic banking security assessment , but they should manage according to the relevant regulations .
the " procedures on the management of the electronic banking business " consists of nine chapters , and the general principles enacted for the change of the vertical management data exchange and transfer of management business , and the management of cross - border business activities , such as the supervision of the law , responsibility , and supplementary provisions of the law , among others .
the " electronic banking security assessment guidelines " contains five chapters and 57 articles , which are divided into four sections , namely , the safety evaluation institution , the safety evaluation institution , the implementation of the safety assessment , and the management and supplementary contents of the activities .
the book " mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , chen yun , " published
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the " mao zedong , zhou enlai , zhu de , deng xiaoping " , compiled by the central party literature research center , recently published by the central party literature publishing house .
conducting investigation and study in a deep - going way , and persisting in integrating theory with practice , so that the formulation and implementation of the line , principles , and policies will be the basic experience and basic work methods of the cpc in leading revolution and construction .
mao zedong , zhou enlai , chen shui - bian , zhu de , deng xiaoping , chen yun , and other revolutionaries of the older generation , have published many important and penetrating expositions on the issue of investigation and study , and they have also frequently gone deep into the grass - roots units to conduct social investigations and wrote many investigation reports .
the practice and achievements of their investigation and study are of great significance to guiding the cause of the party and the people to develop along the correct road .
the book " mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , chen yun , " is divided into three parts : the first part is mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation who had written comments on investigation and study , and the second part was the epitome of mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation on the study of the speech . the third part was the three investigation groups of the mao zedong faction and liu shaoqi ,
most of the reports were published for the first time .
in addition , two documents on the first 50 years of the last century , the central leaders , will carry out investigations and studies .
russia reiterates its adherence to the one - china policy
moscow , february 6 ( xinhua ) russian deputy foreign minister alekseyev met with chinese ambassador to russia liu guchang on the 6th , reiterating that russia adheres to the one - china stance .
alekseyev said that russia has noticed that chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence have been unavoidable .
the russian government has always adhered to the one - china principle and firmly supported china 's efforts to realize the great cause of national reunification .
last year , the npc passed the " anti - secession law " , and russia took the lead in openly expressing its support .
alekseyev said that the russian foreign ministry will issue a statement as soon as possible to reiterate the one - china stand and oppose taiwan independence .
china , japan to strengthen cooperation in anti - terrorism , anti - china , anti - china war
xinhua news agency , johannesburg , february 6 ( reporter chen ming ) lin yixing , a native of fuqing , fujian province , was arrested in a bar run by local armed elements in his bar in south africa in the early hours of the morning of 5 february , and the death of the man was null and nulin hospital in the south african capital of burundi in the early hours of the morning of the 6th .
according to a report by feng yang , president of the federation of chinese people in the free states , the incident occurred in the city of wellington , a bar of over 130 kilometers northwest of the burundian area .
at that time , the owner of the shop , lin yixing , picked up the articles inside the bar station and was preparing to end the day 's business .
there are three customers in the shop , one of them pulled out of the gun and charged into the station , carrying out robbery .
the 40 - year - old lin yixing struggled with the scoundrels , and the scoundrels fired a shot at lin yixing , and fled afterwards .
the person who heard the news told him that the local people sent lin yixing to the hospital for treatment . because lin yixing 's body was in a state of blood , the blood spreads in the heart of the body was not stagnated , and it was about 3:30 a. m . on 6 february , at around 3:30 a. m .
on 6 february , the chinese consulate general in jordan , xu defu , a consul general of the chinese consulate general , and lin changming , vice president of the association of the chinese mainland and fujian fellow of south africa , rushed to burundian fangdan to assist the family members of the deceased in handling the aftermath of the incident .
lin yixing became the first man who was hijacked in 36 hours and also the third chinese to be killed in south africa since the beginning of this year .
( newspaper clippings ) shanghai : part - time personnel and college graduates become the main force of an hour
beijing , february 7 ( xinhua ) the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau issued the latest annual wage survey for 2006 , with a total of 120 posts , up from 11 to 10 , and the former post was very popular , with the result that the previous position was rising .
according to a report by a relevant expert from the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau , currently , more than 1 million employees in shanghai are employed in an hour .
according to a report by the " china youth daily , " graduates and part - time personnel of colleges and universities are the major component of the hour working force .
through the study of nearly 8,000 hours of work , more than half of the staff members are part - time personnel , with a proportion reaching 51.110 percent .
the cultural level of part - time workers is generally higher , mainly for technical and technical work , such as translation and post , as well as part - time staff , up to 81.77 percent , and the fitness category has reached 6166 percent .
the high income is the result of many people engaging in an hour and part - time job .
it is understood that the monthly income of individual posts can reach tens of thousands of yuan , and it will also be hard to ask for another job , just like the translation of an example , the monthly income of an hour of work can reach more than 2,000 yuan , such as married siyi , who holds part - time financial work .
to meet the needs of individuals and to expand their knowledge is also a favorite part - time job .
for example , when a enterprise is the manager of the human resources department , he will take a few hours a week to handle the financial accounts of a foreign - funded representative office .
mr koo considered that the greatest benefit from part - time jobs was to keep our knowledge updated and to have opportunities to involve another field , of course , the income of 2000 yuan per month also had some induction .
as some of the hours of employment are low , the working style is flexible and free , and many graduates are gradually favored by job - seekers , and 14-3 percent of them are graduates of the secondary and tertiary industries .
i started to do n't want to do an hour work , but i did a few months later , i felt that it was better to go to work on the fifth day of the ninth dprk .
after graduating from the university , huang , he found out the job that he did not finish enough . finally , he hung a famous name in a guesthouse and used piano to play music with the background of the piano .
the work i am very satisfied with now , and the work of the environment is good for one hour and 100 yuan . what i want to do now is to find more hours to work .
it is learned that an hour work has become a number of graduates working experience in accumulating work experience and working skills to improve communication skills and to increase social experience .
the graduates are working hours mainly in knowledge and skills , and they are mostly in the relatively strong sense of knowledge and skills , such as the professional translation and the age - oriented performing positions , with a proportion of 22.1 % and 26.8 % respectively .
the number of jobs in the workforce is not high , such as food promotion trade workers , sales brokers , and others , and the unemployed can be employed through simple training .
the data show that among employees in an hour , the proportion of those who were unemployed reached 399.0 percent , among which the proportion of unemployed in the retail sector was as high as 68.4 percent , the proportion of food and beverages was 58.77 percent , and an hour of employment became an important channel for unemployed personnel to work .
wu bangguo inspects anhui , stresses work
beijing , february 8 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will continue to promote the development of the economy and the economy , and will continue to promote the development of the economy and the economy , wu bangguo , chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) , stressed during a recent inspection tour of anhui province .
from 6 to 8 february , wu bangguo went to wushan , ma on shan , wuhu , and other places to go deep into the research institutes of enterprises in rural areas and the colleges and universities in rural areas to inspect the work .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui has the advantage of linking the east to the west and the south , and is an important agricultural region in china . it has abundant natural resources , a fairly good industrial foundation , a fairly strong scientific and technological strength , an exceptionally strong cultural tourist resources , and a tremendous potential for development .
anhui should firmly grasp the key to promoting the rise of the central region , always adhere to the central task of economic construction without wavering , conscientiously implement the central authorities ' principles and policies in light of the actual situation in anhui , carry out work in a creative manner , and implement the scientific development concept in concrete measures and in practical work .
we should sum up practical experience in a timely manner , fully rely on the masses of the people , vigorously support reform and innovation , and constantly open up a new situation in anhui work .
we should actively promote the building of a harmonious society , persist in properly maintaining the development of the fundamental interests of the overwhelming majority of the people as the starting point and the end result of all our work , actively create conditions , and gradually resolve the practical problems of the masses , gradually adjust the distribution relationship , gradually change the urban - rural dual structure , gradually narrow the gap between the urban and rural areas , safeguard and realize social fairness , and enable all the people to share the fruits of reform and development
wu bangguo stressed : china has reached the stage of development that it is necessary to rely more on enhancing the capability of independent innovation and improving the quality of laborers to promote economic and social development . only by vigorously promoting scientific and technological progress and innovation can we achieve a leap in the quality of productive forces and push economic and social development onto the track of scientific development .
it is necessary to establish and improve systems and mechanisms that are conducive to innovation , increase scientific and technological input , encourage inventions in patents , develop famous brands , speed up the transformation of scientific and technological achievements into practical productive forces , strengthen enterprises ' status as the mainstay in independent innovation , and constantly raise the contribution rate of scientific and technological progress to economic growth .
we should support and encourage the participation of key technological elements in distribution , establish and improve a system of statistical indicators that can reflect our own innovative capability , study and formulate policies for supporting independent innovation in financial and government procurement , and form a policy system that encourages independent innovation .
it is necessary to cultivate a sense of innovation in the whole society , vigorously promote the spirit of daring to innovate and compete with one another , and strive to create a good atmosphere for talent coming from generation to generation .
wu bangguo pointed out : the npc has made great achievements in the process of building a socialist country ruled by law in the process of administering the country according to law .
to do a good job in the work of people 's congresses under the new situation , first , it is necessary to adhere to the correct political orientation , unswervingly follow the road of socialist political development with chinese characteristics , and organically integrate upholding the party 's leadership with governing the country according to law .
second , we should closely focus on the overall situation of the work of the party and the state , closely focus on major issues in reform , development , and stability , carry out work closely around the hot and difficult issues of common concern to the masses of people , and constantly enhance the practical results of the work of the people 's congress .
third , it is necessary to give play to the characteristics and advantages of the work of people 's congresses , persist in democratic centralism , act according to the law strictly , and make collective decisions on problems .
we must adhere to the mass line , take people as the foundation , exercise power for the people , be concerned for the people , and work for the people .
china 's proposal on major scientific research projects for the next 15 years
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a " national defense education system " to enhance china 's international competitiveness , vigorously promote sustainable development , and realize a major leap forward , the state council announced on the 9 th .
the four major scientific plans are the research of protein , the control of the body , and research on the nandy study and the development and reproductive research .
the program pointed out that protein science is the most important life science for the developed countries to compete in heated contention .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on studying the reshuffle of important biology groups , study of white protein , and study of the structure of biology , the function of white biology , and the interactive protein - based biology and system biology , protein research methods and relevant applied basic research .
the outline also holds that the research on quantum regulation and control is obviously forward - looking and may have a positive impact on human social and economic development in 20-30 years .
china should focus on studying the carrier and regulation and control principles and methods of quantum communications , calculate the number of new quantum effects , the limit of measurement control and measurement , the new principles and new technological bases for measurement .
in addition , the outline pointed out that nanometric technology has become a strategic choice for many countries to enhance their core competitiveness , and is also one of the fields that china can expect to achieve leap - style development .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on the research of nanotechnology , including the control of the nanotechnology materials , the automation and functions of the system , and the development of the new technology of the new technology , the nanny - based medical science , the nanotechnology standards , and the application of nanometer materials and nanometric technology in the field of energy environment , such as the application of environmental information .
china 's population growth is large , there are many defects in birth , serious shortage of organs for transplant , and the peak of aging is about to arrive . therefore , it is urgently necessary to make breakthroughs in the theory of reproductive and development and to make technological innovations .
according to the outline , the chinese government will focus on studying the issue of multiplication and control , the new situation of maturity and proficiency of the reproductive cells , the decline of the human reproductive functions and the mortality of the mortality of the mortality of the stem , and the safety and ethics of the supporting reproductive and stem cells technology .
last year , the housing price increase in shanghai dropped by nearly 7 percentage points .
shanghai , february 9 ( xinhua ) the shanghai municipal government will invest more than $ 1 billion in the overall regulation and control policies for the real estate industry in 2005 , according to the report .
according to the latest data released , last year , the shanghai real estate industry 's various indicators dropped or slowed down .
of the total , the price increase of residential housing dropped 6.6 percent from the previous year , while the added value of the real estate industry dropped 4.1 percent from the previous year .
the shanghai municipal bureau of statistics , which is the first of its kind in the year 2005 , will be sold at an average price of 66698 yuan per square meter , up 313 yuan over 2004 .
the annual price of residential housing rose 9.22 percent over the previous year , with an increase of 6.6 percentage points over the same period last year .
the annual added value of the real estate industry was 67.023 - billion yuan , a decline of 4.1 percent from the previous year .
in the outstanding amount of loans by financial institutions , the outstanding amount of personal housing loans was 26.494 - billion yuan , and the new amount was only 9.84 - billion yuan in the same year , while the new amount of loans in 2004 reached 78.09 - billion yuan .
pan jianxin said : from the perspective of the sale price of real estate in shanghai for the whole year , the price of commercial housing has dropped steadily .
the statistics also showed that according to the latest data , in 2005 , shanghai 's real estate prices dropped somewhat , with average selling price of residential housing at 66698 yuan / square meters , up 313 yuan from 2004 .
in 2005 , the price level of housing was 9.79 percent higher than that of the previous year , and the rate of increase was 6.2 percentage points lower than that of the previous year .
he said : last year , shanghai completed investment in real estate development in the entire municipality of shanghai , with a total investment of 124.66 - billion yuan , up 6.11 percent from the previous year .
the sales area was 3158.87 million square meters , down 9.55 percent .
the annual sales of commercial housing reached 216,133 billion yuan , a drop of 4.55 percent over the previous year .
two light aircraft collided in new zealand
xinhua news agency , wellington , february 9 , two new zealand light aircraft crashed in a building about 100 kilometers north of wellington , capital of east china 's capital , on the 9th , killing two crew members of the flight school .
according to a relevant responsible person of the civil aviation department , the pilots on the two aircraft were all the pilots of the institute of flying at maxi university . they were still undergoing training and had not yet obtained their flying license .
at the time of the incident , the two planes were in an non - air control zone . according to regulations , the pilot should cope with the navigation and security situation of the aircraft during such a flight in such a zone .
a man was found dead in a blast at the scene of the accident , told the new zealand media that he heard a huge explosion and saw the plane plunged into the ground immediately .
another eyewitnesses also confirmed that before the plane crashed , they heard a huge explosion and saw the crew crashed .
the cause of the collision is still unclear , and the local civil aviation department will conduct an investigation into this .
china , argentina sign agreement on anti - china policy beijing , june 8 ( xinhua ) the chinese people 's political consultative conference ( cppcc ) here today expressed strong condemnation for chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence .
xinhua news agency , buenos aires , february 8 ( reporter cao yu ) - a delegation of the argentine peace and reunification association of china , founded by overseas chinese residing in argentina , issued a solemn statement on 8 february strongly condemning chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence in a bid to separate taiwan from china .
the statement said that chen shui - bian 's speech on 29 january claimed that he would abolish the national unification council and the national unification guidelines , and that he would make another step toward taiwan independence .
compatriots on both sides of the strait are expecting peace and taiwan compatriots seek peace and stability and go all out to seek development . they will face severe challenges .
the statement pointed out that resolutely opposing and containing the separatist activities of taiwan independence , safeguarding peace and stability in the taiwan strait region , and still the most pressing task for the compatriots on both sides of the strait and the chinese people in the world at present .
the statement stressed that the argentine council for promoting peaceful reunification is willing to join all the overseas chinese and chinese people of chinese origin living in argentina who support the one - china principle , resolutely oppose any form of taiwan independence , and actively promote china 's peaceful reunification .
chinese expert : us preaching china military threat unjustifiably accusations
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will continue to promote the development of the us economy , the defense department of the united states , the defense department of the united states , and the us defense department , the report on the four - year defense review , which was recently submitted to the congress for the first time , said that china is the most likely country to challenge the us military .
experts believe that this is a major test of china 's normal national defense construction , which exaggerates the military threat from china , and is interference in china 's internal affairs .
the " report on the four - year defense assessment " is a new document for the defense guidance of the pentagon .
the 92 - page report used three sections to describe the issue of china 's military strength and the way the united states should take to respond , and the report directly mentioned the issue of china 's great debate on the two parts of the country , saying that the united states , as a major and emerging power , is most capable of competing with the united states in military competition , and that china is very likely to develop a destructive military technology and break the traditional military superiority of the united states in
professor xu shiquan , research fellow of the department of world military studies under the chinese academy of military sciences , said that although senior us officials have expressed similar viewpoints on many occasions , this is the first time that the united states has proposed in its national defense strategy report that china is the emerging power that may most likely pose a military challenge to the united states .
the first time the report clearly defines russia 's military strategy , which is a new strategic opponent , especially its military threat against china .
professor peng guangqian , research fellow of the chinese academy of military sciences ,
what merits attention is that in the " four - year defense assessment report , " the united states president bush also submitted a bill to congress on the government budget for fiscal 2007 , including a defense budget of $ 439.3 - billion .
if you add to the fact that the military operations in iraq and afghanistan are added to , the us defense budget for fiscal 2007 will exceed $ 500 - billion , creating a record high , pang kui - qian said that this is almost the same as military spending in all other countries in the world .
peng guangqian held that the united states has fabricated the threat of other countries by using the method of intervening to reflect the consistent style of the pentagon in creating enemies . its real purpose is to win more defense expenditures and to make more profits for the us munitions industrial group .
experts say that the united states ' huge military spending is more than $ 1 billion .
he has been involved in the research of military experts , including the military experts , who had participated in the chinese national defense white paper many times , since the beginning of the 1990 's , with economic development and the increase in china 's national defense spending , the proportion of national financial expenditures in the same period has shown a trend of decline .
official data show that the year 2004 is more than the same period in 1979 , and china 's national defense expenditures account for nearly 10 percentage points of the national financial expenditure .
china 's defense expenditures for 2005 were 244.656 - billion yuan , only about one - third of the united states , and the per capita military expenditure of the people is only about 1 / 60 of the united states , and the per capita military expenditure of the military is about 1 / 30 of the us military .
the us land area and china 's territory are roughly equal to that of the united states , but the difference in military expenditure is so huge , and in the end , who is the military strength going beyond the proper defense needs is something unworthy of saying .
peng guangqian said :
china arms control and disarmament association research director teng jianqun said that the us side should objectively assess china 's military construction and that china 's peaceful development does not mean that the future of china and the united states will become rivals .
the " 2004 china 's national defense " white paper says that china firmly follows the road of peaceful development and practices a defensive national defense policy .
china has never been able to do anything in the past and will not pose a threat to any country in the future .
so far , china has not established military bases in any other country , nor has it sent a military force to other countries , while the united states has more than 100 military bases overseas , only in asia , more than 100,000 people have been deployed .
professor li yafei of the institute of international relations of beijing university said : china and the united states should increase communication and exchanges through the established channels , enhance mutual understanding and trust , comprehensively promote the constructive and cooperative relations between china and the united states in the new century , and jointly promote world peace and development .
( winter olympics games ) the olympic games opening ceremony of the winter olympics will be excited .
xinhua news agency , dushin , february 9 ( reporter ding ying yan tao ) the opening ceremony of the 20th winter olympics will be held at the duhin olympic games hall at 8 : 00 p.m . local time on the evening of the 10th .
on 9 may , the preparatory committee of the duhausan olympics organizing committee disclosed to reporters the brilliant arrangements of the opening ceremony .
with regard to the opening ceremony , kistienani , chairman of the organizing committee , said that the opening ceremony will cost more than 10 - million euros and bring together top talent from all sides .
he said : the evening of 10 july will make people unforgettable . at the time , 350,000 viewers in the meeting hall and about 2 - billion television viewers around the world will see the opening ceremony full of passion for success .
the flames of the intense emotion of the flames , the brilliant five ring peace parades , and the high - snowfall and dairy cows of the alps will appear at the opening ceremony , the director said that the emotional tie and the italian - style talent will become the theme of the opening ceremony and the biggest winter olympics in history . he will show people 's long history and culture to the italian people .
the famous italian designer amini specially designed a clothing for the opening ceremony , and the famous italian fashion brand , mo siknoo , will provide a courtesy to the participants of the games .
however , the famous italian male voice parvaile will appear at the opening ceremony . it is not until the organizing committee will keep the suspense in the end .
eight people who can spray flames and can be seen to be using three meters long flames to show the flames of the flames of the flames , they will use 70 km to shuttle in the field many times .
officials of the organizing committee held that this was the most successful creation in their opening performance .
on how to lighten the torch , the organizing committee did not reveal it ahead of schedule , but the main torch relay , which is 57 meters , will be as bright as the residents in the nearby alps .
white house announces bush 's plan to visit pakistan and india in march
washington , february 9 ( xinhua ) the united states and the united states have agreed to increase their military spending to the next five years , a white house spokesman said here on wednesday , although the cartoon incident of blasphemy and islamic prejudice has triggered a strong protest in the islamic world , president bush will still visit pakistan and india in march according to plan .
mcclellan said that bush is looking forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he also said that he is making a arrangement for this visit .
mcclellan made the remarks at a press conference held in some areas of pakistan to protest against the killing of islamic preachers , who knew mohammed .
in january this year , bush met with pakistani prime minister aziz at the white house , and both sides expressed the need to strengthen friendly cooperation to jointly crack down on terrorism that endangers the security of the two countries .
bush also said that at the invitation of the pakistani and indian governments , he will pay a state visit to pakistan and india in march .
china , hamas to form cabinet to seek breakthrough
xinhua news agency , ramallah , february 9 ( observation ) hamas formed a cabinet to seek breakthroughs
xinhua news agency reporter wang hao and huang ju
the palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) won a victory in the legislative council election , how to smear the new government blueprint into the focus of attention in the world today .
what kind of new policy will hamas pursue directly affect the peace process and the relevant parties will follow their corresponding policy direction in the next step .
at the same time , the us and israel have adopted a boycott attitude , which has added variables to the prospects of the hamas government .
at present , the palestinian parties are stepping up their consultations to discuss the issues of future development in the cabinet , as well as the sensitive points that involve the development of the situation in the future .
the premier 's position is a blank and a family .
hamas has been in power after it has won the cabinet , some people in the outside are worried that hamas 's next presidential election may be a difference between the current supreme leader abbas .
moreover , the egyptian - israeli conflict has not been resolved , hamas leader mahmoud al-mahmoud said , adding that the new palestinian government formed by hamas has not recognized israel , and this hard - line signal has also intensified international concerns .
the united states and israel have clearly indicated that they will not accept a hamas government that has the real power , and this will threaten to halt economic aid to palestine and hand over taxes to palestine .
however , this does not obstruct hamas in making flexible strategic adjustments , in selecting an independent person , it is a policy decision .
it is reported that in order to obtain the greatest international approval , a few days ago , hamas and domestic and international leaders of egypt decided to elect an independent chairman of the board of directors of the islamic university of saudi arabia , jayakari , to be the new prime minister .
this move has not yet received any response from the relevant parties .
palestinian analysts , hussein , said that no matter who will be the prime minister 's post , the most crucial thing is that the candidate should try as much as possible to play down hamas 's hardline style , so that the success of the cabinet can be guaranteed .
the power of the state should be distributed .
within the party , the pressure facing the cabinet of hamas is the lack of sufficient experience in governance .
the palestinian newspaper " shih - pao " analyzed that hamas , through social welfare projects , has gathered people 's minds , but it lacks experience in governance and has a close relationship with the palestinian national liberation movement ( fatah ) , which has the experience of governance .
after the election , hamas proposed establishing a political partner with fatah and jointly establishing a national coalition government , but fatah has not given a positive response to this day .
the current internal debate within fatah is not the same as that of the new government , and the one faction advocates participation in the new government , and the other party refuses hamas 's invitation , and is willing to make a positive opposition party at the legislative council .
the informed source pointed out that under the persuasion of abbas , fatah is gradually inclined to join the new government .
even so , hamas and fatah will also hold talks on the distribution of cabinet posts .
another way is to establish a legislative committee framework and to get rid of the party - affiliated cabinet .
it is reported that hamas also designed a clean - up expert - type government , but it is uncertain about the specific list .
in view of the attitude of the united states and israel , the technology - based government cannot be regarded as a form of cabinet that reduces external pressure .
according to the provisions of the palestinian basic law , the new legislative council will nominate the prime minister and form the cabinet after the new legislative committee is inaugurated on 16 february .
the armed forces should be the first to decide on what course to follow .
the weapons in the hands of hamas are another thorny issue facing the new government .
the attitude of the united states and israel is very tough , and it is firmly demanding that hamas give up violence and reject it to hold political power with guns .
hamas leader mahmoud on 9 may stressed that armed resistance was a strategic choice of the organization .
the armed issue actually includes the legality of weapons and the ownership of armed forces .
hamas , through democratic and free means , was elected the first largest party in the legislative council , and the party was recognized by the international community , so that the armed factions of hamas under its jurisdiction are legalizing their efforts to bring them to the government 's security organs .
hamas once proposed to bring all factions into line with armed forces of the palestinian national authority , but it did not receive a wide response , and it was also strongly opposed by the islamic holy war organization ( jade ) of palestine .
palestine now has 60,000 security personnel , and the overwhelming majority of them come from the fatah camp .
in addition , fatah also has some loose - fated subordinate factions , such as the al-aqsa martyrs brigade , the fatah hawk , and others .
the hamas , which is responsible for forming the cabinet , must hold talks with abbas on how to manage these armed forces that have been in their own hands and rationally distribute security management powers .
according to local media reports , abbas intends to be in charge of security and intelligence units , police , and civil defense organizations , but the interior ministry of the new government is under the control of the interior ministry .
however , the parties are still holding consultations on this sensitive issue , and so far no further comment has been made .
china 's first report on polar inspection released
beijing , february 10 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will continue to promote the development of the maritime industry in the country , according to a report issued by the state oceanic administration ( soa ) here today
the " report " comprehensively reflects the situation of china 's polar scientific research activities in 2005 , which is conducted in an all - round way , such as the major progress and achievements of the polar field scientific research in china .
according to the " report , " on 9 january 2005 , at 2:15 ( beijing time ) , the china antarctic expedition team successfully arrived at the antarctic inland ice - covered plateau , the highest inland ice - covered ice - covered area in the antarctic , and decided to be the highest elevation point on 18 january at 03:15 ( beijing time ) at 03:15 ( beijing time ) .
the competition is becoming more and more intense in the international arena , and chinese people have a strong will and a dauntless spirit , and are bold in opening up new fields . first , they have launched the most influential and most successful research on the extremely cold ground in the south pole , and another dream of mankind in the antarctic .
the director of the state oceanic administration , sun zhihui , said :
the " report " shows that on 24 march 2005 , china 's 21 st antarctic expedition team returned to shanghai successfully , and the inspection lasted 151 days and the voyage was 26,500 nautical miles .
on 18 november of the same year , china 's 22 nd antarctic expedition team left shanghai to conduct scientific examination at the antarctic zhongshan station , and will leave the zhongshan station by the end of february 2006 to return to shanghai via australia .
since it was the first time china issued the polar observation report , the " china 's polar inspection report for 2005 " also made a comprehensive assessment of china 's polar exploration undertaking , which was started in the early 1980 's .
according to the " report , " in 1983 , china formally joined the " antarctic treaty " and became a member of the organization of the antarctic treaty , after one after another , the country 's council of directors of the antarctic research committee , and other most influential members of the international organization for antarctic affairs .
in 1997 , china became a member of the arctic science committee and won the highest honor and decision - making power in international affairs .
the " report " points out : over the past 20 - odd years , china 's extreme expedition has gone beyond the scope of development and has been constantly developing . the three - station has formed a boat , which is the mengfeng polo - chi - chi - chi - chi - chi - feng - 3 . that is , the south - extreme - extreme - pole - taichung station established in february 1985 , the south - to - east pole station established in february 1989
the report says that by the end of 2005 , china had organized 22 antarctic scientific expeditions to make two trips to the country , namely , the " suitcase " , which was carried by the " snow dragon " boat , to the northern pole pole pole station twice in succession . so far , more than 3,000 people have been visited to the site of the observation meeting in the southern pole .
at present , we are making efforts to establish the third antarctic observation station , and also china 's first inland inspection station in the antarctic .
sun zhihui said :
after more than 20 years of efforts , china 's polar exploration has been in the world 's polar field .
he said .
sun zhihui revealed that china will publish its polar inspection report in the future .
china , castro meet with chen zhili beijing , nov. 8
xinhua news agency , harvan , february 10 ( reporter : zhou enlai ) - cuban state council president castro met with visiting chinese state councilor chen zhili on the 10th . both sides expressed the need to constantly strengthen mutually beneficial cooperation in education , science and technology , and other fields .
president castro warmly welcomed president chen to visit cuba .
he said : the cuban - chinese relations are very friendly , with frequent high - level visits , which have effectively promoted and strengthened the friendship and mutual understanding between the two countries , and hopes that the two countries will constantly deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in various fields , including education and science and technology .
chen zhili said : cuba is the largest developing country in latin america and the caribbean region .
the chinese and cuban peoples have a long history of friendly exchanges .
cuba is the first country to establish diplomatic relations with new china .
after entering the new century , under the concern and impetus of the leaders of the two countries , the mutual trust between the two countries has been deepened , the scope of cooperation has been constantly expanded , mutual support and coordination in international affairs , and the friendly relations between china and cuba have entered a new period of comprehensive development .
she believed that with the joint efforts of both sides , the friendly cooperation between china and cuba will certainly yield more fruitful results .
chen zhili also pointed out : the chinese government has always attached importance to exchanges and cooperation with cuba in the field of education .
in recent years , the educational exchanges between the two countries have been growing closer and the number of people has been frequent .
china actively supports the international conference held by cuba and sent a delegation to attend the conference on higher education and the 2005 conference on eliminating illiteracy .
cuba 's basic education level is very high , and it is hoped that the exchange of relevant experiences will be further strengthened in the future .
chen said that the two countries have had fruitful cooperation in science and technology research and development , and that they can achieve mutually beneficial and win - win results through cooperation in various fields .
the chinese side has assisted some cuban scientific research and equipment in the hope of playing a positive role in cuba 's scientific research and production .
she also briefed castro on china 's strategy of invigorating the country through science and education and the national science and technology congress .
chen zhili arrived in cuba on the afternoon of 9 february local time at the invitation of the cuban government to begin a visit to cuba .
during this period , chen zhili met with the cuban minister of education , vincent siew , and inspected the university of science and technology of havana , the university of science and technology , and the saint maria primary school .
the accident of the explosion on the beijing - ha highway closed
harbin , february 11 ( xinhua ) the first meeting of the ninth national people 's congress ( npc ) standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) of china 's largest coal - fired group of the people 's republic of china ( dprk ) was held in the city of harbin on february 10 , a traffic accident occurred at 58 kilometers ( 0500 gmt ) kilometers ( 0500 gmt ) on the beijing - ha highway .
according to a traffic police unit of the shuangcheng city public security bureau , at 2:00 on 10 july , three car accidents occurred at 58 kilometers from the beijing - ha highway , one car , one lorry , and a oil tank vehicle bumped together , a fissuer sewing leak , and the discarded oil flow was flowing onto the road .
it is learned that the fuel tank vehicle is carrying a large quantity of discarded oil , which is carrying a coke .
the two men , who were so scared by the fire in the past , were also arrested by the department concerned .
harbin 's main route to shuangcheng is closed , and many vehicles bypass .
at present , relevant departments are clearing up the scene , and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
hk , taiwan sign agreement on taiwan 's bid to hold flag in italy beijing , march 3
hong kong , february 11 ( xinhua ) the hutchison whampoa company limited announced on the 11th that the plan to list the three major companies of the china telecommunications company under the flag postponed on the 11th was postponed .
and the president of the huanggang , mr henry fok , said that although the three italian supervisory agencies had been approved by the relevant supervisory authorities on the stock market , the time required for the listing procedures to be completed within the next few weeks is too hasty .
at the same time , the current situation of european telecommunications markets is weak , and the market may not necessarily give a single italian brochure to the market value that is appropriate for the time being .
in view of the fact that shareholders have the greatest interest , they have decided to postpone their listing .
as for when to rerecruit shares , mr robert footman said that the future development of the european telecommunications market would depend on the future situation of the european telecommunications market .
he held that from now to the time of separate listing , italy needs to conduct a wide range of investors education activities to facilitate the global telecommunications investment market to understand more clearly the current strong performance and favorable prospects of the italian paul .
in another report , the media reported that the three italian coordinated investment banks , goldman sachs , agreed to invest 420 million euros in the form of private sales , holding 10 percent of the shares of the italian paul marco , expected to be completed by the end of march this year .
china , us to strengthen economic ties , trade , trade ties
xinhua news agency , yangon , february 12 ( reporter zhang yunfei ) chinese ambassador to myanmar atheus and economic and business counsellor tang hai , on the eve of the visit to china by myanmar prime minister shaukat wangara , said that the economic and trade relations between china and burma now show a good trend of mutual benefit and development in content and form .
ambassador tuk said : in recent years , the china - japan strategic partnership established on the basis of the five principles of peaceful coexistence has been consolidated and developed , and exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been expanding and deepening , and the economic and trade relations between the two countries have been constantly expanded and strengthened .
tang hai said : the high - level exchanges between the two countries have effectively promoted the development of bilateral economic and trade cooperation .
in 2004 , the two countries reached a consensus on 33 economic and trade cooperation agreements , most of which are being implemented and implemented .
he said : 2004 was 11.4 - billion us dollars , reaching 12.09 - billion us dollars , of which $ 9.35 - billion was china 's exports and $ 2.74 - billion was imported .
last year , china 's yunnan and myanmar 's trade ( including border trade ) reached 6.330 billion us dollars , up 14.66 percent from the previous year .
tang hai said : myanmar has become a major country in which chinese enterprises carry out contracting projects . china has mainly built power stations , hyundai wharves , and factories ( such as costumes , opcer , and mengji plant ) .
chinese enterprises start construction businesses in myanmar , bringing along the development of various kinds of chinese mechanical and electrical products , and myanmar has become china 's major market for export of complete sets of equipment and electrical appliances .
according to chinese customs statistics , over the past five years , the export of electrical and mechanical products has accounted for about 45.5 percent of china 's total exports to myanmar .
tang jiaxuan also said that myanmar has abundant resources and china has started to invest in burma 's oil and natural gas mine , including the burma 's nickel mine , and the development of economic and trade cooperation between china and burma has great potential .
he hoped that chinese enterprises will have a long - term perspective , learn to avoid risks , and make prudent decisions , establish a good enterprise image , and ensure the quality of the projects are completed on schedule , so as to win glory for the country .
the ambassadors and the tang hai - zong participants both believed that premier wen 's upcoming official visit to china is an important event in bilateral relations this year and is of important significance to enhancing political mutual trust , promoting bilateral cooperation , and further developing the good - neighborly and friendly relations between china and burma .
it is estimated that the two sides will sign several documents on economic and trade cooperation during the visit .
the world bank plans to reduce and reduce the debt of the poorest countries
moscow , february 11 ( xinhua ) world bank president wolfowitz said on friday that the world bank would completely remove the poverty - stricken countries ' debt by the middle of this year .
wolfowitz held talks with russian foreign minister igor ivanov , who came to attend the g - 8 finance ministers meeting in moscow on the same day .
he said in a statement issued after the meeting that the world bank would implement the debt relief plan before 1 july this year , and the world bank is now completing all technical work .
last year , the world bank 's donor countries completely exempted the debt owed by 28 countries and said they would fill the funds for the relevant trust funds .
the imf 's creditor 's rights are relatively small , and the imf has started to reduce or waive its debts by the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz has made a decision to exempt 16 african countries from their debt .
the high - definition digital television has gradually become the mainstream in the united states .
new york , february 12 ( xinhua ) the world 's largest economy , with the growth of the economy , has been growing at a rate of about 10 percent , with the rising number of digital tvs ( gmt ) and the rising price of the market .
the us - based super pound that has just ended has become the us broadcasting industry 's main target for greeting the high - definition television .
according to a report by the financial times a few days ago , the us congress recently passed a bill , requiring the american broadcasting industry to stop broadcasting the existing simulated television signals on 17 february , 2009 , and only to broadcast a digital signal .
this means that the overall digital broadcasting broadcast by the us television program has a clear timetable .
the high - resolution digital tv is , on the one hand , dependent on consumers to buy television sets , while on the other hand , it is necessary for the production organizations to provide high - definition digital programs .
although the number of digital television programs mentioned repeatedly in the past few years , they have never become a reality .
this problem has taken a turn for the better this year .
according to a forecast by the us consumer electronics association , this year the number of digital television sets will exceed the traditional tv sets in the united states , and the number of digital television sets will exceed 85.5 percent , which is high - resolution products .
the japanese researchers have developed a new highly efficient kidney - producing satellite .
tokyo , february 13 ( xinhua ) the japanese university of east china sea has developed a biological engineering kidney , which not only has the characteristics of the same as human kidney 's discretion , but also has the function of keeping a material part , and it is also very small and easy to transplant it , and it is expected to bring sound to the neal disease patients as the study deepens .
according to a report by the " japan economic news , " the newly developed biological - made kidney mainly consists of two parts , and the part is filtering spatial waste and water poles , which are another part of the kidney - making process from the original lieutenant general 's hydropower and the other used components to return to the blood - cream to make a comeup of blood .
the man - made kidney , the man - made , and the man - made , the left , was made by the central air force , and the inside of the man 's comic was full of the pen - shaped urine that dispelled the functions of the xie - xie - transplant .
this type of stem cells can cause many blood penetration to the disease caused by the difference in the difference of the same type of genetic formula , which is transmitted into the acid and return to blood , and at the same time , it can also reenter the blood of the grape , which is essential to the body .
in the past , the man - made kidney relied on the differential of infiltration to filter the waste , and could not completely remove it , and did not have the capability to return the functions of the ammonia and other elements to the blood .
researchers used hillwood to carry out bio - humane transplant experiments , and the kidney - made cliff used pig cells in the cliff .
two weeks later , researchers confirmed that the kidney for humans had been able to play its role .
they are developing and using the human kidney cells to develop biological kidney , and will test their safety to start clinical research .
china 's power production safety is still facing stern challenges
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the state power supervision and management commission ( sssssssssssssssrc ) said on the 13th that although the overall situation of power safety in 2005 remained stable , the production of power supply still faces severe challenges .
the state development and reform commission ( sic ) vice chairman shi yubo said at the fifth national meeting of the national committee for power safety ( enlarged ) that china 's power production safety in 2005 was generally stable , and that it satisfactorily completed the task of greeting the summer peak , ensuring safety in power supply , actively dealing with the intrusion of natural disasters , basically ensuring the safe and stable operation of the power system , reducing accidents in power production equipment , and increasing the level of power
however , he pointed out that with the changes in the situation of power supply and demand and the large number of new construction generating units successively put into operation , the production of power safety will face new challenges .
these challenges include : regional unseasonal variations of electricity , which are still in place , and the situation of power supply and demand in some areas is still tight , and the benign mechanism for coal prices has not yet taken shape , which has led to a relatively big problem in the supply of electricity , and at the same time , the problem of the drop in the quality of electricity coal has not been effectively controlled , which will have a serious impact on the stable operation of power generating units ,
shi yubo said : with the deepening of the reform of the power system , many deep - seated contradictions will be constantly exposed , how to maintain the stability of the ranks of workers and ensure normal production order will become a new problem facing us .
in view of the 2006 work of power safety , shi yubo said that it is necessary to further strengthen the basic work of safety in production and management , speed up the establishment and improvement of the emergency management mechanism for power safety , enhance the ability to deal with contingencies , strengthen coordination and cooperation between power plants and power systems , and continue to do a good job in supervising and managing the safety of the dam , strengthening construction safety , reducing construction safety , and strengthening the work of ensuring safety of personal
it is reported that the new situation of power safety management will be carried out this year by the state development planning commission . the " interim regulations on investigating electric power production accidents " that have been promulgated this year will be revised and perfected . meanwhile , the relevant documents on safety of the dam and the second system safety protection for the power generation will be distributed successively this year .
in 2005 , the total consumption of china 's entire society reached 24.689 - trillion kilowatts , up 13.455 percent from the same period last year .
in the face of the situation of power supply and demand , the contradictions between coal , electricity , oil , and transportation are conspicuous , and so on , all power enterprises have taken effective measures to strengthen equipment management . last year , no extraordinarily serious equipment accident occurred in the power production sector throughout the country .
the accident occurred 74 times , a decrease of 127 times over the same period last year , an accident of 427 times involving equipment accidents , a decrease of 132 times over the same period of last year .
the south african envoy to china said that south africa does not have any secret organization that has organized for crimes against chinese citizens .
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will continue to support the south african government in its efforts to protect the peace and stability of the south african country , said the chief of the south african embassy in china , in an interview with xinhua reporters on the 13th .
he also said that the south african government would do its best to crack down on all forms of criminal activities .
the president said that the south african government hopes to reduce the crime rate to zero , and hopes that every working group of foreigners in south africa will be able to receive the necessary protection from local laws and citizens .
since 2006 , more than 160 chinese citizens have been killed in south africa , and the chinese world has expressed extensive concern over this .
the chinese foreign ministry has made representations to south africa over this issue and reminded chinese citizens in south africa to further enhance their awareness of security and prevention , strengthen unity and friendship among overseas chinese , and cooperate with the police in cracking down on criminal activities .
we are sending a letter of apology to the families of the victims .
" we are not going to be a good friend , " said mr shipman , who is also a member of the political bureau of the central committee of the communist party of china ( cpc ) .
according to a briefing given by the chinese embassy in south africa , the south african police have successfully solved the case of chen jianqing , a chinese woman in fujian , on 5 february in south africa , and a suspect has been arrested .
the police are now hunting for another suspect .
according to the south african embassy in china , the number of criminals suspected of shooting hong kong businessman in january this year has been arrested by the south african police , and the money and property of the victims have been recovered .
on the killing of chinese citizens , the chinese government has decided to take the action of the un security council to deal with the problems in trade between the two countries and in other areas , he said .
the south african government has been working hard to build a tourist industry in the first 15 days of this year , said the minister of tourism of the south african embassy , mr benxi .
according to official statistics of china , south africa will continue to maintain china 's largest trade partner in africa in 2005 .
the bilateral trade volume reached $ 7.27 billion , up 23.8 percent over the same period last year .
however , people in the tourism industry believe that the chinese citizens ' deaths in 2004 have a direct impact on the number of chinese tourists to south africa .
according to the south african tourism administration , the number of chinese tourists to south africa in the first half of 2005 was 20331 , a decrease of 14.9 percent over the same period last year .
the number of chinese living in south africa is about 200,000 , and the number of urban villages in south africa is around 200,000 .
analysts here believe that the gap between the rich and the poor in south africa , the high unemployment rate , and the excessive gun - related crimes have remained high .
since many chinese do not understand english , they have cash and are more prone to become the targets of criminal elements ' financial attacks .
hk , taiwan promote on - the - job english learning and training
hong kong , february 13 ( xinhua ) the vocational english campaign , initiated by the hong kong special administrative region government , launched on february 13 , aims to raise the english proficiency of more working people .
this is a good example of learning english and making a great life a theme , including a series of publicity activities to promote english learning and training in the workplace , and to enable employers to better understand how to help their employees raise their english standard .
up to now , the scheme has subsidized nearly 25,000 people to complete vocational english training courses , enabling them to reach the relevant workplace english benchmarks of hong kong .
hong kong 's english campaign is one of the major initiatives launched by the sar government in 2000 .
the english campaign is an important project to provide english training assistance to schools .
the scheme aims to help the workplace english language practitioners to develop their skills through training and participation in the designated international business english examinations .
hebei 's aids testing system is free of charge
xinhua news agency , shijiazhuang , february 14 ( reporter dong zhiyong ) hebei 's health department recently formulated and issued a " hebei province 's plan for implementing the voluntary consultation and inspection work for aids ( for trial implementation ) , which clearly stipulated the principle of sending free - of - charge and keeping the secret - keeping for aids to the maximum extent , and further implemented the preventive intervention measures and the policy of avoiding interventionism and the four - point exemption .
the " plan " clearly defines the work of voluntary consultation and inspection of aids in hebei province : the test of aids resistance bodies and consultation is free , the test of aids resistance bodies and the voluntary consent of the information , the test of aids resistance bodies , consultation and keeping of secrets , and the judgment of the relevant acts of the consulting parties , the protection of the legal rights and interests of hiv carriers and aids patients , and the provision of corresponding follow - up services for them .
the " program " requires that the aids consultation and testing center be set at a convenient location for consulting , to protect the privacy of the consulting officer , there should be a single room , and one - on - one consultation can be conducted .
the choice of the union advisers should be taken into full consideration the personal qualities of the people who are responsible for their personal qualities , their ability to communicate , and other factors .
to protect the privacy of the consulting , the testing pamphlet can be used as a code or a number to register the information .
the " plan " also demands that the health administration departments at and above the county level publish the information on the local major media on the list of medical and health institutions that are undertaking free aids testing services , and the telephone number of the people to get to know the relevant information .
the ministry of public security is still focusing on extorting confessions by torture inspectors .
beijing , february 14 ( xinhua ) the ministry of public security and the ministry of public security , the deputy director of the police inspector bureau , said in response to foreign reporters ' questions on the 14th that the so - called " proposal " is not too appropriate to allow criminal suspects to plead in china is absolutely not permitted .
the focus of the work of the inspectors departments is to prevent these problems from happening .
he also pointed out that some international organizations have made a positive assessment of the situation of the law enforcement by the chinese police .
the latest information provided by the ministry of public security on 14 april shows that the ministry of public security issued in 2004 the " regulations on the public security organs on the record of the measures for keeping in the public security organs " on the application of continuing interrogations , " which has better guaranteed that the basic level of public security organs are applicable to interrogation according to law .
since 1997 , the central authorities have made unremitting efforts to promote the management of three kinds of units ( namely , the extradition of criminal proceedings , the use of firearms and the use of force ) , and the national public security organs have persisted in the practice of the " three - in - one " campaign of inspectors of the police force , the interferring police force , and the first - line law - enforcement units of the public security supervision and control unit on the scene , and have
to prevent law enforcement from the source , police inspectors have extended the scope of the inspection of law enforcement inspectors and increased the need to inquire about the application of the measures , which include the " 110 " incident , the " 110 " police report , " the " police force 's " investigation of the law - enforcement links , such as the handling of the incurring of security personnel and the theft of motor vehicles and information .
hk , taiwan to strengthen cooperation in health , health , education
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) a delegation of taiwan 's " taiwan independence " forces , led by chen shui - bian , who had been honorary chairman of the taiwan strait exchange foundation , was in taipei to attend the meeting in the early hours of the 15th , according to a report from taipei , on the 15th .
sun yun - hsuan was born on 11 november 1913 . penglai from shandong , and the department of electrical machinery of harbin industrial university graduated from the department of electrical machinery .
it was the first time that the kmt members of the 10 th and 13 th central committees , the 11 th central standing committee members , and the presidium of the 14 th central consultative committee , and the 15 th central appraisal committee members were elected .
he once served as minister of communications in taiwan . he was appointed minister of economics and executive yuan president .
heilongjiang is promoting the ecological environment of songhua river water pollution ecological impact assessment and countermeasures project .
harbin , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will continue to make efforts to improve the water level of the songhua river and the water level of the ice melting to open the river , the official said .
the reporter learned from the heilongjiang provincial environmental protection bureau that the " national environmental protection administration " organized by the state administration of environmental protection to assess and respond to the major pollution incident in songhua river , which was designated by 15 special topics , which were divided into the evaluation of the ecological environment and countermeasures against the ecological impact assessment and the comprehensive evaluation of the diagnosis technology of the human body . the three stages were arranged for completion in three stages .
at present , there are 10 scientific research institutes in heilongjiang province , with more than 60 people undertaking 14 research tasks .
according to the briefing , the environmental protection department and relevant scientific research institutions will focus on five special topics , namely , emergency environmental evaluation and countermeasures research , in an effort to first solve environmental problems which the masses are eager to be concerned about .
the major control points include the concentration of pollutants and the prediction of total discharge volume from the country . the incident has affected the safety of water products on the songhua river . the evaluation of the safety of water on both sides of the strait as well as the safety impact of water supply to the underground water supply in the cities , and the study of the rules of the frozen and disappealing process of the songjiang river .
the heilongjiang provincial environmental protection department will also increase the intensity of environmental supervision along the songhua river , severely investigate and deal with environmental incidents that cause serious pollution by illegal discharge and illegal construction .
heilongjiang will send an environmental law enforcement personnel to supervise and guide various localities in carrying out comprehensive improvement of the environment in the small valley , and improve the environment management system of the alshi river , the jixi river , and other areas .
the beijing university 's memorial hall on behalf of wang wei
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to launch a new round of the six - party talks on the taiwan issue after a few days of intense preparations , according to a report from the chinese ministry of foreign affairs .
at 0800 hours , the hall was opened yet to open . the door has been opened to dozens of people .
the reporter saw at the forum to mark the centenary of the beijing university that the wall of the hall was hung on the wall of the hall : " deeply mourning for wang xuan , who was hanging with him .
the lower deck is a dozen - plus - square - meter - long scroll of wang xun . he is wearing a glasses , with a smile on the surface , and a refreshing atmosphere .
the two sides of the remains were decorated with a few trees , dozens of flower walls , and two sides .
one of the flower - like portions : " the song " , " " qin sheng 's " premium of the dragon , " was given to the lead greeting , and the present time was a great poem of the poem .
the parade was delighted with a warm and warm atmosphere .
the number of people who died in the memorial was as high as the number of friends of the beijing university and the number of friends of the academician wang chou - ch'ang , who had been involved in the study , and many other people who had never been in contact with him .
some of them hold fresh flowers , some carry a basket of flowers , and everyone is wearing a small white flower in their chest , slowly walking to the remains of the academician wang xuan , bowing to a sad of sorrow .
many people could not help but shed tears .
he was once the director of the state administration of cultural heritage , zhang wenbin , a senior alumni of beijing university , told the reporter that he was still working in henan province more than 10 years ago and asked professor wang xuan to give a report on scientific and technological innovation to the provincial party committee cadres .
academician wang chia - chou is a good example for us to learn from him . he has made important contributions to the country and society , and the people will never forget him .
the beijing university 's law school , professor jin ruilin , is a professor with wang xuan , an old friend who has been in his forty - plus years .
he just left the hospital a few days ago and insisted on saying goodbye to his old friends today .
mr. jin 's statement is a message to the public that he cannot suppress his grief and take paperwork on many occasions .
he told the reporter that professor wang xun 's life was very thrifty , and he had been a professor when he was staying in the yu'an palace . he had already made very high achievements , but he was still living in a very small house for many years .
later he moved to the zepic and was a place with a floor space of 70 to 80 square meters .
beijing university gave him a " red army " building , which was located in the blue camp , with more than 140 square meters of apartment , he did not want to , and the high - level housing provided by fangzheng building did not need to be done .
mr. jin recalled with deep feeling that wang xuan had been a foreign friend who had offered a very high degree of treatment during his overseas visit , but he had resolutely forbidden him .
when he first insisted on not applying for academician , he was appointed to be a member of the association after several mobilization meetings by mr. zhou peiyuan .
mr jones said he was deeply touched by the fact that wang chaixun had repeatedly emphasized that i still have some achievements and not seen what i have achieved , but should rely on cultivating young people .
mr. jin said : fifty years old , wang chaixi began to pay attention to cultivating young people . he has always stressed that to pave the way , he is willing to be a staircase and give way to young people .
this is a very successful scientists .
the reporter learned from the beijing university news center that from 0900 on 15 february to 12:00 on 19 february , from 0900 to 0600 on 19 february , the hall of academicians wang xuan opened to the public and was sent to the public for condolences .
the " falungong " cult , which has been duly praised by the contemporary chinese people , has been a member of the chinese academy of sciences , and has been selected by wang xixin , a academician of the third world academy of sciences , who is a medical practitioner , at 11:33 on 13 february at beijing and hospital , and was 70 years old .
chinese vice - chairman meets chilean parliament speaker
wu bangguo attended the signing ceremony and signed the agreement .
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the npc standing committee , which is to be held in beijing , attended a meeting of the npc and the chilean parliament on the afternoon of february 15 to sign a political dialogue agreement between the npc and the chilean parliament , and signed the agreement in the document .
the npc and the chilean parliament have officially established a mechanism for exchanges .
it is reported that chilean senate president romano and chamber of deputies speaker arseno aso have held a meeting in santiago , capital of chile , recently .
according to the agreement , the two sides will , in accordance with the principles set in the communique on the establishment of diplomatic relations between the npc and the chilean parliament , establish a dialogue committee , and take turns to hold regular meetings between the two countries to jointly promote the overall development of bilateral relations .
chilean ambassador to china klaev klaev and others attended the signing ceremony .
china to issue information network dissemination rights regulations
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a new website for the development of the country 's economy , which will be the largest ever ever ever ever ever since the beginning of the year , according to a report from the state administration of copyright ( copyright ) , mr wang ziqiang , director of the state copyright bureau , said at a press conference held by the state council information office on the issue of protecting internet relics .
wang ziqiang said : according to the current law , the publication of the works published in newspapers and periodicals can not be used as long as the author does not make any statements . the newspaper can not afford to pay the expenses of the work , and at the same time pay the remuneration , the state copyright bureau has formulated the standard for the reprint of newspapers and periodicals in accordance with the law .
however , according to the current law , the newspaper and publication agency enjoy the right to this legal license , and the internet does not enjoy the right to this statutory license right now .
according to the relevant judicial explanations made by the supreme people 's court , the method of using the license for newspaper and periodical use can be applied to the internet , that is , the short articles published on the internet on the newspaper and periodical . the author does not have to use the words of the press , but the internet does not go through the licensing process and pay the remuneration .
however , as the judicial interpretation has not stipulated the standards for remuneration , the use of these works by the internet in practice has not paid any compensation .
the internet has been published for short - term works .
wang ziqiang said : is it possible to incorporate it into the scope of legal confirmation and to wait for the promulgation of this year 's regulations on protecting the right of information network dissemination ?
russia to launch military exercises with georgia : report
moscow , february 15 ( xinhua ) the russian defense ministry said here today that the russian government will continue to support the government 's decision to force the peacekeeping force in the near future , the official said
the russian state duma ( lower house of parliament ) chairman kobao kobao on the same day issued a statement on the georgian parliament 's resolution on the russian peacekeeping force , pointing out that this resolution by the georgian side will undermine the stability of the situation in the region and will have an unfavorable impact on russian - georgian relations .
he stressed that the decision of the georgian parliament has made russia and georgia develop their relations in a deteriorating direction .
he said : the gestonian side 's accusations against russia are absurd .
the georgian parliament passed a resolution on the same day , demanding that the russian peacekeeping forces stop their peacekeeping operations in the south ossetia , but they have not set a specific time limit for the withdrawal of russian peacekeeping forces .
the georgian parliament blamed russian peacekeepers for not fulfilling their obligations and for taking actions in the conflict area as an attempt to swallow the territory of georgia .
the parliament urged the government to take positive actions to consider the possibility of stationing peacekeeping forces in the south ossetia conflict zone to replace the current peacekeeping operations in the region by russia .
the parliament also instructed the government to revise the decision on the entry of russian peacekeeping personnel into the conflict zone .
the south ossetia is an autonomous state of georgia , which has borders with the republic of ossetia , russia .
after the disintegration of the former soviet union , it proclaimed independence on its own and was in a confrontation with the central government for a long time .
at present , russia is stationed in the region in the peacekeeping camp of 500 people .
this unit is a unit that formed a joint force in the southern region of the northern border of georgia in 1992 .
the fire broke out in the liaoyuan hospital , and four responsible persons were charged with the crime of committing a major accident .
changchun , february 16 ( xinhua ) the jilin provincial government has decided to set up a special emergency rescue team after the extraordinarily serious fire at the central hospital of liaoyuan city , jilin province , which will be held in the city of east china 's jilin province , according to the report .
on 15 december 2005 , the largest coal mine in liaoyuan city was hit by a fire , killing 39 people .
in the fire , the excessively flame area was over 5,000 square meters .
it is learned that this is the first time that the national medical and health system has been in the country since the founding of new china .
according to investigations , at 16:30 on the day of the incident , the central hospital of liaoyuan city suddenly stopped the electricity . according to the hospital 's circuit design , if the power is stopped , the electric cart will automatically jump to the deputy gate , and continue to maintain normal electricity supply at the hospital , but the electrical gate did not automatically jump the lock , and the leader of the electrical work squad zhang diankun was forced to send the electric power
the number of underground cables that bucked smoke at that time was more than 10 , more , unsealed , and the electric cables like this should be placed in a very tidy manner and fire prevention strata should be set up .
therefore , the 57 - year - old liaoyuan city textile company 's electrical installation team leader zhao yongchun , retired cadre ( senior engineer ) of the liaoyuan power industry bureau , sun fenglin , retired staff of the central hospital of liaoyuan city , and returned to work in the hospital for three persons , and jin chengtai , three persons , was also prosecuted for suspected major responsibility - related crimes .
china 's rural tourism industry opens in southern china 's guizhou province
guiyang , february 16 ( xinhua ) the world health organization ( wto ) announced on tuesday that it has been the first time in the country to have a holiday in the country , the official said
at 10:30 , the five - year - long event was held in a dark - coloured - shirt , zheng peqin , aged 80 , who sounded the song of the first tour of guizhou , china 's rural areas .
the village of tianlong tan is a typical representative of the development of rural tourism in guizhou and an national model tourist spot .
as the year of the ming dynasty , the chinese army came to the united states , and the people in kuotai have been living in the same age for more than 600 years .
here , it can be seen everywhere from the white house , the people of the blue long - sleeved long - sleeved , the ancient folk culture and the clothing of the tooth in the tuen mun village are kept in good shape .
it is learned that tilong village relies on this cultural tradition advantage to develop the rural cultural tourism starting from 2002 , and the income of only 38 million yuan in 2005 alone is 47.7 percent higher than that of rural households in the village , and to participate in the sale of tourist products through catches and costumes . the income of farmers has increased from more than 1,300 yuan in 2002 to 260 yuan in 2005 .
the guizhou provincial tourism administration , mr yang shengming , said that following the first round of the tianlong tuen mun tour , the new round of travel passes around the new rural tourism , new habitats , and new scenery , will reach 35 in various rural tourism activities in guizhou this year .
so far , guizhou has more than 130 villages and villages to launch various kinds of tourist projects . by 2005 , more than 600,000 peasant households across the province have extricated themselves from poverty through developing tourism .
in january , 70 cities ' housing prices rose 5.55 percent , shanghai 's housing prices continued to slide .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will continue to promote the development of housing in 70 large and medium - sized cities , with a rise of 5.5 percent over the same period last year , a drop of 0.7 percentage points from the previous month , according to the report .
shanghai 's housing prices continued to decline .
the state development and reform commission issued a data release by the national bureau of statistics on 16 february , showing that the price of housing in most of the 70 large and medium - sized cities rose in january over the same period last year , while the price of housing in shanghai continued to drop by a small margin , a drop of 0.4 percent over the same period last year .
the same - worded statistics show that in the first quarter of last year , shanghai 's housing prices rose 19.1 percent over the same period last year , and a turn for the better was seen . in the second half of last year , a slight decline was seen in the same period .
in january this year , 70 large and medium - sized cities saw a 6.9 percent increase in prices of new commodities , a 0.2 percentage point lower than the previous month .
the new home prices rose by 2.1 percent in the first quarter , followed by the hoecho huaji and 14.7 percent in shenzhen , 9.11 percent in chengdu , 8.4 percent in the same period last year , while shanghai dropped 3.1 percent .
the central organization department has called for further increasing the supervision over leading cadres and the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the central organization department recently printed and distributed the opinions on strengthening cadre supervision work .
the opinions urged organization departments at all levels to proceed from strict management and care for cadres , to carry out cadre supervision through examination and selection of cadres to select and appoint cadres , to strengthen their routine management , to establish and improve a supervisory work mechanism that can prevent problems from occurring in a timely manner , and to earnestly strengthen supervision over the selection and appointment of leading cadres and cadres .
the opinions pointed out : the main tasks of supervision by cadres of the organization departments are : 1 ) supervision over leading bodies and leading cadres ; the main responsible persons of leading bodies are strengthened ; and 2 ) supervision over the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing party and government leading cadres is focused on the implementation of the " regulations on the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing party and government leading cadres . "
in the process of supervising leading bodies and leading cadres , the opinions have pointed out : we should unremittingly carry out education on ideals and convictions and on fighting corruption and promoting ethical governance , and should permeate the education through the training , selection , and management of leading cadres , guide and urge leading cadres to strengthen the cultivation of party spirit , persist in building the party for the public , and build a strong ideological and moral defense line for resisting corruption and guarding against degeneration .
the leading cadres who have been promoted should be promoted to leading posts and should set clear requirements for self - discipline .
we should urge leading bodies at all levels to adhere to democratic centralism , establish and improve the rules and procedures for making decisions on matters and matters , and conscientiously implement the system of combining collective leadership with individual responsibility .
we should give prominence to supervision over the principal responsible persons of leading bodies , and organize responsible persons of the departments ( personnel ) of leading bodies to speak with heart and mind about the situation of their ideological work and work style .
establish and improve the day - to - day management and supervision system for leading cadres , and regularly understand and analyze the ideological and work style of the leading cadre ranks , and put forward opinions and measures for solving problems .
the system of leading cadres ' collective talks and letters and visits should be implemented , and problems of unhealthy tendencies should be discovered so that they can be admonished or sent to the public in a timely manner .
the leaders and cadres that the masses have reflected should be seriously investigated and understanding , and there should be problems in the work , and the cases of criticism and education should be handled by relevant organizations according to the circumstances , so that the work of transfer of administrative and law - enforcement organs for discipline and law - breaking practices may be completed and the problems of law - breaking work will be clarified in an appropriate way after investigation .
at the same time , we should combine strengthening supervision with encouraging cadres to boldly explore new ways and new ways of development , and pay attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the opinions and demands : all levels of organization ( personnel ) departments should earnestly strengthen supervision over the selection and appointment of leading party and government cadres .
further improve the system for recommending and nominating cadres to study for the selection of cadres and to deliberate on decisions on the selection and appointment of cadres , and strictly ensure that the work is done in a solid manner and the people can enjoy the trust of the masses at all levels .
we should strengthen the supervision and inspection of the enforcement of the regulations on appointing cadres , strictly investigate and deal with acts violating the regulations on appointing cadres , and resolutely check unhealthy trends and corrupt phenomena in appointing cadres .
the system of appointing people in serious violation of regulations should be implemented , and supervision and inspection should be intensified .
establish and improve the system of investigating and affixing responsibility for the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres , and scientifically define the responsibility of the principal bodies in each link of the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres , clearly defining the form of holding accountable and affixing the responsibility for the work , and intensifying the investigation and affixing of the responsibility .
we should give full play to the role of mass supervision , establish and improve a mechanism for reporting cases in a safe and effective manner .
and give full play to the role of supervision by public opinion , and report to the media about the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres to the media in a timely manner and accept supervision by the media .
the opinions suggested that we should further improve the mechanism for coordinating and coordinating the work of supervising cadres .
the organization ( personnel ) departments should strengthen their coordination with discipline inspection organs , establish a mechanism for conducting education in party style and clean government with discipline inspection organs , and establish a joint system for supervising and coordinating efforts with the departments concerned in this regard .
and with the discipline inspection organs to seriously do a good job in inspection work , improve the methods of inspection , improve the system of inspection , and improve the quality of inspection .
together with the auditing organs , they have conscientiously implemented the system of auditing leading cadres ' economic responsibility .
we should improve the internal supervision mechanism for the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres of organizational departments .
hk , taiwan issue to be resolved by taiwan authorities hong kong , june 28
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the taiwan authorities ' economic affairs department ( economic affairs department ) decided on the 15th to punish taiwan 's yinchiao huanqiu electronics co , ltd. ( for short ) , a new taiwan dollar , for the reason that they provided assistance in violation of regulations to support the establishment of a vessel technology company on the mainland .
taiwan 's " china times " reported that this was the first time chen shui - bian has made active efforts to manage cross - strait economic and trade policies , and the taiwan authorities have punished taiwan businessmen for their investment in the mainland .
according to reports , the taiwan economy ministry 's panel for review says that the joint - stock penalties have violated the regulations on relations between the people on both sides of the strait and the procedures for approving investment or technological cooperation in the mainland .
in the future , the balloting will also be conducted according to the situation of the former chairman of the united microelectronics company , cao xingcheng , and others .
the case of the joint power plant started in february 2005 . at that time , the taiwan prosecutors department used more than 100 people to launch an attack against the houses and offices of several high - ranking personnel , claiming that the joint - stock power company was suspected of providing funds and manpower resources to the mainland in the form of an illegal fund and a large amount of manpower resources to the frigate .
the then president of the united microelectronics group , cao xingcheng , then chairman of the board , said openly that the united microelectronics did not violate any regulations of the taiwan authorities , and that the united microelectronics provided assistance to the company and the ship technology for the long term , and that it would lose business opportunities if it did not enter the mainland market as soon as possible .
afterwards , the taiwan authorities ' financial supervisory and management committee , in violation of the regulations on the disclosure of commercial information , ordered the united microelectronics company to impose a fine of 3 - million new taiwan dollars .
on 9 january 2006 , the joint - stock company 's board of directors accepted cao xingcheng 's resignation . after several hours , cao xingcheng was formally prosecuted for suspected involvement in illegal investment in the mainland .
the joint - stock and taiwan 's chip circuit company ( for short ) , which is called the " two - beam " in taiwan , is a high - tech enterprise on the island .
the taiwan authorities have been making a series of moves to investigate and handle the united microelectronics in the past year , which have attracted the great attention of all circles on the island .
hk , taiwan to hold second term meeting on macao , taiwan , macao , march 28
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the second meeting of the chinese people 's political consultative conference ( cppcc ) , which was held in beijing on february 17 , announced that the central government will conquer macao , which is composed of me , with the name of the name of me , to the chinese people around the world .
the article was organized by the macao foundation and the hundred - flowers literature and art publishing house , " the exact edition of the script " , and chen jiangong , vice chairman of the chinese writers association , and others were appointed chairmen of the appraisal committee .
in 2004 , the fifth anniversary of macao 's return to the motherland , the first macao script competition in my heart was held , and literary lovers at home and abroad responded positively , and the committee has received more than 8,000 entries , and more than 10 award winners from both home and abroad have been invited to the macao sar for receiving awards .
the macao delegation , which is headed by wu zhiliang , executive member of the macao foundation , said at a press briefing on 17 may that last year , the macao historical city district was included in the world cultural heritage list . this not only means that the macao people have affirmed the world 's management model , but also implies that the chinese nation and the different cultural traditions of the chinese nation and the different parties have been inherited and developed . therefore , the macao sar has decided to make the country
wu zhiliang said : it is precisely under such a good cultural atmosphere that the macao foundation and the hundred - flowers literature and art publishing house " zhuhai " decided to cooperate again and hold the second macao affairs martial competition in my heart , hoping that participants will show their patriotic love for macao and show the unique humanistic and cultural atmosphere of macao and the stability and auspicious aesthetics of the sar , and to further embrace the patriotic and peaceful image of macao .
according to the introduction , the competition was concluded on 1 september , and the " foreign edition of the rich and the sea " will open up columns to participate in the competition .
the results of the appraisal will be announced and will be announced at the macao sar in early 2007 .
shandong has successfully implemented a new case of heart transplant operation
jinan , february 17 ( xinhua ) shen zhiqin , deputy commander of the jinan military region , recently successfully implemented a baby heart transplant operation recently .
the reporter found on 17 august in the seriously ill - guarded room that the 51 - day - old baby was full of face , and all monitoring and inspection indicators were normal , and it was smoothly passing through the dangerous period of the operation , and it was playing with great interest the toys bought by medical and health personnel .
according to the doctors who received the medical treatment on the same day , the boy from tai on rural shandong was sent to hospital by his parents . he was purple and had difficulty in breathing . after examination , he was diagnosed with a purosis heart disease and was required to undergo heart transplant .
the heart transplant operation is the most difficult and most risky one in the heart operation .
in particular , the number of babies under one age is less than 1 , and at present there is still a blank in china .
the jinan military region 's blood and heart disease research institute organized experts to repeatedly test and carefully design a surgery and post - observation plan , and conducted independent innovation in the blood lineup method and conducted experiments on animals .
on 28 december 2005 , at 0800 hours , the operation began officially .
the heart of the body comes from a patient who has been born to a heart due to the bad habit of the natural lung .
the operation should be in line with six blood vessels , and the sewing of more than 510 needles is less than three millimeters per hole .
the " three - in - one " operation was successfully completed in 295 minutes .
the state administration of safety : the key to preventing the occurrence of extraordinarily serious accidents involving coal mines and other major accidents is the most important task this year .
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to launch a series of emergency rescue operations in the past year , with the number of people suffering from the accident , said liu guanzheng , deputy director of the national bureau of safety ( nbs ) , here thursday .
the reporter learned from the state administration of safe production on 17 april that in order to truly curb the frequent occurrence of extraordinarily serious accidents , such as coal mines , coal mines are the most important of the accidents .
this year , the state administration of coal mine safety will do a good job in the following three things :
the guy continues to fight a battle to control gas .
the government will make a decision on the issue of the emergency treatment of gas before the end of this year .
if the high gas mine does not have to go before it is allowed to take a seat , it will be ordered to stop production immediately according to law .
the guy continues to fight a battle to rectify and shut down the key .
we must make sure that the 5243 public notice to society , and the " 709 " mine safety report recently published by various localities is closed to the public .
we should regard the closing of enterprises as routine work , and constantly close down those enterprises that undermine the environment of pollution that do not have safety conditions .
the coal mine safety management is strengthened .
it is necessary to immediately rectify the situation of the small number of state - owned mines in which the management of the mines is sliding , and to guide the management of the small mines in a chaotic way , so as to establish a standardized safety management system .
in particular , we should pay attention to key state - owned coal mines , and absolutely not allow excessive concentration of overweight personnel to be produced .
this year 's production safety control targets require that the number of people of all types in the country who died in accidents dropped by 3percent over last year , among which coal mines dropped by 3.55 percent .
the death toll of the people in the first 10 months of this year will drop by 55.0 percent , of which 77.0 percent will be coal mines .
these control targets have been assigned to the people 's governments at various levels , and various localities are now making plans to go to the grassroots and enterprises at various levels .
statistics show that in 2005 , 59.86 miners died in coal mine accidents , a decline of 0.75 percent over the same period last year .
however , the number of extraordinarily serious accidents involving more than 10 people was on the rise , and the number of people killed in the accident increased by 66.6 percent over the same period last year .
( international ) barroso calls on all parties to make compromise in future negotiations in kosovo
xinhua news agency , belgrade , february 17 ( reporter he yi ) pristina news : eu chairman barroso said on the 17 th in pristina , capital of kosovo , that he hoped that all parties concerned would make a compromise in the future of kosovo and make a joint effort to establish a democratic and multi - ethnic integration kosovo .
barroso met with the council of the provisional authority of cote d'ivoire , representatives of the serbian ethnic group , and others , and told the media that the parties concerned in kosovo should adopt a tolerant attitude to establish a democratic and multi - ethnic integration kosovo , and only kosovo , which respects the government 's administrative regime and protects the rights and interests of ethnic minorities , can be recognized by the international community .
he also stressed that the european commission would do its best to help kosovo develop .
barroso also expressed concern over the current implementation of the un eight standards for kosovo 's democratic process , which are set by the united nations .
he said that the implementation of these standards is a major factor affecting the integration of kosovo and europe .
he also called on all serbs in kosovo to join the organization of kosovo to make efforts to realize democracy and to integrate multi - ethnic integration .
barroso arrived in the capital of kosovo on the same day for a one - day visit .
earlier , barroso visited croatia and serbia and montenegro , and he will also visit macedonia and bosnia - herzegovina .
( winter olympics games , stimulants ) news analysis : the distribution of the wild birds is likely to be unclear .
xinhua news agency , dublin , february 17 , news analysis : the reason for sending a lease of the baby is likely to be unclear
xinhua news agency reporter gao peng ding
although italy has repeatedly issued an order , the turin winter olympics has been uncovered during the olympics , and the athletes who use stimulants may face the danger of the doping , judging from various situations , such a situation is unlikely to occur in the first time in the current winter olympics games , the main player of the russian winter olympics , the two - year - old aleksmana , in which the two - year - old pagoda , was given by the
the city of turin was the first time the olympic games have been opened on 16 april , and the orleans were found to have used prohibited drugs .
the international olympic committee announced the following day that the legend has been sent out of the winter olympics . she won the winter olympics two - time women 's 15 - kilometer personal medal in the winter olympics .
the world winter bike league ( ioc ) made a statement on the same day on the same day that the two - year ban for the distribution of the violin tournament was decided .
the ioc has been stipulating that athletes are found to be using stimulants in the olympic games and will be deprived of the qualification to participate in the games , but they are not subject to legal sanctions .
however , according to italian law , athletes ' use and use of stimulants are a crime , and the judiciary has the right to directly arrest and investigate and use stimulant athletes , so as to defy the law , they are also facing three months to three months to three years of imprisonment .
in december last year , the international olympic committee and the italian government , after a long debate over prices , finally reached an agreement , and both sides agreed to follow the italian law in the current winter olympics to handle the incident of athletes using stimulants .
after the ioc 's unremitting efforts , the italian side , in the four days before the opening of the winter olympics , made a promise that the police would not enter the olympic village to conduct a search for the athletes ' place , but the drug - related athletes will still be subject to investigation by the italian prosecutors .
it is reported that the italian government supervises the officials of the turin winter olympic games , perry , who has sent the archipelago 's stimulant incident to duino 's prosecutors .
however , the ioc and perez himself have not yet confirmed this .
the two - stage russian team of the winter season , andmikhail , revealed at noon on the 17 th that the legends had left turin and returned to china .
he was once a member of the world anti - doping agency for many years , and chinese sports officials , shi kangcheng , believed that once the leftovers are sent back to china , this matter might not be over until they are finally resolved .
shi said that the ioc and the italian government have made great efforts to strengthen cooperation with the chinese government on the issue of anti - doping agents in the winter olympics . even if the italian prosecutors really involve in this matter , it is also very difficult to say .
according to the previous italian method of using stimulants to athletes , the number of illegal immigrants received by the violators was only the two years of imprisonment for the period of the two - year imprisonment for the period of the period of the period of the period of the period of the period of the period of the period of the imprisonment .
therefore , the italian lufthansa senior reporter , pierre pierre , said that the possibility of leftova entering the prison is unexpectedly great , and that is , the penalty is most likely to be imposed .
pierre also said that although the italian court could have been tried in a absence , italian police could not possibly send leftova back to take the sentence .
if we send leans to refuse to accept the verdict , the italian side will also have no way to take it .
comprehensive news : the new epidemic site continues to show the world 's strict prevention
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a new anti - bird flu prevention center in africa , according to a report by a xinhua - based xinhua news agency overseas reporter .
the world health organization confirmed on the 17th that three of the bird flu - infected areas in egypt have been found .
in europe , france also discovered five types of bird flu virus for the first time , and europe highly vigils against the disease and strengthened preventive measures .
the who 's east mediterranean region adviser hassanal , bush , told the press on the 17th that currently , in cairo , cairo , central egypt , and the southern minia three regions have found the death of the 5dioxin - type bird flu virus , and the relevant department of the egyptian government has begun killing suspected poultry infected with the bird flu .
experts pointed out that egypt is the first country to host migratory migratory migratory migratory migratory birds in the middle east and north africa , and the possibility of bringing the bird flu virus into china is great .
egypt has announced that it has banned the import of live poultry from abroad and has strengthened the quarantine work at the border ports .
the first round of the six - party talks on the korean peninsula nuclear issue was held in the southern part of the state of yaounde , capital of cameroon .
cameroon has decided to temporarily suspend the import of all poultry products and pork from nigeria , where the bird flu epidemic occurred , and temporarily suspend the import of poultry and related products from the markets of the two countries .
the cameroon government has also built a national highway covering the whole of the country within a short period of time , and the national veterinary laboratory is also in an emergency state to be ready for the launching of the zalu - 1 virus laboratory at any time .
in europe , denmark and sweden , the two countries initially ruled out the epidemic on 17 july .
the swedish veterinary institute issued a report on the discovery of the dead geese this wednesday , indicating that swedish geese had no avian flu virus .
the danish national veterinary agency 's initial laboratory results also showed that the 30 dead celestial geese were not infected with the virus in denmark .
however , the agricultural department said that denmark should not take this lightly .
romania , a country with nine bird flu spots in eastern europe , has been hit by the world health organization ( who ) experts on the 17th in bucharest , saying that almost every region in the danube delta region has bird flu . it is necessary to treat this situation seriously , and romania may be threatened by the outbreak of avian influenza in the next three to five years .
in bangladesh , asia , the government has taken all necessary measures to prevent avian influenza .
the government domestic and livestock service bureau ( cda ) has provided the relevant officials with books on the prevention of avian influenza and also organized poultry rearing personnel to conduct training .
( newspaper clippings ) china 's first system of sharing blood information in zhejiang
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to launch a new round of the four - day joint venture in the capital of zhejiang province , the capital of east china 's zhejiang province , according to a report from the center of blood information management and control network of zhejiang province , which is being officially completed and put into operation recently .
the responsible person of the blood center of zhejiang province said that this means that any citizen will be allowed to take blood in any county ( city ) in zhejiang province in the future to participate in the blood donation agency without compensation . he will have a unique code record . when he is making a blood , he will be able to contribute to the blood of the last time of the blood donation of blood to the blood donation codes of the blood of the person .
the responsible person further explained that if the relevant code is imported , the system will show the insolvency of the blood donor is not yet available , and the system will be disqualified from the condition of blood donation this time .
this way of doing things not only can protect the health of the victims themselves , but also can effectively protect the health and safety of the victims .
in addition , when blood supply is tense , the blood donors and their relatives have the right to give priority to the use of blood . as long as they have the valid identification documents of the blood donors , they can immediately show the blood donor information and make it quite convenient .
according to a report by the hangzhou " morning post , " the information system has now been installed in all 36 blood - supply organizations across the province , and the blood resources of all blood - supply organs across the province can also be displayed in real time , realizing the entire province 's data sharing .
to prevent the recurrence of mountain - slope landslide , 11 philippine villages urgently evacuated
manila , february 18 ( xinhua ) philippine government officials said on the 18th that 11 villages in eastern philippines had been trying to prevent the recurrence of similar incidents in mountain bodies .
the official of the southern lisbon province , roosetieth , said that the village had a close relationship with the village on the 17th , which was located in the same area , with similar characteristics .
the 11 villages that were evacuated will be rehoused in seven evacuation centers .
larias said : the government yesterday ordered the withdrawal of residents and sent people to inspect the villages . since some people do not want to leave their homes .
the mountain slope skating incident on 17 may occurred in the southern lyon - site of a village in saint - sodium town in southern lisbon . judging from the television picture , the soil and stone have been concealed in the entire village , and only a few roof can be seen .
since the soil is very thick and humidity is very humidity , people under the lower level can survive very insignificant .
at present , 109 people have been found dead and 57 others have been rescued .
it is estimated that the death toll of the accident may reach 1,800 .
( overseas chinese affairs in overseas chinese ) the quanzhou , southern fujian , the home of overseas chinese , has an increase of 35.22 percent in the first month of this year
fuzhou , february 19 ( xinhua ) the central bank of china ( pudong ) said here today that the country 's export volume in january this year continued to maintain a high growth trend .
according to customs statistics , in january , quanzhou exported 330 million us dollars , the best record in history , up 35.2 percent over the same period last year , higher than the average growth level of the whole province .
according to a analysis by the outsourcing bureau of quanzhou city , the reason why quanzhou 's foreign trade in january was able to grow rapidly was mainly due to the role of several measures to support foreign trade in quanzhou , the enthusiasm of enterprises for export is running high , the business operations of quanzhou are active , the confidence of enterprises is strengthened , and the environment for the development of foreign trade is highly efficient and unimpeded .
