the death toll of the two wanda princess 's corpse of investigation
london , march 6 , 2007
the two sets of records of the dietan princess diana died in paris in 1997 and the computer was released from the former metropolitan police chief 's office .
the report pointed out that this theft has triggered people 's speculation that the computer may have the data that the former metropolitan police chief , sir stenton st. s. st. s. st. vincent , will be in charge of the investigation .
however , a tai metropolitan police station spokesman said that there was no sensitive information in the computer or any related information .
sir stokosta is a senior member of the police agency of northwestern england , and his office is located in the new town of new zealand .
the report said that the nissan police officers had been working in the past 10 days to track two theft cases .
a fire broke out in the weekend between january 28 and 29 , including computers and cash , and the second theft occurred last week , leaving no loss .
the namibian police bureau also said there was no evidence showing the two robbers and the sir stoyanende 's work .
he has been trying to find out the death cause of princess wyers , who is not directly leading the accident .
the royal autoclave officer , brygis , ordered the investigation of the evidence in 2004 .
princess diana , on august 31 , 1997 , died in a bus accident in a paris tunnel . at that time , her husband , faye and the driver , together with her , were killed .
french police have been following two years of investigation , believing that the french police had opened a fast bus after drivers drink driving and take drugs , leading to a tragedy of losing control .
sri lanka 's battle parties agree to hold talks in geneva
afp on the 7th , lun po
the international community should be concerned about the situation in the region , norway said , adding that sri lanka 's war groups agreed to hold talks in geneva on the 22 nd of this month , in order to end the racial bloody conflict that lasted several decades , and it has been suspended for three years .
norwegian peace envoy solheim held a meeting with the tiger group of the turnean liberation tiger in london , which won the breakthrough .
the norwegian embassy in beijing said in a statement that the conflicts between sri lanka and sri lanka were caused by the sri lankan government and the tamil tiger liberation organization , which demanded that the norwegian government help negotiate the armistice in geneva on february 22 .
the two - day talks will focus on how to strengthen the ceasefire agreement to come into force on 23 february 2002 , and this agreement has never been fully observed by both sides .
the norwegian embassy said the two sides will discuss ways to improve the implementation of the cease - fire agreement , which is also the first time that the two sides have held face - to - face talks at such a high level in three years .
solim said he would lead the norwegian team to participate in the negotiations , and four representatives from the tamil tiger group led by baradhan , and the sri lankan government led by health minister .
he said : this is a major step leading to the road of peace . the process of negotiations is expected to be difficult .
before the clash , the two sides held face - to - face talks in japan in march 2003 , but the liberation of the tiger group in tanzania , the country , cancelled the original plan for the seventh round of talks to be held in thailand in april 2003 .
du lin 's north - south korean delegation to join hands in winter olympics
yilley , 10 , afp
the 20 th winter olympics opened in du lin today , during the cold war period , south korea and north korea , both of which were hostile to each other , joined hands in the ceremony .
south korean women 's skating competitor li baola and north korean men 's flower skating competitor han zhengjen were the head of the two teams , leading the north korean team to enter the winter olympic games ground .
this is the olympic representative team between south korea and north korea , and the first time it will join hands in the winter olympics .
to reflect the new situation in which both sides have improved reconciliation and reconciliation in recent years , the 2008 sydney olympic games and the 2004 summer olympics in athens have been held in both south korea and north korea .
north korea did not participate in the first round of the 19 th winter olympics in salt lake city , the united states .
the korean peninsula was split into a capitalist south korean and communist north korea in 1948 , and the two sides signed a korean war from 1950 to 1953 .
north korean leader voguang to hold peace summit in 2000 , and bilateral relations improved .
according to the tradition , the greek team is the first country to take part in the competition , and south korea is the 22 th north korean player , the 23 rd country to be admitted .
the landlord 's national uprising team is the last country to be admitted , and when the rightist team entered the stadium , the audience immediately sounded a warm cheer and applauded with applause .
hefman was lucky to wake up to the challenge
new york , march 16 , 2007
it is universally acknowledged that he is the best hope to win the title of the oscar jam , movie koopha , the champion of the white man , who has been in a cold bloody state , and mike mohman , revealing that he had been unable to extricate himself from drugs and wine when he was little childhood , and that he was fortunately able to successfully catch up with the company before he could set a peak in his performing arts .
in an interview with cbs news magazine 60 minutes old , holman sighed light and sighed that in the period of time , he had resorted to all means to obtain drugs and alcohol .
he did not have a single record of 20 years , and just graduated from the opera department of new york university , and entered a society of five glory . he quickly turned around in his daily life style , and finally turned himself into a head of coma and swollen , losing control .
he entered the city of luke in 22 years old and knocked out the habit of drinking and drug - trafficking there , which was the most panic period in his life .
the upcoming olympic games will be held in oscar , where holman will explain the american author 's role as koopo , the famous movie " the cold blood has been shed , " which he thinks most hopefully will be the best male masters award .
before that , he had already won his superb performance and won many awards .
this 38 - year - old actor said during the visit that if he had not been determined to change the bad habit before becoming a famous , he could not have been nominated by oscar .
he said he envies those 19 years old who suddenly became famous for many years .
bird flu has been found in europe , and people in nigeria are in a state of anxiety
brussels , jan 16 , 2007
the bird flu virus has been found in europe , causing panic .
eu executive committee approves new draft resolution on re - establishment of a regional ban zone , including all areas where the virus is found in the country , and forbids all birds from engaging in biological trading .
the deadly virus found in nigeria is the eighth day of the outbreak , and the epidemic has expanded to more farms .
egyptian officials are investigating a farm in the southern part of the country where chickens were killed in a group attack , which is worried that the virus may continue to spread .
the european chicken market is affected by the virus , a big decline , and the eu executive committee stressed that there is no reason to panic .
the executive council is responsible for the health and food safety council , mr jerry jose , said that the public is concerned about this issue , but there is no need for excessive reaction .
following the virus discovery site 3 km and 10 km of warning area that had been specified , the eu executive committee has also introduced new regulations to completely instill the virus into the cul - ditch area .
a person in the eu who declined to be named pointed out that everyone was nervous and they were all handling the issue of how to spread the epidemic from all parts of europe every day and evening .
so far , austria has a total of seven million german spans , including austria 's grand priest , the german - british leavan legend , ukraine and russia , all in europe , and the h5n1 virus has appeared in the wild geese .
romania found the 31 st case on the 16 th , slovenia 's vow lva , and germany 's rugenan island .
the southern italian city of italy found bird flu virus on two ducks , the first wild geese in the european region , and the first wild geese in the region , which was infected with the virus .
the eu officials are now most concerned about the imminent return of migratory birds from africa .
the government of nigeria is now stepping up its efforts to prevent the spread of the virus in the african continent to humans .
the government of nigeria announced that all the five - kilometer - long bird - fowl birds in areas near infected farms will be destroyed without the threat of the virus .
the government of neighboring countries , niger , announced that the country has entered a state of alert , and has also raised $ 4 million in emergency planning , monitoring and monitoring the border between nigeria and nigeria .
the newly established national emergency committee said that they received a report that under the circumstance of the two countries ' aleas , which had been alerted , nearly 400 birds died .
china 's new regulations on electronic banking business management to be implemented starting 1 march
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will continue to implement a new regulation on the management of the banking sector , according to a report issued by the china banking regulatory commission on february 6 , in 2006 , in order to ensure the safety of the banking sector , the ministry said .
a spokesman for the china banking regulatory commission said that according to the regulations of the management measures , the methods of examination and approval by foreign - funded financial institutions basically remain unchanged , that is , after foreign banks are permitted to operate online banking business , if new types of business are required , the main report and examination bank of the bank should be submitted by the bank in china .
to regulate the business of commercial banks using the internet to develop banking business , the people 's bank of china formulated and promulgated the " provisional procedures on managing internet banking business . "
a spokesman for the china banking regulatory commission said that with the continuous development of the business of commercial banks ' electronic banking business , the provisional procedures cannot meet the requirements of the regulation of electronic banking risk supervision .
according to a spokesman for the china banking regulatory commission , the commission has confirmed the quality of the safety assessment organizations , and the administrative licensing system is different from the administrative licensing of the industry or enterprise access , and is not the essential condition for assessing the business of electronic banking security , but is only used as reference for the financial institutions ' selection and assessment of the institutions .
as long as the safety assessment organization meets the relevant requirements and requirements , even without the approval of the china banking regulatory commission , the financial institution may also engage the company to conduct an electronic banking security assessment , but management should be carried out in accordance with the relevant regulations .
the " procedures for managing electronic banking business " consists of nine chapters and nine chapters , which are divided into four categories : general application , exchange of data on management of risk management , transfer management of outdated business , management of cross - border business activities , management of enterprise management , and others .
the " guidelines on assessing the safety of electronic banks " consists of five chapters and 57 articles , which are divided into five categories : general assessment , safety assessment , management and supplementary provisions of the implementation of safety assessment activities by cote d ' o'brien .
the " mao zedong zhou enlai liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping theory on investigation and research " published
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the " selected works of mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , deng xiaoping , and chen yun " , which was compiled by the central party literature research center , recently was published and distributed by the central party literature publishing house .
and conduct in - depth investigations and studies , and persist in combining theory with practice , so as to formulate and implement the correct line , principles , and policies , which are the basic experiences and basic methods of the cpc in leading the construction of revolutionary contingents and equipment .
mao zedong 's works , liu shaoqi , zhu xun , deng xiaoping , and other revolutionaries of the older generation , made many important and brilliant expositions on the issue of investigation and research , and they often went deep into the grass - roots level to conduct social surveys and write many research reports .
the practice and results of their investigation and study are of great significance to guiding the cause of the party and the people to develop along the correct road .
the " mao zedong zhou enlai liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping theory on investigation and study " was divided into three parts : the first part was the argument of mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation on investigation and research , and the second part was the epitome of the survey and research by mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation . the third part was the three investigation groups dispatched by mao zedong and liu shaogi in the early 1960 s
most of these surveys were published for the first time .
in addition , two articles on the " three represents " were also published in the last 50 s and 60 s .
russia reiterates its one - china policy
moscow , february 6 ( xinhua ) russian deputy foreign minister alekseyev met with chinese ambassador to russia liu guchang on the 6th , and reiterated that russia adheres to the one - china stand .
alekseyev said that russia has noticed chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence .
the russian government has consistently upheld the one - china principle and firmly supported china 's efforts to realize the great cause of national reunification .
last year , the chinese national people 's congress passed the " anti - secession law , " and russia took the lead in openly expressing support .
alekseyev said that the russian foreign ministry will issue a statement as soon as possible , reiterating the one - china stand and opposing the formosa .
china : us official says china 's policy to be ' serious '
johannesburg , february 6 ( xinhua ) the china southern african country 's top legislator lin yixing , who is a chinese citizen , was killed in a local bar in the early morning of february 5 local time , and was robbed by local militants . he died in the south african capital of burundi on the early morning of the 6th after being rescued and killed .
according to feng yang , president of the chinese people 's federation of free states , the incident occurred in werkovski city , 130 kilometers northwest of burundi .
at that time , the owner of the shop , lin yixing , picked up the items inside the bar and prepared to close the business day .
at this time , three customers in the shop were pulling a gun into the bar station and robbing it .
lin yixing , who was over 40 years old , fought with the robbers . the robbers fired a gun at lin yixing and fled afterwards .
the local people who rushed to the scene after hearing the news sent lin yixing to the hospital for treatment . because of the full body of lin yixing , the leak leak disease was cured , which was not the only one , died around 3 : 30 a. m . on 6 february .
on 6 february , xu defu , general manager of the chinese consulate general in jose , and wang guangya , vice chairman of the south african association of chinese people 's association of fujian , and others rushed to burundi to help the family of the deceased deal with the aftermath .
lin yixing became the first person to be killed by the kidnappers within 36 hours and was also the first chinese to be killed in south africa this year .
shanghai : double - dealing personnel , college graduates become working masters
beijing , february 7 ( xinhua ) the labor and social security bureau of shanghai issued the latest price of labor and social security for the year 2006 , with a total of 120 jobs , 11 more than the previous year , and the original price of wages rose and dropped .
according to a relevant expert of the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau , currently , shanghai 's working personnel have exceeded 1 million people .
according to a report in the " china youth daily , " college graduates and part - time personnel are the major components of the team .
through the investigation of nearly 8,000 hours of work , more than half of the personnel are part - time personnel , and the proportion of them is 51.1 percent .
the cultural level of part - time workers is generally higher , and they are mainly engaged in highly technical work , such as translation and part - time personnel , as high as 81.79 percent , and 61.6 percent of fitness .
high income is a result of many people working in the same job .
it is understood that the monthly income of individual posts can reach tens of thousands yuan , and it will be difficult to seek , just like transmitting the sound , and the monthly income of an hour can reach more than 2,000 yuan or more , such as concurrent finance minister mascot .
and to satisfy their own interests , and expand their knowledge , they are also an important reason for their excellent working hours .
for example , when a company is in charge of human resources , he will take a few hours a week to deal with the financial accounts of a foreign business representative office .
mr koo said that the biggest part - time benefit was to keep his knowledge updated and to have the opportunity to involve another field , of course , the income of 2000 yuan per month also has a certain degree of attraction .
as some hours of job opportunities are low , the working style is flexible and free , and is gradually being favored by many graduates who are now on job seeking , and 14percent of them are graduates of secondary and tertiary education who have been working for nearly three years .
i was not at the beginning i wanted to do an hour , but i felt that it was five hours after i went to work in the evening of 9 th and 5 th of the dprk .
after graduating from college - graduate huang , he did not find the job as he was doing . in the end , he hung his name in a guesthouse and used a piano to play music with a background .
i am quite satisfied with my work now , and i am in a very good environment for one hour . what i am going to do now is to find a few hours of work .
it is understood that the work of an hour has become a work experience accumulated by some graduates who are currently working as well as their skills , and their skills improved .
the graduates do an hour job , mainly in the knowledge and skills fields , such as professional skills , job opportunities , and job opportunities , the time - honored ones , and the proportion of the graduates are 22.1 % and 26.8 % .
job - related skills required for hours are not high , such as food promotion , sales worker , etc. , and unemployed personnel can take up jobs through simple training .
the number of employees in the industry is only about 39.9 percent , of whom the retail industry is a large proportion of unemployed people .
wu bangguo inspects anhui province
beijing , february 8 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will continue to work with the international community to enhance the quality of the people 's congress , and to strengthen the work of the people 's congress standing committee , wu bangguo , chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) , said here today
from 6 to 8 february , wu bangguo went to wuyang mountain wuhu , wuhu , and other places to go deep into enterprises ' rural scientific research institutes and institutes of higher learning to inspect their agricultural research institutes .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui has the advantages of linking xiliang village with beiyun in the east and is an important agricultural district in china . it has rich natural resources , a relatively good industrial base , a strong scientific and technological force , and a strong cultural and tourist resources .
anhui should firmly seize the important opportunity of promoting the rise of central china , always persist in the central task of economic construction , and seriously implement the central authorities ' guidelines and policies in close connection with anhui 's actual conditions , creatively carry out work , and implement the scientific development concept in concrete measures and in practical work .
we should sum up practical experience in a timely manner , fully rely on the masses , vigorously support reform and innovation , and constantly open up a new situation in anhui 's work .
we should actively promote the building of a harmonious society , and persistently do a good job in maintaining and developing the fundamental interests of the broadest masses of the people as the starting point and end - result of all our work , actively create conditions , gradually resolve the practical problems of the masses , gradually change the urban - rural relationship , gradually narrow the regional gap , and safeguard and realize social fairness and justice so that all the people can share the fruits of reform and development .
wu bangguo stressed : china has reached the stage of development that we must rely more on strengthening our ability to innovate independently and improving the quality of laborers to promote economic and social development . only by vigorously advancing scientific and technological progress and innovation can we achieve a leap in the quality of productive forces and push economic and social development to a scientific development track .
we should establish and improve as soon as possible a system and mechanism conducive to innovation , increase investment in science and technology , encourage patent inventions , develop famous brands , speed up the transformation of scientific and technological achievements into actual productive forces , strengthen enterprises ' status as the main body in independent innovation , and constantly increase the contribution rate of scientific and technological progress to economic growth .
we should support and encourage the participation of key technological elements in distribution , and establish and improve a system of statistics and indexes that reflect our ability to innovate , and study and formulate policies for supporting independent innovation in fiscal and government procurement , and form a policy system that encourages independent innovation .
we should cultivate a sense of innovation in society , vigorously advocate the spirit of daring to innovate and boldly compete , and make efforts to create a good atmosphere for talented people coming forth in large numbers .
wu bangguo pointed out : in ruling the country according to law and building a socialist country ruled by law , the npc has played an increasingly important role .
to do a good job in the work of the people 's congresses under the new situation , first , we should adhere to the correct political direction , unswervingly follow the path of socialist political development with chinese characteristics , and organically integrate upholding the party 's leadership with the people 's masters of their own affairs and governing the country according to law .
second , we should closely focus on the overall situation of the work of the party and the state , closely focus on major issues in reform , development , and stability , and work closely around hot and difficult issues of common concern to the masses to constantly enhance the actual results of the work of the people 's congresses .
third , we should give play to the characteristics and advantages of the npc work , adhere to democratic centralism , handle affairs according to the procedures , and decide problems with the collective .
we should adhere to the mass line , take people as the foundation , exercise power for the people , have the people 's feelings , and work for the people 's interests .
china 's scientific research plan for next 15 years
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will continue to strengthen its efforts to enhance china 's international competitiveness , promote sustainable development and achieve key leaps , according to the state council 's " outline for the national medium and long - term scientific and technological development plan ( 2006 - 2020 ) " .
the four major scientific plans are the research results of protein research , the research on the regulation and control of corona , and the research on development and reproduction .
the program pointed out that protein science is the life science commanding height currently in which developed countries are competing with each other in a fierce battle .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on studying the converting of major biological systems , and the study of the structure of the rock - acum - acum structure of the lacoopathy , and the biology and system biology and protein research , which are based on the corrosion of protein , and other relevant applied research .
the outline also believes that research on quantum control and control has a clear - cut perspective and may produce a negative impact on the development of human society and economy by 20-30 .
china should focus on studying the carriers and the principles and methods of regulation and control of quantum communications , calculating the measurement of measurement , and accepting the new quantitative effect of the limited quantum system , and the new principles and new technological basis for measurement of the functions of the microelectronics control system .
in addition , the program pointed out that nanometer technology has become a strategic choice for many countries to enhance their core competitiveness , and is also one of the areas that china is expected to achieve leap - style development .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on research in this field , including the production of nanometer materials , the manufacture of compound , the establishment and function of the assembly , the nimax genome biology and nanometer medicine , the specification and measurement of nanometer materials , and the use of nanotechnology in energy environment , and the application of information technology , etc.
china 's population growth is large , there are many defects in birth , there is serious shortage of transplant organs , and the aging peak is imminent , so it is urgent that the breakthroughs in reproductive and development scientific theories and technological innovations are needed .
according to the outline , china will focus on the growth of stem cells and the regulation and control of leukemia , the maturity of genetic cells , the depression and retreat of human reproductive functions , and the safety of reproductive and stem cells .
shanghai 's housing price dropped by nearly 7 percentage points last year
shanghai , february 9 ( xinhua ) the number of people in the state 's macro - control policy on the real estate industry in 2005 has been significantly enhanced in shanghai .
according to the latest data released , last year all indicators of shanghai 's real estate industry all dropped or slowed down .
the increase in residential housing prices dropped 6.6 percentage points from the previous year , while the real estate industry 's added value dropped 4.1 percent from the previous year .
pan jian , director of the shanghai municipal bureau of statistics , said at a press conference that in 2005 , the average sales price of shanghai 's residential properties will be 698 yuan per square meter , an increase of 313 yuan over 2004 .
the price of residential housing rose 9.2 percent from the previous year , with the increase rate falling 6.6 percentage points from the same period last year .
the added value of the real estate industry for the whole year was 670.23 billion yuan , down 4.1 percent from the previous year .
in the balance of loans by financial institutions , the balance of personal mortgage loans was 264.494 - billion yuan , and the increase was only 9.94 - billion yuan , compared with 728.09 - billion yuan in the 2004 increase in loans .
pan jianxin said : judging from the shanghai real estate sales prices for the whole year , the prices of commercial housing sales have been steadily declining .
the statistics also show that according to the latest data , in 2005 , the real estate price increase in shanghai will drop somewhat , and the average sales price of residential housing will be 698 yuan / square meters , 313 yuan higher than that of 2004 .
the price of housing for the whole year of 2005 will rise 9.7 percent over the previous year , and the rate of increase will drop 6.2 percentage points from the previous year .
he said : last year , shanghai municipality completed a total of 124.668 - billion yuan of investment in real estate development , an increase of 6.1 percent over the previous year .
the sales area of 315.87 million square meters dropped by 9.5 percent .
the total sales of commercial properties amounted to 21.6133 billion yuan , down 4.5 percent from the previous year .
two light aircraft crashed in new zealand
wellington , february 9 ( xinhua ) two light aircraft of new zealand arrived in wellington , about 100 kilometers north of wellington , capital of new zealand , on the 9th , killing two students of the flight academy .
according to a relevant responsible person of the local civil aviation department , the two pilots on board were all members of the flight academy of the marseille university . they were also trained and had not obtained any flight license .
when the incident occurred , two planes were in a non - air control zone . according to regulations , pilots should be able to respond to aircraft 's navigation and safety while flying in such a zone .
a witness at the scene of the incident told the new zealand media that he heard a huge explosion while the plane collided and saw the plane crashed into the ground .
another witnesses also confirmed that the plane had heard a huge explosion before the plane crashed and saw a plane wreckage falling .
the reason for the collision is not clear , the local civil aviation department will conduct an investigation into this .
argentina 's overseas chinese condemn chen shui - bian 's remarks
xinhua news agency , buenos aires , february 8 ( reporter cao yu ) a delegation of overseas chinese and ethnic chinese residing in argentina issued a solemn statement on the 8th , strongly condemning chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence , and opposing any attempt to separate taiwan from china .
the statement said that chen shui - bian said in his speech on 29 january that he would abolish the nuc and the national unification guidelines of the national unification council and the national unification guidelines of taiwan , and that this was another step taken in the effort to boost taiwan independence .
compatriots on both sides of the strait are longing for peace and the desire of taiwan compatriots for peace and stability and development will face severe challenges .
the statement pointed out that resolutely opposing and curbing taiwan independence separatist activities and safeguarding peace and stability in the taiwan strait region remains the most urgent task for compatriots on both sides of the strait and chinese people all over the world .
the statement stressed that the argentine association for promoting china 's peaceful reunification is willing to exchange views with all overseas chinese and ethnic chinese in argentina who uphold the one - china principle , resolutely oppose all forms of taiwan independence , and actively promote china 's peaceful reunification .
prc expert : us preaching military threat against china
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will continue to support the development of the u.s. economy , and will continue to support the development of the economy , said a report on the " four - year defense evaluation report " which was formally submitted to congress on february 9 , 2005 .
experts believe that this is a groundless accusation against china 's normal national defense construction , and plays up the chinese military threat theory , which is an interference in china 's internal affairs .
the " report on the evaluation of defense in four years " is a new document of national defense guiding significance for the pentagon .
this 92 - page report uses three parts of the report on china 's military strength and the ways the united states should take to deal with it , which directly mentioned 15 times the ' six - party talks ' of china or the laccia china , and said that as a major and emerging power , china has the potential to engage in military competition with the united states . if the united states does not adopt countermeasures , china may very likely develop military superiority , thus breaking the traditional us military superiority .
the director of the world military studies department of the chinese academy of military sciences yao yunzhu said that although senior us officials have repeatedly expressed similar viewpoints , this is the first time that the united states has proposed in its national defense strategy report that china is the emerging big power that may most likely pose a military challenge to the united states .
this report will clearly define the role of russia as a newly emerging strategic opponent , especially the so - called military threat against china , as a matter of concern .
peng guangqian , research fellow of the chinese academy of military sciences ,
what merits attention is that in the " report on the review of defense in four years , " us president bush also submitted to congress a report on the government budget for the fiscal year 2007 , including a defense budget of $ 43.3 - billion .
if we add the new measures to carry out military operations in iraq and afghanistan , the us national defense budget for fiscal 2007 will exceed $ 500 - billion , setting a historic high , and peng guangqian said that the level of " the united states is almost equivalent to the total military spending of all other countries in the world . "
peng guangqian said : the united states ' guessing of the theory of the ' leprosy of other countries ' reflects the consistent style of creating an enemy 's fury , and its real purpose is to strive for more national defense funds and to obtain more profits for the huge us arms industry group .
experts say that compared with the huge us military spending , china 's defense spending is quite limited .
he has participated in many times the compilation of china 's national defense white paper deng hongzhou said : since the 1990 's , with economic development , china 's national defense expenditures have increased somewhat , but the proportion of national defense expenditures in the same period has generally declined .
official figures show that compared with 1979 , china 's national defense expenditures accounted for a lower proportion of the state 's fiscal expenditures for the same period of the year .
china 's defense spending for 2005 will be 244.656 billion yuan , only one - fourth of the us military spending , and the per capita national military spending will be about one - sixth that of the united states , and the per capita military spending is about one - thirds of the us military .
the land area of the united states and china 's territory are generally fairly large , but the difference in military spending is so huge . who 's military power that exceeds the normal defense needs . this is self - evident .
peng guangqian said :
the chinese side is willing to strengthen cooperation with the us side in the fields of arms control and disarmament , and to make joint efforts to promote the healthy development of sino - us military relations .
the " white paper on china 's national defense " for 2004 said : china firmly follows the path of peaceful development and practices a defensive national defense policy .
china has not been able to do anything in the future , nor will it pose a threat to any country .
so far , china has not established military bases in any other country , nor has it sent a single soldier to other countries , and the united states has more than 100 military bases overseas , and has deployed more than 100,000 troops in asia alone .
zhu feng , professor at the beijing university 's international relations college , said : china and the united states should increase communication and exchanges through the established channels , enhance understanding and mutual trust , comprehensively promote the constructive and cooperative relations between china and the united states in the new century , and jointly promote the maintenance of world peace and development .
( winter olympics ) turin winter olympics opens
dushin , february 9 ( xinhua ) the 20 th winter olympic games will be held in the western part of the country at 8 : 00 p.m . local time on the 10th .
on the 9th , the organizing committee of the turin winter olympic games disclosed to reporters the brilliant arrangements for the opening ceremony .
regarding the opening ceremony , the organizing committee chairman carlos tirani was full of confidence . he said at the press conference that the opening ceremony , which lasted more than 10 - million euros , had a collection of top italian talent from all walks of life .
he said : the night of 10 july will be unforgettable . at that time , 350,000 viewers and viewers of television around 2 - billion will see the successful opening ceremony of the great awakening of the great awakening .
the flames of intense emotions , the resplendent , the brightest - shaped pigeons , the white snow and milk cows of the alps will appear at the opening ceremony , introducing the director 's alma lumnus , and italy 's talent will become the main theme of the opening ceremony , and he will show people the longest talent of italy .
the famous italian designer amani specially designed clothes for the opening ceremony , famous italian fashion brand , morgan , will present a new opportunity for the athletes ' attendance .
however , the famous italian male louis pavarotti will sing a song of a high song at the opening ceremony , and the organizing committee will keep this suspense in the end .
eight people who can spray flames will use three meters of glimpse flames to show the loud of fire , and they will use the speed of 70 km to shuttle around the venue .
officials of the organizing committee believe that this is the most satisfactory creation in their opening ceremony .
regarding how to ignite the main torch , the organizing committee did not reveal it ahead of time , but the main torch tower , which is 57 meters high , will illuminate the turf and residents on the nearby alps ' hill .
white house announces bush 's planned visit to pakistan and india
washington , february 9 ( xinhua ) the united states will continue to support the establishment of a new international political and economic order , said white house spokesman mcclellan here today .
mclellan said that bush is looking forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he also said that he is making arrangements for this visit .
mclellan made the above remarks when he held various demonstrations in pakistan to protest against the desperation of the islamic predecessor mohammed .
in january this year , bush met with pakistani prime minister aziz at the white house , and both sides expressed their willingness to strengthen friendly cooperation to jointly crack down on terrorism that endangers the security of the two countries .
bush also said that at the invitation of the pakistan and india governments , he will pay a visit to pakistan and india in march .
hamas 's cabinet seeks new solution
ramma , february 9 ( xinhua ) the hamas cabinet has been formed to seek a breakthrough
xinhua news agency , beijing , by wang hao and huang
the palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) won the election of the legislative council , how to draw a new government blueprint has become the focus of attention in the international community .
what kind of new policy will hamas pursue will directly affect the relevant parties in the peace process in their next policy direction .
at the same time , the us and israel 's boycotting attitude has added variables to the prospects of the hamas government .
at present , all parties in palestine are stepping up consultations to discuss the difficulties and sensitive points in the formation of a cabinet that will affect future developments .
the prime minister 's post has been flowing down , and who has lost his job ?
after hamas obtained the right to form the cabinet , some people outside the world are worried that the prime minister 's vague might have differences with the current top leader abbas .
moreover , hamas leader mahathir , who is visiting egypt , stressed that the new palestinian government led by hamas would not recognize israel , and this tough signal has aggravated international concern .
the united states and israel have explicitly expressed their refusal to accept a hamas government that has the real power , and threatened to cut off their economic aid to palestine and to transfer the tax to palestine .
however , this does not prevent hamas from making flexible strategic adjustments , and the election of an independent person is a compromise .
it is reported that in order to obtain international recognition to the maximum , the hamas leaders at home and abroad , who have gathered in egypt , decided to select an independent member of the board of directors of the qamdo islamic university , jahrhadi , to become the new prime minister .
this move has not yet received the response of the parties concerned .
palestinian analyst hussein said that no matter who will be in the prime minister 's office , the most important thing is that the prime minister should try his best to lessen the hard - line color of hamas , only in this way can he guarantee the success of the cabinet .
how to distribute power
internally , the biggest challenge facing the hamas cabinet is that it lacks sufficient experience in governance .
the palestinian daily newspaper carried an analysis saying that hamas , through social welfare projects , has gathered together people 's morale , but in the aspect of governance , it lacks experience and has a close relationship with the palestinian national liberation movement ( fatah ) , which has the experience in governing .
after the election , hamas proposed establishing political partnership with fatah and jointly forming a national coalition government , but fatah has not given a positive response to this .
at present , there is no difference between the opinion of fatah in the cabinet , and one faction advocates participating in the new government , so as to do something , while the other faction refuses to accept hamas 's invitation . it is willing to actively disclose the opposition parties in the legislative council .
the informed sources pointed out that under abbas 's advice , fatah gradually inclined to join the new government .
even so , the two sides will also exchange views on the distribution of cabinet posts .
in addition , another way is to organize a legislative council framework to break away from the alliance of parties .
it is reported that hamas has also designed a clean and expert - like government , but the specific list is unknown .
in view of the attitude of the united states and israel , the technology expert - type government will not lose sight of the form of forming a cabinet to reduce external pressure .
according to the provisions of the basic law of palestine , after the new legislative council takes office on 16 june , the work of nominating the prime minister and forming the cabinet will be completed within three to five weeks .
how should the armed forces go ?
the weapons in hamas are another major thorny issue confronting the new government .
the united states and israel have adopted a very tough attitude , and resolutely demanded that hamas abandon violence and reject the use of guns to participate in politics .
hamas leader mahmoud ahmar stressed on 9 april that armed resistance is the strategic choice of the organization .
armed issues actually include the legality of weapons and the management of the armed forces .
hamas 's election through democratic and free means the election of the first major party of the legislative council has been acknowledged internationally , and the likewise , the way to legalize its subordinate armed factions is to unify them into the government 's security organs .
hamas once proposed to unify the various factions into a palestinian national authority , but it did not receive a general response , and was also opposed by the palestinian islamic jihad organization ( jaswant ) .
palestine currently has more than 60,000 security personnel , most of which come from the fatah camp .
moreover , fatah has some members of the armed factions that have loosened their organizational relations , such as the " great army of the chinese army " of the marxist martyrs ' brigades of armisa , and so on .
hamas , who is responsible for forming the cabinet , must have a consensus with abbas on how to manage these armed forces that are independent of their own , and reasonably distribute the authority for security management .
according to local media reports , abbas intends to take charge of security and intelligence units , police and civil defense organizations , and other organizations , but they are managed by the interior ministry of the new government .
however , all parties are still holding consultations on this sensitive issue , and so far there is no further report .
china issues polar investigation report
beijing , february 10 ( xinhua ) china 's marine bureau of the people 's republic of china ( prc ) recently issued the " report on china 's polar exploration in 2005 , " which is the first time that china has issued such a report since the launch of the polar scientific research drive more than 20 years ago .
the " report " comprehensively reflects the characteristics of the polar scientific research activity in china in 2005 , the most advanced scientific research project in logistics support , and the results of the scientific research .
according to the records of the " report , " the " report " was published in beijing at 2:15 hours on 9 january 2005 . the china antarctic ice inspection team successfully landed on the high - altitude land ice - covered area in the antarctic inland , and decided at 3:15 on 18 january ( beijing time ) the height of the " ice - sky " reached 4093 meters .
under the increasingly fierce international polar field observation stage , chinese people are as strong as their will and dauntless spirit , and are bold in opening up new fields . first , they have conducted a study on the most elevated area of the south glacier , and have achieved success in one stroke , thus realizing another dream of mankind in the antarctic .
sun zhihui , director of the state oceanic administration ,
the " report " shows that on 24 march 2005 , the 21 st antarctic expedition team of china successfully completed its mission and returned to shanghai . the current inspection tour lasted 1,51 days and 2,6500 nautical miles .
on 18 november of the same year , the 22 nd china antarctic expedition team left shanghai and went to the antarctic zhongshan station to conduct scientific research activities . it will leave the zhongshan station and pass through australia by the end of february 2006 .
since it was the first polar investigation report issued by china , the " 2005 china polar inspection report " also set a new demand on the development of china 's polar exploration undertaking , which started in the early 1980 s .
according to the " report , " china formally joined the " antarctic treaty " in 1983 and became a member of the organization of the antarctic treaty . in 1983 , china successively became the most influential member of the international organization for international affairs , including the council of directors of the south pole science research committee , which was held in succession by the south pole treaty consultation conference .
in 1997 , china became a member of the arctic science committee and won the right to speak and decision - making power in international polar affairs .
the " report " points out that over the past 20 years , china 's polar expedition has grown from scratch to nothing , and has developed continuously . the formation of a single ship at the three major stations , namely , the north pole scientific research system , which was established in february 1985 , the south pole tower established in february 1989 , and the beijiao polar station , which was set up in july 2004 , and the extremely large - scale operation of the liangan
according to the " report , " by the end of 2005 , china has organized 22 antarctic scientific research projects , including two such research projects as the xulong mountain station , which is the longest - carried ship , to inspect the beijiao river station , and so far more than 3,000 inspection personnel have been sent to the site to inspect the arctic 's arctic research center .
currently , we are working on the establishment of the third antarctic observation station , and is also china 's first antarctic inland inland inspection station .
sun zhihui said :
after more than 20 years of efforts , china 's polar exploration has made great progress in the world 's polar exploration , but it is far from being able to do with other major polar countries . we must take the lead in catching up with the head .
he said .
sun zhihui revealed that china will publish an polar investigation report every year in the future .
castro meets chinese president
havana , february 10 ( xinhua ) the president of the council of state of cuba met with a chinese state councilor chen zhili , who is on a visit to cuba , on the 10th . both sides expressed their willingness to constantly strengthen mutually beneficial cooperation in education , science and technology , and other fields .
president castro warmly welcomed president chen zhili 's visit to cuba .
he said : cuba - china relations are very friendly , with frequent high - level visits , which have effectively promoted and strengthened the friendship and mutual understanding between the two countries , and hoped that the two countries will continually deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in various fields , including education and science and technology .
chen said that cuba is a major country in latin america and the caribbean region .
the friendship and exchanges between the chinese and cuban peoples date back to ancient times .
cuba is the first latin american country to establish diplomatic relations with new china .
after entering the new century , with the concern and promotion of the leaders of the two countries , the two countries have deepened their political mutual trust , expanded their areas of cooperation , and supported and coordinated with each other in international affairs . sino - cuban friendly relations have entered a new period of all - round development .
she believed that with the joint efforts of both sides , sino - cuban friendly cooperation will surely produce more fruitful results .
chen also pointed out that the chinese government has always attached importance to the exchange and cooperation with cuba in the educational field .
in recent years , the two countries have increasingly enhanced educational exchanges and frequent personnel contacts .
china actively supports the international conference held by cuba and has sent delegations to attend various world higher education conferences and the 2005 anti - illiteracy conference .
cuba 's basic education is very high , and it is hoped that relevant experience will be further strengthened in the future .
chen said that china and cuba have made great progress in scientific research and development , and that they can achieve mutual benefit and win - win results through cooperation in various fields .
this time , the chinese side has helped cuba with some scientific research equipment , hoping to play a positive role in cuba 's scientific research and production .
she also briefed castro on china 's strategy of rejuvenating the country through science and education and the national science and technology conference .
chen arrived here on sunday for a four - day visit to cuba at the invitation of the cuban government .
during this period , chen zhili met with vilino , minister of the cuban ministry of higher education , and inspected the university of science of havana , professor of science of science , and st maria primary school .
the explosion occurred on the beijing - kazakhstan highway , with some roads closed .
harbin , february 11 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will continue to implement the " three - dimensional " plan of the state council on february 10 , when a tanker leak out of 58 kilometers of the beijing - ha highway , causing the closure of some sections of the road .
according to the police of the shuangcheng city public security bureau traffic police group , at about 2300 on 10 april , three car - collision incidents occurred at 58 kilometers of beijing - ha highway . a motorized motorcycle and a oil tank crashed together . the oil tank body formed a cracks , and the waste oil fluttering inside flowed onto the road .
it is understood that the oil tank truck carrying waste oil after producing coke .
because of the high concentration of waste oil , and fearing that flames might occur in the past vehicles , the departments concerned have closed the roads at the scene .
the road was closed to some roads in harbin 's shuangcheng . many vehicles bypassed .
at present , relevant departments are screening the scene , and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
( hong kong , macau , taiwan ) hutchison whampoa announced that it has delayed its listing on the stock market
hong kong , february 11 ( xinhua ) the delayed implementation of the flag of the company , 3-3 , is scheduled for march 11 , 1999 , according to the report .
and the president of the huanghe group , mr huen , said that although the listing of all relevant supervisory institutions has been approved by all the companies concerned , the listing procedures must be completed within a few weeks .
at the same time , the current market in europe is weak , and the market may not give a lump sum to italy at this moment .
in view of the fact that the shareholders have the greatest interest in obtaining the shares , the decision has been delayed .
as for when to issue shares again to be listed on the stock market , henry fok said that it would depend on the future market of the european telecommunications market .
he said : from now on to the time of another stock offering , italy needs to launch a wide range of investors educational activities to help the global telecommunications investment market understand more clearly the strong performance and favorable prospects of the lyrics .
according to media reports , the world 's richest man , the investment bank , one of the world 's top coordinate persons , has agreed to sell its shares of 10 percent , in the form of private sale , 1,09 percent of its shares , and the transaction is expected to be completed by the end of march this year .
china , myanmar to further develop economic ties
yangon , february 12 ( xinhua ) the chinese ambassador to myanmar tuwood and economic and commercial counselor tang hai , accompanied by myanmar prime minister soe win , said in an exclusive interview on the eve of his visit to china on the 14 th that the economic and trade relations between china and myanmar have now shown a good situation of enriched content , varied form , and mutually beneficial development .
ambassador guan mu said : the friendly relations of cooperation between china and myanmar , which have been established on the basis of the five principles of peaceful coexistence , have been consolidated and developed in recent years . exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been expanded and deepened with each passing day , and economic and trade relations between the two countries have been constantly expanded and strengthened .
counselor tang said that the high - level visits between the two countries have effectively promoted the development of bilateral economic and trade cooperation .
the two countries have exchanged views on the implementation of 33 economic and trade cooperation documents during the 2004 high - level visits , most of which are being implemented and implemented .
he said : in 2004 , the amount of us $ 11.4 - billion , and $ 12.09 - billion in 2005 , of which china 's exports and imports amounted to $ 935 - million , and $ 274 - million .
last year , china 's yunnan and myanmar 's trade ( including border trade ) amounted to 630 - million us dollars , up 14.6 percent from the year before .
tang said that myanmar has become a major source of chinese enterprises ' contracted project , and china 's major projects in myanmar include power station , huansi wharf and factory ( such as sugar - coated processing plant , tucement factory , etc. ) .
chinese enterprises have launched engineering businesses in burma , leading to the export of all types of mechanical and electrical products in china , and myanmar has become one of the important markets for china 's complete sets of equipment and mechanical products .
according to statistics of the chinese customs , in the past five years , the export of mechanical and electronic products has accounted for about 45.5 percent of china 's total exports to myanmar .
tang also said that myanmar is rich in resources and china has started to invest in myanmar 's oil , natural gas , copper , and other resources development projects , and there is great potential for the development of sino - myanmar economic and trade cooperation .
he hoped that chinese enterprises will have a long - term view , learn to avoid risks , and make prudent decisions , and establish a good image of enterprises , so that they will ensure quality and quantity , and strive for glory for the country .
ambassador guan mu and counselor tang hai - zan both held that premier soe win 's upcoming official visit to china is a major event in bilateral relations this year , and is of great significance to enhancing political mutual trust , promoting bilateral cooperation , and promoting the further development of sino - burmese good - neighborly and friendly relations .
it is expected that the two sides will sign several documents on economic and trade cooperation during the visit .
world bank plans to reduce or waive poorest debts
moscow , february 11 ( xinhua ) world bank president wolfowitz said in moscow on the 11th that the world bank will completely eliminate the debts of the poorest countries by the middle of this year .
wolfowitz and his entourage arrived in moscow on the same day to attend the g - 8 finance ministers ' meeting .
in a statement issued after the meeting , he said that the world bank will implement the debt relief plan before 1 july this year , and the world bank is now completing all technical work .
last year , the world bank donor countries completely eliminated the debts owed by 28 countries and said they would fill the funds for the relevant trust funds .
the imf 's creditor 's rights are relatively small , and the imf has started to reduce or waive debts by the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz 's decision to exempt debts from 16 african countries from russia .
the kao - qing digital television gradually became the mainstream in the united states
new york , february 12 ( xinhua ) with the increase in the number of high - resolution digital television sets ( cra ) prices are continually declining and the market is expanding , the us tv transmission organizations have also stepped up their efforts to introduce corresponding high - altitude tv programs .
the us superbow , which has just fallen on the ground , has become the most important player in the american broadcasting industry to welcome the tv era of gao qing .
according to a recent report by the financial times , the us congress recently passed a bill stipulating that the american broadcasting industry must stop broadcasting the current simulated television signals on 17 february 2009 , and only send digital signals .
this means that the full digitalization of the us tv program has already set a clear timetable .
high resolution digital television should be popularized on the one hand by consumers , on the other hand , by producing institutions .
although digital tv has been repeatedly mentioned in the past few years , it has never been a reality .
this issue has taken a turn for the better this year .
according to the forecast of the american consumer electronics association , the sales volume of digital television sets will exceed traditional tv sets this year , and 85.0 percent of the digital tv sets are high - resolution products .
japanese researchers develop new highly efficient kidney - flu
tokyo , february 13 ( xinhua ) the research personnel of the east china sea university of japan have developed a biological kidney - making kidney , which is not only in line with human kidney 's disability , but also has the function of preserving the function of material ingredients . moreover , it is small in size and easy to transplant . with the in - depth research , it is expected that the patients with kidney diseases will be able to have a forensation .
according to a report by the " nikkeizai industrial news " a few days ago , the newly developed bioman - made kidney is mainly composed of a group of artistes who filter the traces of waste and water from the blood , and the part is the re - entry of the original sturdy , urine , and methane patients with blood returned to the hospital with their family components , such as urine , urine , and tube .
the human kidney - making agent , the agent - made urine , was made by the skin wire , and the head of the body of the agate was filled with the function of discharging the waste .
this kind of hose cells can enable the disease to be tested in a continuous , continuous , and solid , interrelated , transformative , and transformable , as a result of material separation into amino acid and blood , and at the same time , it can also enable the body 's acid , its body , and its material , to enter the blood .
the past human kidney relies on the pressure of penetration to filter the filter of waste , and cannot completely remove it , and does not have the ability to retreat the functions of making amino acid and other elements to the blood .
researchers have used the sheep to carry out biomedical transplant experiments , and the cliff in the midair space ribbon line uses pig cells .
two weeks later , researchers confirmed that human kidney had been able to function .
at present , they are developing and using the biological human kidney cell , and will play a positive role in clinical research after verification of its safety .
china 's power safety industry still faces severe challenges
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the state power supervision and management commission ( sic ) said on the 13th that although the overall situation of power safety production remains stable in 2005 , the production of power safety remains to be facing severe challenges .
vice president of the state power supervision commission shi yubo said at the fifth national meeting of the national committee for the production of power safety ( expanded ) held here that china 's overall power safety production in 2005 was stable , and the task of electric power supply was fulfilled successfully , and power supply was fulfilled , and the incoming of natural disasters was actively dealt with , so as to basically ensure the safe and stable operation of the power system , and the power safety production equipment and general power network accident and
however , he pointed out that as the situation of power supply and demand and the large number of newly - built power generating units continue to be put into operation , the production of power safety will face new challenges .
these challenges include regional fragmentary disorders , lack of electricity , and supply in some areas , and the situation of power supply and demand remains rather tight , and the power supply remains relatively serious because the benign mechanism for power supply has not yet taken shape . at the same time , the problem of the drop in coal quality has not been effectively controlled , and the stable operation of power generating units will seriously affect the stability of the power grid structure , the old equipment , and the situation
shi said that with the deepening of the reform of the power system , many deep - seated contradictions will continue to be exposed , and how to maintain the stability of the staff and workers and ensure normal production order will become new problems facing them .
in view of the work of electric power safety in 2006 , shi yubo said : we should further strengthen the foundation of the work of production safety in electric power , speed up the establishment and improvement of an emergency management mechanism for power safety , enhance the capacity to deal with contingencies , strengthen coordination and cooperation between power networks , and jointly safeguard the safety of power supply systems , continue to do a good job in supervising and managing the dam 's safety , strengthen the management of power construction safety , and further
it is reported that in light of the new situation in the management of power safety , the state power supervision and control commission will revise and improve the " interim regulations on investigating an accident in power production " that have been promulgated this year . meanwhile , the documents on the safety of the dam and the safety of the second system of power stations will be issued this year .
in 2005 , china 's consumption of electricity reached 24.689 - billion kilowatts , an increase of 13.4556 percent over the same period last year .
faced with the situation of power supply and demand still being tight , the contradictions in coal , power , oil , and transportation are prominent , various power enterprises have taken effective measures to strengthen equipment management , and there was no major equipment accident in power production throughout the country last year .
74 power grids were reported , 127 less than the same period last year , and 427 accidents involving equipment were reported , a decrease of 132 cases compared with the same period last year .
south africa 's ambassador to china said that there is no question of organized crimes against chinese citizens
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will continue to support the development of the south african country 's diplomatic relations with china , said a senior official here thursday .
he also said that the south african government will do its best to crack down on all forms of crime .
he said the south african government hopes to reduce the crime rate to zero , and hopes that every south african country working in south africa will be able to secure their lives and property and the local law and citizens .
since 2006 , four chinese citizens have been killed in south africa one after another , and the chinese people in the world have expressed extensive concern over this .
the chinese foreign ministry has made representations to south africa over this issue and reminded chinese citizens in southern africa to further enhance their awareness of security and prevention , and the overseas chinese compatriots to strengthen unity and friendship and cooperate with the police in cracking down on criminal activities .
we told the victims ' family that we sincerely sympathize with and mourn them .
fu kangning said : we are very sorry about this and ask the chinese people to believe that the south african government is earnestly investigating every case involving china .
according to the chinese embassy in south africa , the south african police have successfully cracked the case of a murder of a chinese fujian woman chen jianqing in south africa on february 5 , and a suspect has been arrested .
at present , the police are hunting another suspect .
according to the south african embassy in china , the criminal suspect who was suspected of shooting hong kong businessmen in january this year has been arrested by south african police , and the property of the victims has been recovered .
speaking on the possibility of the occurrence of the incident of chinese citizens ' assassination , fu kanging said that these incidents indeed have a great impact on the trade between the two countries , including trade between them , and on the other fields , but from a long - term point of view , the impact should not be too big .
according to the tourism commissioner of the south african embassy , the embassy provided a total of 2,000 chinese visitors to the south african country in the first 15 days of this year .
according to official statistics , south africa will continue to maintain its position as the largest trade partner in africa in 2005 .
the bilateral trade volume reached $ 7.27 - billion , an increase of 23.0 percent over the same period last year .
however , the tourism sector believes that the chinese citizens ' assassination incidents that have occurred in 2004 have a significant impact on the number of tourists from china to south africa .
according to statistics from the south african tourism board , chinese tourists to south africa in the first half of 2005 were 2031 , down 14.93 percent from the same period last year .
the chinese living in south africa now have about 200,000 people , and the towns and villages in south africa are all located .
analysts here believe that the gap between south africa and the rich and poor in the society is widening , the unemployment rate is high , and there is no deterrent to death , so the crime rate is still high .
because many chinese do not understand english , they have cash in their bodies and their homes , and this is more prone to become targets of criminal elements ' financial attacks .
hk 's working english learning and training programme
hong kong , february 13 ( xinhua ) the hong kong special administrative region government ( hksar ) launched a new occupational english campaign on february 13 with a view to raising the english proficiency of more serving people .
this is a good example of english , a rich life , and a common theme , including promoting the development of english in the workplace through a series of promotional activities and further enhancing the english proficiency of employees .
so far , the scheme has already provided financial assistance to nearly 25,000 people to complete the vocational english training course , enabling them to reach the relevant workplace english benchmark .
the hong kong workplace english campaign is launched by the government in 2000 .
the campaign is a major project in the provision of funding for workplace english training .
the scheme aims to help the employees who need to use english in their work to acquire the knowledge of english through participating in the training and participating in the designated international business english examinations .
hebei province has implemented a voluntary health check system
shijiazhuang , february 14 ( xinhua ) the hebei provincial health department recently issued the " regulations on voluntary consultation and inspection of aids in hebei province " ( trial implementation ) , clearly stipulating that the implementation of the principle of free and voluntary certification of aids testing and health support is stipulated , and hopes to find to the maximum extent possible the anti - hiv / aids policy , and further implement measures to prevent intervention and eliminate aids .
the " plan " has clearly defined the principle of hebei province 's voluntary consultation and inspection of aids : aids antibody inspection and consultation ; aids antibody testing and consultation ;
the " plan " requires that the aids consultation and inspection points should be set at the location of convenient consulting providers , and in order to protect the privacy of the consulting personnel , there should be a single room for consultation , and one - to - one consultation should be conducted .
the choice of the advisers should take into full consideration the personal quality , knowledge , and ability to exchange knowledge .
to protect the privacy of consulting agents , the inspection and testing invoices may use code or number for registration .
the " plan " also requires that the health administration departments at and above the county level should publicize the local media the results of the list of medical and health institutions and the telephone number of consultation for the voluntary free inspection of aids in their localities so as to facilitate the masses to understand relevant information .
the ministry of public security has still focused on extorting confessions by torture to the inspectors .
beijing , february 14 ( xinhua ) police inspectors of the ministry of public security have been working hard to ensure that the police force is a major force in the country 's economy , said zheng baigang , deputy director of the police bureau of the ministry of public security , at a press conference held here today .
the focus of the work of the supervisory departments is to prevent the occurrence of these problems .
he also pointed out that some international organizations have a different understanding of the law enforcement situation of the chinese police .
the latest information provided by the ministry of public security on 14 february shows that in 2002 , the ministry of public security issued a " regulations on measures to keep public security organs in good order for the record of retention of their units " , which provided that public security organs should apply the regulations on continuing interrogations , thus ensuring the basic - level organs ' measures for applying the retained interrogation measures according to law .
since 1997 , the central authorities have made a series of important measures to deepen the reform of the administrative system of punishing crimes ( i.e. , punishing crimes by extorting guns and police equipment to harass the law and enforcing the law , and have made efforts to strengthen the supervision and management of law enforcement units at the grassroots level , such as the law enforcement units , which are related to the safety of citizens , to investigate and prosecute those who have not given up the slightest warnings .
in order to prevent the occurrence of law enforcement problems at the source , the police inspectors departments have further extended the role of law enforcement inspectors in the area , and increased the handling of public order personnel and personnel in charge of machine - driven car and information , and so on , among other law - enforcement links , such as the appointment and inspection of personnel of public order and the introduction of machine - driven information .
chinese npc vice chairman meets taiwan delegation beijing , june 28
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the two sides of the taiwan strait have reached a consensus on the issue of cross - strait relations , which is the most important issue of the cross - strait exchange foundation [ sef ] , on the early morning of the 15th , after being treated as an acute heart failure and acute heart failure , due to acute inflexible infections .
sun yun - suan was born on 11 november 1913 in penglai , shandong , and graduated from the electrical machinery department of harbin industrial university .
it is a member of the 10 th and 13 th cpc central committee , a member of the 12 th central standing committee , and chairman of the 14 th central advisory committee , and a member of the central appraisal committee , and a member of the 15 th central appraisal committee .
he was formerly the head of the taiwan authorities ' department of communications , director of the economic department of the communist party of china [ cpc ] , and director of the general office of the central military commission .
heilongjiang to promote water pollution in songhua river
harbin , february 16 ( xinhua ) the state council has decided to implement the " outline of the 10 th five - year plan for the work of monitoring and controlling pollution in the songhua river water pollution and the ice layer " in order to do a good job in monitoring and controlling the dry spill and melting the ice layer .
this reporter has learned from the heilongjiang province environmental protection bureau that the mixture project , which is led by the state environmental protection administration , has decided on 15 special topics , including emergency environment assessment and counter - measures , which are divided into the emergency environmental assessment and assessment of the ecological effect of the incident , and the comprehensive assessment of the human body 's health pollution control project , and the specific time for the specific time to finish the three stages .
at present , heilongjiang province has a total of more than 60 scientific research institutes with 14 research projects .
it is reported that environmental protection departments and relevant scientific research institutes will conduct a comprehensive study on the subjects of emergency environmental assessment and counter - countermeasures for incidents on five special topics , and strive to solve environmental problems that the masses are most concerned about .
these include the control of the concentration of pollutants on the surface and the forecast pollution of the total discharge volume of pollutants from the mainland , the assessment of the safety of the products of the songhua river , the assessment of the safety of water supply on both sides of the strait , and the evaluation of the safety and cleaning of water supply safety in the city ;
heilongjiang province 's environmental protection department will also increase the intensity of environmental supervision along the songhua river , strictly investigate and deal with environmental incidents that caused serious pollution by illegal discharge of pollutants and illegal construction .
heilongjiang to send environmental law enforcement personnel to supervise and guide all localities in carrying out comprehensive environmental improvement and improvement of the environment in small river valleys , and improve the administrative system for the development of a large - scale environment such as the rushang he , huanhe , and so on .
beijing university opens mourning hall to offer condolences to academician
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will continue to work with the chinese government to promote the development of the country 's economy , said wang xuan , a member of the national people 's congress standing committee , here on sunday .
at about 0800 , the opening hours of the mourning hall were not yet yet available . dozens of people outside the hall were already in the long march .
this reporter asked the reporter at the memorial hall for the 100 th anniversary of beijing university that the wall of the hall was hanging a black banner : mourning the queen 's cousin .
the lower part of the horizontal banner is a huge picture of wang xuan 's remains . he wearing a glasses , laughing on the face , and laughing with a smile and loud atmosphere .
the two sides of the remains were placed on a few trees of longbo trees , and dozens of flowers were divided on both sides .
one of the gloom 's refurbishment wrote : qin xinghua was a founder of tang 's glory , and he was a good friend of the chinese leaders , who gave a lead in welcoming the emulation of the eminent generators .
in the mourning hall , the mourning was low and the atmosphere was heavy .
among the people who were commemorating the memorial were leaders of beijing university and teachers and students of the university , and some friends of wang xuan , fellow students from huanju , and many people who were not familiar with him also specially rushed to the scene .
some of them carried fresh flowers in their hands , some carried flowers in their baskets , and each of them wore small white flowers in their chests , slowly walked to the remains of wang xuan 's academician . they bowed their hearts in silence .
many people cannot help but shed tears .
he was appointed director of the state cultural heritage bureau , and was an old alumni of beijing university . he told this reporter that more than 10 years ago , he was still working in henan province and asked professor wang xuan to give a report on scientific and technological innovation to the provincial party committee cadres .
academician wang xuan has been a great man in our study . he has been a model for us to learn from . he has made great contributions to the country and society , and the people will never forget him .
jin ruilin , professor at the beijing university law school , and wang xuan , an old friend of wang xuan , who has been in beijing for more than 40 years , are old neighbors .
he was just discharged a few days ago and he insisted on doing something different from his old friend today .
in his letter , mr. jin said that he could not restrain his grief and hurt him and repeatedly polished the tears of his tears .
he told the reporter that professor wang xuan 's life was extremely frugal , and when he lived in the yufu garden , he was already a professor , and he had already made very high achievements , but he was still living a very small house for many years .
later he moved to the chengzyuan , where he lived in the 70 - 80 - square - meter area , and lived for more than 10 years .
the beijing university gave him a large number of academicians in the blue camp , a big house of more than 140 square meters , he did not want , and the high - level housing provided by the martin building was not required .
mr. jin recalled with deep feeling that wang xuan 's visit to foreign countries provided a very high treatment for him , but he resolutely rejected it .
at the beginning , he insisted on not applying for an academician , and only after he had been mobilized many times , did he fill out the presents .
mr jones also touched on the importance of the training of young people by wang xuan himself , and he emphasized on many occasions that what i have now seen is not that i am myself , but that i should depend on the training of young people .
mr. jin said : when he was 50 years old , wang xuan started to pay attention to cultivating young people . he always emphasized that it is necessary to pave the way and to take the opportunity of the young people .
this is a great achievement for scientists .
this reporter has learned from the beijing university news center that from 9 : 00 a. m . on february 15 to 12 : 00 p.m . on february 19 , the coffin hall of wang xuan was open to the public from 9 : 00 a. m . to 1:00 p.m . a day , and the people from all walks of life were invited to mourn .
the chinese military , which is known as the " great leap " of the chinese academy of engineering , has been a member of the chinese academy of sciences , professor wang xuan , who is a professor at beijing university , who is not qualified to be a member of the chinese people 's political consultative conference , died of illness at beijing 's beijing hospital at 11:33 on 13 february at the age of 70 .
npc , chile hold bilateral ties
wu bangguo attended the signing ceremony and signed the agreement .
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) wu bangguo attended the meeting of the china national people 's congress ( npc ) and the chilean parliament on the afternoon of the 15 th , and signed the agreement .
the mechanism for exchanges between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament was formally established .
it is reported that president of the chilean parliament rooseo and speaker of the house of representatives arsenic aksenego signed the agreement in santiago , capital of chile .
according to the agreement , the two sides will , in accordance with the principles set in the communique on the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and chile , establish a political dialogue relationship between the npc and the chilean parliament , and hold rotating meetings in the two countries to jointly promote the all - round development of bilateral relations .
chilean ambassador to china kaleira attended the signing ceremony .
china to introduce regulations on protection of information dissemination rights
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to provide a large number of internet websites with information on newspapers and magazines , according to the press release here today .
wang ziqiang said : according to the current legal provisions , the works published in newspapers and periodicals will not be used as a vagrant , and the newspaper will pay the remuneration , the state copyright bureau will , in accordance with the law , the compensation standards for the reprinting of newspapers and periodicals .
however , according to the existing law , the newspaper should have the right to make such a statutory license , and the internet does not enjoy such a right to permit .
in accordance with the relevant judicial explanation given by the supreme people 's court , the use of the method of using the legal license in the circulation of newspapers and periodicals is applicable to the internet , that is , the internet , which is a short article that can not be used as a plea , and that the author has not made a statement that can not be used without authorization , and that the internet can be used without authorization .
however , as judicial interpretation does not have any provisions on remuneration standards , it is not appropriate to pay compensation when the internet is used .
the use of the internet has been a very good example of the legal licensing of these short - listed works , and it is also necessary to determine the legal level .
wang ziqiang said : whether or not this is included in the scope of legal definition , and whether or not this regulations will be formulated for the protection of the right of transmission of information networks , which will be promulgated this year , will be confirmed .
russian military says georgian parliament resolution not to affect russian peacekeeping
moscow , february 15 ( xinhua ) the russian defense ministry 's press official shedov issued a statement to the media on the 15th , saying that the georgian parliament 's resolution on the russian peacekeeping force will not affect the russian military 's peacekeeping operations in the near future . the russian military will continue to carry out peacekeeping missions in the south ossetia conflict area .
the russian state duma ( lower house of parliament ) and the chairman of the cis affairs committee , kofi ski , issued a statement on the resolution of the georgian parliament on the russian peacekeeping forces on the same day , pointing out that this resolution by the georgian side will undermine the stability of the situation in the region and produce an unfavorable impact on russian - georgian relations .
he stressed that the georgian parliament 's resolution has further worsened the relations between russia and georgia .
he said : the georgian side 's accusation against russia is absurd .
the georgian parliament passed a resolution on the same day , demanding that the russian peacekeeping forces stop their peacekeeping operations in the south ossetia , but it did not set a specific deadline for the withdrawal of russian peacekeeping troops .
the georgian parliament accuses the russian peacekeeping personnel of failing to fulfill the obligations stipulated and considers russia 's actions in the conflict region as a vague attempt to swallow and georgia 's territory .
the georgian parliament urged the government to take active action to consider stationing the international peacekeeping force in the south ossetia conflict to replace the current peacekeeping actions in the region .
the georgian parliament also instructed the government to revise and decide the relevant agreement on russian peacekeeping personnel 's stationing in the conflict area .
the south ossetia is an autonomous state in georgia , and borders to the republic of the northern federal republic of russia .
after the breakup of the former soviet union , it declared independence on its own and was confronting the georgian central government for a long time .
at present , russia has a 500 - member peacekeeping camp in the region .
this unit is formed in accordance with the agreement on military cooperation between georgia 's northern osta , north ossetia , russia in 1992 .
the fire broke out in the hospital , and four people responsible for the accident were indicted
changchun , february 16 ( xinhua ) the jilin provincial government of the people 's republic of china ( cpc ) has decided to set up 11 responsible persons for the accident , including zhang diankun , head of the hospital electric work squad , and four others will be prosecuted for the crime of major responsibility .
on 15 december 2005 , the largest hospital in liaojing city , the no. 1 hospital in which it was fire , finally killing 39 people .
in this fire , the fire area was over 5,000 square meters .
it is understood that this is the first time that the medical and health system has been in the country since the founding of new china .
according to investigations , at about 1630 on the same day , the liaoyuan city center hospital suddenly suspended its power supply . according to the design of the hospital 's circuit , if the power stoppage and the power tank gates will automatically jump to the deputy gates , and continue to maintain normal power supply at the hospital , then the power grids were not automatically jumped . meanwhile , zhang diankun , leader of the power engineering squad , forced power
the underground cables that were running smoke at that time , and more than 10 cables were swaggering together , and the cables like this should be placed in a very complete floor and fire - prevention layer .
therefore , the 57 - year - old liaoyuan city textile company 's electrical installation team leader zhao yongchun , retired cadre ( senior engineer ) of liaoyuan electric power industry bureau , sun fenglin , retired worker at liaoyuan city center hospital , will be indicted for the crime of being suspected of major accidents .
china 's rural tourism to be the first to be held in tianlong
guiyang , february 16 ( xinhua ) the two sides of the border area of tianlong town of tianlong town in tianlong county of guizhou province held a holiday in the same big way , with their faces filled with joy .
at 10 : 30 in the morning , after the five - year festival , 80 - year - old zheng peqin , who was wearing a long - colored long - sleeved shirt , sounded the first - ever - growing kick of china 's rural tourism to guizhou .
tianlong tun village is a typical representative of the development of rural tourism in guizhou and a national village tourism demonstration point .
as the first stop of the ming dynasty 's hongwu years , the young man of jiawuba has more than 600 years of history .
here , it is obvious that he is wearing a large - scale , long - sleeved blue gowns , ancient han culture and dressing jewelry in tablets village .
it is understood that the tianlong village relies on this cultural and traditional advantage to develop rural culture and tourism since 2002 . in 2005 alone , the ticket income alone reached 3.8 - million yuan , and over 47,000 peasant households in the village participated in the production of catalogue , transportation of coaches , etc. , and the per capita income of peasants increased from more than 1300 yuan in 2002 to 2640 yuan in 2005 .
yang shengming , director of the guizhou provincial tourism bureau , said that following the first visit of tianlong tatou castle , new tourist products , new appearing in the rural areas , are the main theme , and the rural tourism activities launched in various localities in guizhou this year will reach 35 .
so far , guizhou has launched a series of rural tourism projects in more than 130 villages . by 2005 , more than 600,000 peasant households in the province have extricated themselves from poverty through tourism development .
in january , the price of housing in 70 cities rose 5.5 percent , while shanghai 's real estate prices continued to decline .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the number of people in 70 large and medium - sized cities rose by 5.5 percent in january , down 0.7 percent from the previous month , according to the report .
shanghai 's real estate prices continued to decline .
the national bureau of development and reform issued statistics on 16 april , showing that of the 70 large and medium - sized cities , most of the housing prices have increased slightly in january , with the increase in hull and haote surging over 10 percent , while shanghai 's housing sales prices continued to drop slightly , by 0.44 percent compared with the same period last year .
same statistics show that in the first quarter of last year , shanghai 's housing sales prices rose 19.1 percent year on year , and after that , a turn has appeared . in the second half of last year , a slight decline has been seen in the same period .
in january this year , new residential sales prices in 70 large and medium - sized cities rose 6.9 percent year on year , down 0.2 percentage points from the previous month .
the rate of increase in new residential buildings is 18.93 percent in dalian , and the rate of increase in such cities as dalian , huhhot , and haoyang , etc. , 1,014 percent in shenzhen , and 8.4 percent in beijing , and 3.1 percent in shanghai compared with the same period last year .
the organization department of the cpc central committee has demanded that the supervision of leading cadres and cadres be further strengthened .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the central organization department recently issued opinions on strengthening cadre supervision .
the opinions urged organization departments at all levels to proceed from strict management and care for cadres , and to carry out cadre supervision in the process of cadre training , evaluating , and appointing cadres in all aspects of day - to - day management , establish a sound supervisory mechanism for preventing and improving serious rectification work , and effectively strengthen supervision over leading cadres and cadre selection and appointment work .
the opinions pointed out : the main task of cadre supervision in organization departments is : first , supervision over leading bodies and leading cadres , and the key is to strengthen supervision over principal responsible persons of leading bodies ; second , supervision over the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres in party and government organs ; and the supervision and inspection of the implementation of the " regulations on the selection and appointment of leading party and government cadres . "
in the course of supervising leading bodies and leading cadres , the opinions have been put forward , and we should unswervingly carry out education in ideals and convictions and in the education on fighting corruption and promoting clean government , carry education through the training , selection , and management of cadres , guide and supervise leading cadres to strengthen the cultivation of party spirit , persist in establishing the party for the people , and build a strong ideological and moral defense line against corruption and degeneration .
the appointment of newly promoted cadres should be further improved and improved .
we should urge leading bodies at all levels to uphold democratic centralism , establish and improve the rules and procedures for making policy decisions , and conscientiously implement the system of combining collective leadership with individual responsibility .
we should give prominence to supervising principal responsible persons of leading bodies , and organize responsible persons of departments ( personnel ) to often talk with principal responsible persons of leading bodies at the lower level , and understand the situation of their ideological work , work style , and other aspects .
establish and improve the system of routine management and supervision of leading cadres , and regularly understand and analyze the ideological and work style of the leading cadres and put forward opinions and measures for solving problems .
the practice of admonishing and sending words and letters to leading cadres , discovering symptoms of problems , and admonishing or sending letters to leading cadres in a timely manner .
the leading cadres ' outstanding problems that the masses have complained about must be seriously investigated and understood , and those who have problems really have problems should be criticized and educated , and those who have violated discipline and law should be turned over to law enforcement organs , and those who have indeed had no problems in the investigation should be clarified .
at the same time , we should combine strengthening supervision with encouraging cadres to boldly explore new ways and innovate and pay attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the opinions demand that all organizations ( personnel ) departments at all levels effectively strengthen supervision over the work of selecting and appointing leading party and government cadres .
further improve the system of recommendation for cadres to nominate cadres , and make decisions on a number of key links , and strictly ensure the political quality of the selection and appointment of cadres .
we should strengthen supervision over the implementation of the regulations on cadre appointment , strictly investigate and deal with the behaviors of violating the regulations on appointing cadres , and resolutely check the unhealthy trends and corrupt phenomena in personnel appointment .
the practice of supervising and inspecting the problem of serious irregularities in personnel matters has been implemented , and the intensity of supervision and handling has been increased .
establish and improve the system of investigating and affixing responsibility for the work of selecting and appointing cadres ; and scientifically define the principal responsible persons in all aspects of the work of selecting and appointing cadres in accordance with the principle of having the same power and responsibility , and make clear the way of holding accountable the principal responsible persons in this work .
give full play to the role of mass supervision , and establish a sound mechanism for making appeals to public security , prevention , and reporting .
and give play to the role of public opinion supervision , and timely report to the media on the situation in selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres to accept supervision by public opinion .
the opinions pointed out : we should further improve the mechanism for coordinating and coordinating cadre supervision .
and organize departments ( personnel ) to strengthen their cooperation with discipline inspection organs and establish a system of work that is in keeping with the work of the discipline inspection organs in improving the party 's work style and building a clean government , and to strengthen the joint force of supervision .
and work with discipline inspection organs to conscientiously do a good job in inspection work , improve inspection methods , improve inspection systems , and improve the inspection quality .
in coordination with auditing organs in conscientiously implementing the economic responsibility auditing system for leading cadres .
we should improve the internal mechanism of supervision over the selection and appointment of cadres in organization departments .
taiwan authorities ' use of illegal investment on mainland china beijing , march 2
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the taiwan authorities should take measures to deal with taiwan 's yuanhua double - digit international economic case , which is one of taiwan 's wanghua electronics company limited ( lyonta ) , which is 5 million new taiwan dollars , as the reason is that the " lump " has provided assistance in violation of regulations to start a ship - building science and technology company on the mainland .
taiwan 's chung - kuo shih - pao reported that this was a result of chen shui - bian 's [ chen shuibian ] policy of actively managing cross - strait economic and trade relations , which was advocated by chen shui - bian , and which was effectively liberalized .
according to reports , the taiwan economic expedition council , which is called the claimants , has been punished by the united nations , which violated the regulations on relations between the people on both sides of the strait and the rules on cooperation in investment or technology licensing in the mainland .
in the future , the expedition will also be a challenge to former chairman cao xingcheng .
the first case of the leonard power company started in february 2005 . at that time , taiwan 's prosecutors department used more than 100 people to attack the houses and offices of several senior officials of the united nations , claiming that it was suspected that the united microelectronics company had invested in the mainland and that the technology for ship captain and manpower was provided by the united nations .
the then chairman of the board of directors of the united microelectronics corporation , cao xingcheng , said that unita did not violate any regulations of the taiwan authorities , and that the united power company and the technology for shipping services are to provide assistance for the sake of the united power alliance . if it fails to enter the mainland market as soon as possible , it will lose business opportunities .
later , the taiwan authorities ' financial supervisory management committee , in violation of the regulations on commercial information disclosure , imposed a new nt $ 3 - million on the united nations .
on 9 january 2006 , the board of directors accepted cao xingcheng 's resignation . cao xingcheng made a decision on suspicion of investing in the mainland several hours later .
the joint - stock company of taiwan 's lucky circuit company ( short as the lucky tower ) also claimed that the chiang kung - hsiung [ chien yuan ] of taiwan is a leading hi - tech enterprise on the island .
the taiwan authorities ' annual reactions to the united microelectronics industry have attracted great attention from all walks of life on the island .
2 nd annual conference of chinese leaders in macao
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the second legend of my hometown , macao , was held in beijing on the 17th , with the help of the chinese people from all over the world , as a part of my classic design .
the competition was jointly sponsored by the macao foundation and the hundred flowers and literature publishing house , " the foreign edition of the distributed text and the sea , " and chen jiangong , vice chairman of the chinese writers association , and others .
in 2004 , the fifth anniversary of macao 's return to the motherland , the first macao copenhagen race in my heart , held , and the chinese and foreign literature enthusiasts responded positively , and the organizing committee received more than 8,000 entries , and more than 10 winners from both home and abroad were invited to receive awards in the macao special administrative region .
wu zhiliang , executive member of the macao foundation , said at a press conference on 17 april that last year , the legend of the historical city of yangcheng city in macao was listed in the world cultural heritage list . this not only indicates that the chinese nation and the chinese nation have different cultural traditions of friendship and friendship , which have been passed and developed in macao , but the macao sar government decided to make the 2006 world cultural heritage known as the world 's cultural heritage in macao .
wu zhiliang said : it is precisely under such a good cultural atmosphere that the macao foundation and the hundred flowers and literature publishing house have decided to cooperate again and hold the second laptop of my langer , zhuan lumpur grand prix contest in my heart , hoping that the participants will display the patriotic feelings of love and macao , the unique humane style of macao , and the image of the macao sar as a happy and prosperous city , and further establish a distinctive
according to the briefing , the " distribution text and sea version " will open a column on the entries at the end of september this year .
after the results of the appraisal are revealed , the results will be held in the macao sar in early 2007 .
shandong province has successfully implemented a patient 's heart transplant operation
jinan , february 17 ( xinhua ) a total of 1,800 officers and men from the institute of cardiovascular disease under the jinan military region recently successfully carried out a transplant operation for babies ' heart disease .
on 17 april , this reporter saw in the heavy disease surveillance room that the babies who had been taking the post - operation were full of face and red - colour , and all monitoring and inspection indicators were all normal . they smoothly passed the dangerous period of the surgery and were playing with the toy that the health care personnel bought for him .
according to the doctors who were receiving the treatment , this friend from the tai'an rural area in shandong was sent to the hospital by her parents , and she was full of blue and purple , breathing difficulties , and was diagnosed with a leaning heart disease that was infected with the purple anosis .
heart transplant surgery is the most difficult , most difficult , most complicated operation of the heart surgery .
particularly under the age of 1 , the heart transplant operation of the baby girl is still empty in the country .
the responsible person of the jinan military region 's heart - to - heart disease research institute repeatedly studied the case and carefully designed the operation and post - operation plan , and made independent innovations in the method of the blood tube in keeping with the requirements of the blood tube , and conducted animal experiments .
8 : 00 am on 28 december 2005 , the surgery formally began .
it is a natural phenomenon that the heart of body is caused by the bad breathing of the early onduction of the first - generation lungs .
the operation must be in line with six blood vessels , with more than 510 needles , and each one of the needles is less than 3 mm .
after 295 minutes , the surgery was a complete success .
china : state administration of safety supervision to control coal mine accidents
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) four major accidents have occurred one after another in beijing , with more than 100 people in the past year , and the grim situation of production safety across the country has caused the pollution of severe coal mine accidents , including the china - tengfei coal mine , to become the most important among the top priority in the work of supervising safety in the whole country this year .
this reporter learned from the state administration of production safety on 17 july that in order to effectively check the occurrence of serious and serious accidents , such as coal mines , coal mines should be the most important among the most important things .
this year , the state administration of coal mine safety will do the following three things :
shaw continues to fight a battle against vanas .
the wacs management this year has put the pulse in a prominent position .
if the high gas mine is not in a position to pull out , it is necessary to order it to suspend production immediately .
shougou continues to fight a battle of consolidation and closing down .
we should make the 5243 public notice , and with the recent reports by all localities , more than 700 coal mines , one that have been reported to have been shut down and put it in a true position .
we should regard closing down as a routine task , and continually close down those enterprises that cause pollution to resources that do not have safety requirements .
prc : qiushi steps up safety management in coal mines
we should immediately correct the unhealthy tendencies of the management of a small number of large state - owned mines and establish a standardized security management system for small mines that are in a chaotic situation in their management .
in particular , we must grasp key state - owned coal mines , and absolutely not allow overcapacity , overcapacity , and overcapacity production of key personnel .
this year 's production safety control indices demand that the number of deaths of all types across the country dropped by 3-3 percent from the previous year , of which coal mines dropped by 3.5 percent .
one death toll of more than 10 people was reduced by 5 percent , of which coal mines dropped by 7 percent .
these control indices have been assigned to provincial - level people 's governments , and all localities are now implementing them at the grassroots level and enterprises .
statistics show that in 2005 , 5986 people were killed in coal mine accidents , a drop of 0.79 percent from the same period last year .
however , the number of major accidents involving more than 10 people who died in one incident rose to 66.6 percent from the same period last year .
( international ) barroso calls for all parties to make compromises in kosovo 's future status negotiations
belgrade , february 17 ( xinhua ) the two countries have established a strategic partnership of cooperation , which is expected to be the first time in the history of kosovo , said barroso , president of the european commission , here on tuesday .
barroso met with the president of the provisional authority of kuwait , serbia serbia serbia , serbia , serbia , serbia , and other media on the same day , saying that all parties concerned in kosovo should adopt a tolerant attitude and establish a democratic and multi - ethnic integration kosovo , which respects the government 's administrative regime and protects the rights and interests of minority nationalities , before kosovo is recognized by the international community .
he also emphasized that the eu commission will do its best to help kosovo 's development .
barroso also expressed his appreciation for kosovo 's current eight standards for the un 's democratic process .
he said : the implementation of these standards is the key factor that affects the integration of kosovo and europe .
he also appealed to all serbs in kosovo to join the organizations in kosovo in order to achieve the goal of democracy and the integration of multi - ethnic groups .
barroso arrived in the capital of kosovo on the same day for a one - day visit .
earlier , barroso visited croatia and serbia and montenegro , and will also visit macedonia , albania and bosnia - herzegovina .
( winter olympics games , stimulant ) news analysis : there is a possibility that the dispatch of the vincent incident will not end .
dushin , february 17 ( xinhua ) the announcement of the new delhi prefectural government said that the new government will not be able to resolve the problem
xinhua news agency , gao ying ,
although italy has repeatedly ordered that the turin winter olympic games are being discovered to use stimulants , all athletes may face jolas , but they are now facing the difficulties of the disease .
the turin winter olympic games opened on the 16th , the first stimulant scandal that opened . alexander alexander was found to have used a drug - free card .
the international olympic committee announced the next day that the alea had been sent out of the winter olympics , and she won two winter games in the winter games , 15 kilometers of silver medals in the two contests of the games .
the international winter winter league made a decision on the same day to send a two - year ban va .
the ioc has been providing for athletes to be identified with stimulant in the olympic games , and will be deprived of their qualification for the games , but not legally sanctioned .
however , according to italian law , the chinese athletes ' carrying and using stimulants are a criminal act , and the judicial organs have the right to directly arrest and investigate the athletes who use stimulants and to test the legal persons for three months to three years .
in december last year , the international olympic committee and the italian government , after a year of lapse for rough harvard , finally reached an agreement , and both sides agreed to handle the stimulant incident by athletes in accordance with the italian law during the winter olympics .
with the unremitting efforts of the international olympic committee , italy made a four - day concession before the opening of the winter olympics games , and promised that the police would not enter the olympic village to conduct a search on the athlete 's residence during the winter olympics . however , the athletes who have demonstrated positive drug examination will still be investigated by the italian procuratorial organs .
it is reported that the italian government oversees the turin winter olympics , peter pertz , an official of the italian government , has already handed over the stimulant incident to the dutch procuratorial organs .
however , the international olympic committee and pertinent persons have not yet confirmed this matter .
russia 's winter - 2 team medical and health minister demirev revealed at noon on 17 september that the alejandra had left turin and returned to china .
he has been a member of the chinese sports official , who has been working in the world 's anti - doping agency for many years , and said that once the leaver returned to china , this incident could eventually be a rough blow .
shi said that the ioc and the italian government have been fighting against stimulants in the winter olympics , and have not resolved all the problems , even if italian procuratorial organs really involve themselves in this matter , it is hard to say .
in the past , italy 's response to the use of stimulant events shows that the biggest penalties that the banned has received are only two years of imprisonment , suspended for execution .
therefore , a senior italian amaza reporter pierre said that the possibility of sending leava to jail was very small , and that was , most of the time , a fine .
pierre also said that although the italian court could defer the trial , the italian police could not send a villain to foreign countries to take back the trial .
if the villains were sent to refuse to accept the verdict , italy would have nothing to do with her .
news roundup : new bird flu epidemic continues to emerge in all countries
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the bird flu has been further spread on the african continent , according to a report by xinhua news agency .
the world health organization confirmed on the 17 th that three countries in egypt had found bird flu - infected deaths .
in europe , france also found the virus of five types of bird flu virus , european impoverished , and strengthened preventive measures .
the who 's east mediterranean adviser , hassan bush , told the press in egypt on 17 august that currently , the international community has been working on the infection of 591 - type bird flu virus in three areas of cairo , qitar , and meiya in the south .
experts pointed out that egypt is a major destination for migratory birds in the middle east and north africa , and it is highly likely that bird flu virus will be carried into the country by migratory birds .
egypt has announced the ban on the import of live poultry from abroad and has strengthened quarantine work at the border ports .
the two ministers agreed to strengthen the cooperation between the two countries in the past week , and to strengthen the cooperation between the two countries .
cameroon has decided to suspend the import of all poultry and pork from nigeria , which has been infected with the bird flu epidemic , and to suspend all poultry and related products from the two countries ' borders .
the government of cameroon has also built a epidemic monitoring network covering all the country within a short time , and the basd center and the national veterinary laboratory have been in an emergency state of orders , so as to conduct laboratory tests on the whole virus of the virus at any time .
in europe , denmark and sweden , the epidemic was initially ruled out on 17 august .
the swedish veterinary institute released a report on the testing of dead swans found on wednesday , indicating that swedish swans did not have the virus .
the danish national veterinary surgeons board has also found 30 dead dead swans in denmark in the country .
however , the agriculture department said that denmark should not take it lightly .
romania has seen nine bird flu epidemic sites in eastern europe this year , who experts said in bucharest on the 17 th that the danube river delta region has avian flu , and it must treat it seriously , and romania may have to take it continuously in the next three years or five years .
in bangladesh , asia , the government has taken all necessary measures to prevent avian flu .
the government 's home affairs bureau ( hkea ) has provided relevant officials with books on bird flu prevention and also organized poultry keeping personnel to conduct training .
china 's first joint blood information management system to be established in zhejiang
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) china 's first blood information data management center has been successfully launched in the center , according to sources from the zhejiang provincial blood center .
a responsible person of the zhejiang provincial blood center said : this means that in the future , any citizen will be responsible for the donation of blood from any county ( city ) in zhejiang province to take part in donations without compensation . there will be a unique code record . when he once again donates blood , so long as the relevant code records of personal information , blood , blood , and blood donation time , it will show that the information can be shown immediately .
the responsible person further explained that if the relevant code records are added to the system , the system shows that the vincent donor has not yet been released , the testimony does not conform to the condition of blood donation .
this way , not only can the donors ' health be protected , but also can effectively protect the health and safety of the blood worshippers .
in addition , when the blood supply is strained , donors and their families have the right to use blood , and so long as you input the effective documents of the blood donors , you can immediately display the information of the blood donors .
according to a report in hangzhou 's " today morning post , " the information system has been put into use in all 36 blood - collecting organizations in the province , and the blood resources of various organizations in the province have also been displayed in real time , thus sharing data in the whole province .
to prevent the recurrence of another landslide incident , 11 philippine villages urgently evacuated
manila , february 18 ( xinhua ) the philippines has decided to send more than 100,000 troops to the country to prevent a similar landslide incident from happening again in 11 villages in eastern philippines , a local official said on february 18 .
the official said the government would not allow the country to use the village to carry out the fire , but would not have to do so .
the 11 villages that had withdrawn will be rehoused in seven withdrawal centers .
leyaz said : the government yesterday ordered the residents to withdraw and sent people to inspect these villages because some people do not want to leave their homes .
on 17 july , the landslide incident occurred in the southern saint bell sodium town of southern southern southern southern southern southern southern southern levitte province . viewed from the tv picture , the mud and rocks have already buried the entire village and can only see several roofs .
because the soil is very thick and very humid , people buried in the bottom can be very uncertain about the hope of being lucky .
at present , 109 people have been found dead and 57 others have been rescued .
according to estimates , the number of deaths caused by this accident may reach 1,800 .
( overseas chinese , overseas chinese ) quanzhou , a native of southern fujian , exported 35.2 percent more than the same period last year
fuzhou , february 19 ( xinhua ) quanzhou city 's foreign trade exports continued to grow at a high speed in january this year , according to the report .
according to customs statistics , in january quanzhou achieved a profit of 330 million us dollars in exports , setting a record high , an increase of 35.2 percent over the same period last year , which was higher than the average growth rate of the province .
according to the analysis by the quanzhou city foreign economic bureau , the reason for quanzhou 's rapid growth in foreign trade in january was due to the fact that under the role of quanzhou 's many measures for foreign trade support , enterprises ' enthusiasm for exports has risen , quanzhou 's economy has been operating very vigorously , enterprises ' business confidence has been strengthened , and a highly efficient and smooth environment for foreign trade development .
