she was admitted to the two inmates of the two mobile computers in distress investigation .
london , june 6 , 2007
london daily express points out that two diana crown prince princess diana died in paris in 1997 . the computer was replaced by the former metropolitan police chief .
the report pointed out that the theft has triggered speculation that the computers may have a computer that is composed of former police chief jean - claude steve .
however , a metropolitan police spokesman said that the computer did not have any sensitive information or contact with the investigation .
sir stephen smith is the chief of the police of the nobel bhutto , and his office is located in the area of the new taisenhe .
the report said that the nsandobianan police officer has been looking for two stolen cases in the past 10 days .
a series of incidents occurred in the weekend from january 28 to 29 , including computers and cash , and the second one occurred last week , without any loss .
the norway police also said there was no evidence to suggest that the two theft cases and the case of sir snowe 's work were related .
he has been tracing the princess of wers and not directly directing the cause of the accident .
the royal corpse , bristol , ordered in 2004 to continue to trace the evidence .
princess diana , who was born in a paris tunnel accident on august 31 , 1997 , died on the same day as her wife , princess diana , and her driver .
after two surveys , the french police believed that the reason was that the drug was turned into a fast vehicle because the driver was drunk and took drugs , causing the car to lose control and causing a tragedy .
the two sides agreed to hold talks in geneva in late may
vienna , lun , 7 th
the peace process in norway , which is the highest in the world , has agreed to start negotiations in geneva , switzerland , on the 22nd of this month , defusing the issue of the three - year stagnation of the negotiations , which has been concluded for several decades .
norway 's special envoy for peace somalim held talks with the tiger organization of the liberation tigers of tanzania in london , and this breakthrough was achieved .
the norwegian embassy in beijing said in a statement that the clashes in sri lanka were all caused by the conflict between the sri lankan government and the tamil liberation tigers , and the government urged the government to assist in holding negotiations in geneva on february 22 .
the two - day talks will focus on how to strengthen the cease - fire agreement which came into force on 23 february 2002 , and the agreement has not been fully observed by both sides .
the norwegian embassy pointed out that the two sides will discuss how to improve the implementation of the cease - fire agreement , and this is the first time that the two sides have held face - to - face talks at such a high level in the past three years .
solim said he will lead a norwegian team to participate in the negotiations and the peace talks between the four representatives of the tamil liberation tigers , led by baradekhan , and the sri lankan government is led by health minister .
he said : this is a road leading to peace , but an important step . the process of negotiations is expected to be hard - pressed .
the former government of sri lanka held face - to - face talks on the settlement of the racial clashes in march 2003 , but the tamil liberation tiger organization cancelled the original plan for the seventh round of talks to be held in thailand in april 2003 .
du lin winter olympics opening ceremony the south - north korean delegation 's joining hands in the event
italy , april 10 , 2007 ( afp )
the 20 th winter olympics was held in dulin today , and the cold war period was the first time that the south and north koreas , each other being enemies , and the two delegations joined hands in the ceremony .
south korean women 's speed skating competitor li baola and the north korean men 's peddling ice - skating competitor han zheng ren were respectively the top leaders of the two countries ' teams and led the south korean delegation to enter the winter olympics games .
this is the first time that the olympic games teams from south korea and north korea have joined hands in the winter olympics .
to reflect the latest developments in the two sides ' unity in repairing reconciliation in recent years , the summer olympics in sydney and the 2004 athens olympics will be jointly held by the south korean and north korean delegations .
north korea has not participated in the talks on the 19th winter olympics in yanhu city , usa .
the korean peninsula was divided into a south korean and communist north korean peninsula in 1948 . the two sides held a joint military exercise in the korean war from 1950-1953 .
south korean leaders held a meeting of peace after the peace summit in 2000 .
according to the tradition , the greek delegation is the first country to enter the competition , with the south being the 22 nd runner - up of the 22 nd north korean games .
the reason why the landlord national congress team is the last state to enter the stadium is that when the italian national team entered the stadium , the sporting scene immediately sounded warm cheers and applause .
hollyman had been indulged in drugs and luckily realized the great cause of creating a new stage of performing arts in a timely manner .
new york , april 16 , 2007
the most commonly recognized hope is to win the oscar film this year , the movie bowls the white male lead in the cold blood , the marion of the philippines , the motorcycles of the sippus , and reveals that they had sunk in drugs and wine when they were young , and they were lucky to be successful before they could open up their own art peak .
in an interview with cbs news magazine , hollman said that he was very happy to see the drug and liquor that during that period , he did not scrupulously resort to the means of obtaining drugs and wine .
he was only 20 at that time , and just graduated from the drama department of the new york university , and entered the five - glossy society . every day , the daily living pace was rapidly whipped , and he finally turned into a coma and lost control .
he was a young man who was 22 years old and was a girl who had alcohol and drug - traffickers there , and was the most panic in his life .
the upcoming meeting of the oscar awards will be held next month to explain the way the american writer koboo played the role of the emperor , the shadow of the emperor , the cold blood spinning white , and the most promising to win the best male main actor award .
before that , his superb performance had been affirmed and quite a number of awards had been affirmed , including a golden ball prize , the best male lead .
the 38 - year - old actress said during the interview that if they were not resolved to change their bad habit before they were adulted , he might have won the oscar nomination .
he said he admired those who were young and suddenly became famous breathers of various gold bars at 19 years .
the bird flu is trapped in four european countries , and there is a panic in the minds of the people in europe and libya .
brussels , april 16 , 2007
the bird flu virus has been found in europe , causing anxiety .
eu executive committee approves new plan to set up buffer zone to control the region where the virus is discovered is completely in management and ban all birds and biological transactions .
africa and sweden have been in the process of discovering the deadly h5n1 virus after it was discovered , and the epidemic has been continuously spreading to more chicken farms , indicating that they have already passed through the border of northern states to enter niger .
egyptian officials are investigating a chicken farm in southern egypt which suddenly crashed . they are worried that the virus may continue to spread .
the european chicken market has been affected by the virus , with a big decline , and the eu executive committee stressed that there is no reason to panic .
the executive committee is responsible for health and food safety , said prueher , who is responsible for the council 's health and food safety , that the public is understandable about this matter but does not need to react too much .
following the virus discovery that had been laid down previously , the three - kilometer - long reserve and 10 - kilometer - long warning zone of the eu executive committee again laid out new regulations to include all the discoveries of viruses in europe as the curtain area .
a chinese official , who declined to be named , pointed out that everyone is nervous and that they are handling the issue of transmitting messages from europe to the evening , suspected that the epidemic has already broken out .
the european region has so far received a total of austria 's montreo , which is a single norwegian state of romantic romantic romantic protracted ukraine and russia 's territory in europe , and almost all of them have traced of the virus , almost all of them found in the northeastern states .
romania discovered the 31 st cases on 16 april , with the spurred spans of austria and germany 's ruuji island also found new cases .
italy 's southern part was a red - blooded virus found in two ducks , the first northeastern province of the european region to have infected the virus .
eu officials are most concerned about the possibility of returning from africa .
the government of niger is stepping up its efforts to stop the spread of virus in africa .
the government of the republic of niger announced that all the poultry remaining in the area of the five - kilometer area near the infected farm would be destroyed without any virus .
the government of neighboring countries , niger , announced the nation 's entry into the warning status , and allocated 4 million us dollars of emergency plans to monitor and monitor the border between niger and nigeria .
the newly established national emergency committee said that they received notification that the two countries had no contact with each other in the loose border between the two countries , with nearly 400 birds dead .
the new regulations governing the business management of china 's electronic banking corporation will come into force on 1 march .
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has approved the renminbi loan to the hong kong banking regulatory commission ( cbrc ) , which has recently issued a " procedures for managing the business of e - banking " and the " guidelines for assessing the security of e - banking " , which will come into effect on march 1 , 2006 .
a spokesman for the china banking regulatory commission said that according to the regulations of the management measures , the approval methods of foreign financial institutions have basically not changed , that is , after foreign banks ' branches have been approved to open their internet banking business , they should be reported to the bank of china for examination if they need to add new types of bank business on the internet .
to standardize the commercial banks ' business on the internet , the people 's bank of china formulated and promulgated the " interim procedures for managing internet banking business " in june 2001 .
a spokesman for the china banking regulatory commission said that with the continued development of the business of commercial banks ' electronic banking business , the interim procedures have no longer met the requirements of the supervision of risks of e - banking , and the cbrc has formulated two new regulations for this purpose .
according to a spokesman of the china banking regulatory commission , the cbrc has made clear the quality of the organization 's creditors , which is different from the administrative license of the nature of industry access or enterprise entry , and is not a necessary condition for the evaluation institution to develop the e - banking safety assessment business . it is only a reference of the financial institutions in choosing an assessment body .
as long as the safety assessment body meets the requirements and requirements , even if it does not have the qualification of the cbrc , financial institutions may also employ it to conduct an electronic banking safety assessment , but should be managed according to the relevant regulations .
the " procedures for managing the business of electronic banking " are divided into nine chapters and 99 articles , which are divided into three parts : the general rules of application and change of bogus , data exchange and transfer management , and the management of cross - border business activities , and nine parts , including legal responsibility and supplementary articles , with the same amount of legal responsibility and supplementary provisions .
the " guidelines on electronic banking safety assessment " consists of five chapters , which are divided into seven parts , namely , the implementation of the management and surgical evaluation of the safety of the organization under the general framework of assessment of the general rules of assessment .
the " mao zedong , zhou enlai liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , deng xiaoping , chen yun , investigation and research " published
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the " selected works of mao zedong , zhou enlai liu shaoqi , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , " compiled by the party literature research center of the cpc central committee , has been published and distributed recently by the central party literature publishing house .
they should carry out in - depth investigations and studies in the light of reality , persist in integrating theory with practice , and formulate and implement correct lines , principles , and policies in this way . this is the basic experience and basic work method of the cpc in leading revolution and construction .
mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , deng xiaoping , and other revolutionaries of the older generation , who made a lot of important and incisive expositions on the investigation and research issues , and they often went deep into the grassroots to do social surveys and wrote many investigation reports .
the practice and results of their investigation and research have played an important role in guiding the party 's and the people 's cause in developing along the correct road .
the " mao zedong , zhou enlai liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , and chen yun on investigation and research " are divided into three parts : first , the expositions of mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation on investigation and research , and the second part is the works of mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation on investigation and research , and the third part is the three investigation groups of the three investigation groups and liu shaoqi , which mao zedong sent
most of these reports were made public for the first time .
in addition , two reports on the " red cross " campaign carried out by the central leaders in the 1950 s and 1960 s .
russia reiterates adherence to one - china policy
moscow , february 6 ( xinhua ) russian deputy foreign minister alexekseyev said here today that the russian government will stick to the one - china policy .
alekseyev said that russia has noticed chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence .
the russian government has consistently adhered to the one - china principle and firmly supported china 's efforts to realize the great cause of national reunification .
last year , the chinese npc passed the anti - secession law , and russia took the lead in publicly expressing support .
alekseyev said that the russian foreign ministry will issue a statement as soon as possible , reiterating the one - china position and opposing the independence of taiwan .
china , japan to strengthen cooperation in trade , investment in south africa
xinhua news agency , johannesburg , february 6 ( reporter chen ming ) lin yixing , a chinese fujian fork , was arrested in a bar in his restaurant in the small hours of 5 local time . he was injured by local militants . on the early morning of 6 february , he died after rescue efforts were made at the burundi hospital in south africa 's judicial capital , burundi .
according to the president of the free zhou provincial federation of chinese people , feng yang said the incident occurred at the werkek city in the 130 - kilometer northwest of burundi .
at that time , the owner of the shop , lin yixing , picked up the goods inside the bar , and prepared to end the day 's business .
at this time , there were three customers in the shop , one of them was throwing their hands and shot into the bar tower , and robbed him .
lin yixing , 40 , had a struggle with the thieves , and the ruffians fired a shot to lin yixing , and fled after the incident .
the local people who were informed of the accident rushed to the hospital to bring lin yixing to the hospital for treatment . because lin yixing 's body had a bar of all the blood pipes of the thick mao , which had not only blood emitted , it died at about 3 : 30 a. m . on february 6 .
on 6 february , the chinese consulate general in castle xu defu gave him a brief account of wu gang 's visit and the vice chairman of the fujian fellow association of south africa 's china fujian province , lin changming , and others , and drove to burundi to help the family of the deceased handle the aftermath of the incident .
mr lam has become the first person who has been shot and killed by the hijackers in 36 hours and is also the fourth chinese who has been killed in south africa since the beginning of this year .
( newspaper clippings ) shanghai : part - time staff and college graduates become the main force of work
beijing , february 7 ( xinhua ) the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau issued the latest figures on industrial wages guidance prices for 2006 , with the number of posts reaching 120 , an increase of 11 from the previous increase , and the original job turnaround has fallen .
according to the relevant experts of the shanghai labor and social security bureau , shanghai 's hour workers and workers have already exceeded 1 million .
according to a report by the zhongguo qingnian bao , college graduates and part - time workers are the main components of the team of hours workers .
through the investigation of nearly 8,000 hours of work , more than half of the staff are part - time workers , with their ratio reaching 51.111 percent .
the level of part - time workers is generally higher , and their main job is to be engaged in relatively high technical work , such as translation jobs , the proportion of part - time workers is as high as 81.79 % , and the health category is 61.66 % .
high income is the result of many people engaging in hours of work and part - time jobs .
it is understood that the monthly income of individual posts can reach tens of thousands of yuan , and it will be hard to seek , just like a sound of translation , so the monthly income of hours of work can reach more than 2,000 yuan , such as part - time financial marital instruments .
and to satisfy the individual 's interest in expanding his knowledge is also a good thing that has been favored by working in a part - time job .
for example , when a company is the manager of the human resources department , he will take several hours a week to handle the financial accounts of a foreign business representative office .
mr koo considered that the maximum benefits of his part - time job were to keep his knowledge updated and that he had the opportunity to touch on another area , of course , the income of the yuan 2000 per month also had a certain degree of appeal .
as employment of some hours of work is low , the form of flexible and free work is gradually affected by the globe of many graduates who are seeking employment , 143 % of the hours of work are graduates of secondary and secondary schools in the past three years .
i did not want to work for an hour at the beginning , but after i finished a few months , i felt it was better to work for the fifth night of the ninth dynasty .
after graduating from the university , the work that he found was not as satisfactory as he did . finally , he hung his name at a guesthouse and used piano to play the background music .
the work now is very satisfactory , and i have 100 yuan per hour , the environment is good , and i am now looking for more hours .
it is understood that the work of an hour has become a part of the work experience accumulated by some graduates who are now seeking jobs , and an important way to improve their communication skills and social records .
the job of graduates is mainly focused on knowledge and skills , and the job is mainly concentrated on jobs with a higher degree of specialization , with a strong sense of acting , a strong sense of age , and a strong proportion of artists , including 22.1 % and 26.8 % respectively .
the skills of hours of work and part of the job are not high , such as food promoters and freight agents , and the unemployed personnel can be appointed through simple training .
data show that the number of hours of work workers was 39,000 , of which the proportion of unemployed personnel in the retail category was 68.4 percent , and the proportion of restaurants and beverages was 58.7percent , and the number of hours of work became an important channel for the unemployed to find jobs .
wu bangguo inspects anhui work
beijing , february 8 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has made great efforts to promote the development of the friendly cooperative relations between the two countries , wu bangguo , member of the standing committee of the political bureau of the cpc central committee , stressed during his recent inspection of anhui province .
from 6 to 8 february , wu bangguo inspected the wushan mountain , wuwu , wujiu , and other fields , and went deep into the village 's zhulu research institute and colleges and universities to inspect the situation .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui has the ability to link the southern section of the yangtze river to the south with the north . it is an important agricultural region in china , rich in natural resources , a relatively good industrial foundation , a strong strength in science and education , a unique advantage in cultural tourism resources , and a great development potential .
anhui should firmly grasp the major opportunity to promote the rise of central china and always adhere to the central task of economic construction without wavering , conscientiously implement the central principles and policies in close connection with anhui 's actual conditions , creatively carry out work , and implement the scientific development concept in concrete measures and in actual work .
we should sum up practical experience in a timely manner , fully rely on the masses , vigorously support reform and innovation , and constantly open up a new situation in anhui 's work .
we should actively promote the building of a harmonious society and persistently take the realization of the fundamental interests of the overwhelming majority of the people as the starting point and end point of all our work , actively create conditions , and gradually resolve the practical problems of the masses in difficulty , gradually adjust the distribution relations , gradually change the gap between urban and rural areas , and safeguard and realize social fairness and justice , so that all the people can share the results of reform and development .
wu bangguo stressed : china has already reached the stage where it must rely more on enhancing its ability to independently innovate and improving the quality of laborers to promote economic and social development . only by vigorously promoting scientific and technological progress and innovation can we achieve a qualitative leap in productive forces and promote economic and social development to truly enter the track of scientific development .
we should establish and perfect as quickly as possible a system and mechanism favorable to innovation , increase investment in science and technology , encourage patent inventions , develop famous brands , speed up the transformation of scientific and technological achievements into practical productive forces , strengthen the position of enterprises as the main body of independent innovation , and continuously raise the contribution of scientific and technological progress to economic growth .
we must support and encourage the participation of key technological elements in distribution , and establish and perfect the statistical indexes system that embodies the ability to independently innovate . we must study and formulate policies for supporting independent innovation in finance and government procurement , and form a policy system that encourages independent innovation .
we should nurture a sense of innovation in the whole society , vigorously advocate the spirit of daring to innovate and boldly compete , and strive to create a good atmosphere of talent coming forth in large numbers .
wu bangguo pointed out : the npc has played an important role in ruling the country according to law and building a socialist country ruled by law .
to do a good job in the work of the people 's congress in the new situation , we must , first , uphold the correct political orientation , unswervingly follow the path of socialist political development with chinese characteristics , and organically integrate the adherence to the party 's leadership over the people as masters of their own affairs and the rule of the country according to law .
second , we should closely center our work around the overall situation of the party and the state , closely centering on major issues in reform , development , and stability , and work closely around hot and difficult issues of common concern to the masses of the people , and continually enhance the effectiveness of the npc 's work .
third , it is necessary to give play to the characteristics and advantages of the npc 's work , persist in democratic centralism , act in strict accordance with the procedures , and collectively decide the problems .
we must adhere to the mass line , take people as the foundation , exercise power for the people , be concerned with the people , and work for the people .
china proposes major scientific research plans for the next 15 years
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has made great efforts to boost its international competitiveness , promote sustainable development , and achieve a major leap forward in key areas , the " outline of the state 's long - term plans for scientific and technological development ( 2006 - 2020 ) " issued by the state council on 9 february has drawn up four major scientific research plans .
the four major scientific plans are the results of research on protein , the research and development of the monool , and the research on the development and breeding of breast - breeding .
the program points out that protein science is the life science that developed countries are now fighting fiercely for the sake of life science .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on the study of the bio - transmitting team of important biological systems , the study of the biosecurity of the bogus , the study of the structure of the biology and the biology and system biology and the research of protein in related methods and related basic research .
the outline also maintains that the quantitative regulation and control research is obviously forward - looking and may have a negative impact on the social and economic development of mankind from 20 to 30 years .
china should focus on the research of the carrier and the principles and methods of regulation and control of quantum telecommunications , calculate the volume of the new quantitative effect , and the new principles and new technological basis for measuring the performance of the quantitative system , and the new technology basis .
in addition , the outline points out that nanotechnology has become a strategic choice for many countries to enhance their core competitiveness and is one of china 's fields that is hopeful to achieve a leap in development .
in the next 15 years , china will focus its research on this field , including the control of nanometer material , and the production of its own assembled and functional , the study of nasomeialgamation , nanometer medicine , namometer , levy , and measurement , and the research of nanometer material and the application of nanotechnology in energy resources , such as the technology of nanotechnology , and so on .
china 's population growth is too large , birth defects are too many , transplant organs are in serious shortage , and the aging peak is approaching . therefore , it is urgently necessary to make breakthroughs in the theory of reproductive and development and to make technological innovations .
according to the outline , china will focus on studying stem cells in 2006 - 2020 , focusing on the development of the bacteria and the development of the maturity of the cells , the depression and retreat of the human body 's reproductive function , and the safety and ethics of the cells and stem cells technology .
last year , shanghai 's housing prices dropped nearly seven percentage points .
shanghai , february 9 ( xinhua ) the world economy will grow at a faster pace in 2005 , with the state 's macro regulation and control policy on real estate industry being the main factor in shanghai .
according to the latest data , the shanghai real estate industry has achieved a relatively clear decline or slowing down in all indicators last year .
of the total , the increase in residential prices of goods dropped 6.6 percentage points from the previous year , and the added value of real estate industry declined 4.1 percent from the previous year .
pan jianxin , director of the shanghai municipal bureau of statistics , said at a press conference the other day that the average selling price of commodities in shanghai municipality in 2005 was 6698 yuan / square meter , 313 yuan higher than in 2004 .
the price of commercial residential sales for the whole year was 9.2 percent higher than that of the previous year , and the rate of increase was 6.6 percentage points lower than that of the same period last year .
the added value of real estate industry for the whole year was 670.23 billion yuan , down 4.1 percent from the previous year .
in the outstanding loans of financial institutions , the outstanding amount of personal mortgage loans was 264.494 - billion yuan , and the amount of loans increased by only 9.04 - billion yuan in the same year . the amount of new loans increased by 2004 to 728.09 - billion yuan .
pan jianxin said that the overall sales price of shanghai real estate shows that the price of commercial housing is stable and slumping .
the statistics also show that according to the latest data calculation , the real estate price increase in shanghai fell somewhat in 2005 , and the average sales price of residential housing was 6698 yuan / square meter , 313 yuan higher than that of 2004 .
the sales price level for 2005 is 9.77percent higher than that of the previous year , and the increase rate is 6.2 percentage points lower than that of the previous year .
according to his briefing , last year , shanghai completed the real estate development investment of 124.686 - billion yuan , an increase of 6.1 percent over the previous year .
the sales area was 3158.87 million square meters , down 9.5 percent .
the total sales of commercial houses were 21.63 billion yuan , down 4.55 percent from the previous year .
two light aircraft crashed in new zealand
wellington , february 9 ( xinhua ) two new zealand light aircraft crashed north of wellington on monday at the fangong region about 100 km north of the capital huilon , killing two students at the plane .
according to a relevant responsible person of the local civil aviation department , the two aircraft 's pilots are both pilots of the university 's flight academy . they are also undergoing training and have not obtained any flight license .
when the incident occurred , two planes were in a non - air control area , and according to the regulations , the pilots should be responsible for the navigational and security of the aircraft when flying in such a region .
a man who was on the scene of the incident told new zealand media that he heard a huge explosion when the plane collided with the plane and saw the plane crashed quickly .
another eyewitness also confirmed that the two countries had heard a huge explosion before the plane crashed and saw the plane crashes .
the reason for the collision is not clear . local civil aviation departments will investigate the incident .
china , argentina vow to strengthen cooperation with taiwan beijing , jan. 20
xinhua news agency , buenos aires , february 8 ( reporter cao yu ) the chinese delegation of overseas chinese in argentina , which is a chinese community living in argentina , issued a solemn statement on 8 february , strongly condemning chen shui - bian 's recent speech of taiwan independence , and opposed any attempt to separate taiwan from china .
the statement said that chen shui - bian 's speech delivered on 29 january claimed that he would abolish the four principles of the union of states and the unification guidelines of the states , which were taken step by step toward the trend of taiwan independence .
compatriots on both sides of the strait have a desire for peace and the desire of the taiwan compatriots for peace and stability and development will face severe challenges .
the statement pointed out that resolutely opposing and containing the separatist activities of taiwan independence and safeguarding peace and stability in the taiwan strait region remains the most pressing task of compatriots on both sides of the strait and the chinese society around the world .
the statement stressed that the argentine china council for promoting peaceful reunification is willing to hold dialogue with all overseas chinese and chinese people on both sides of the strait who uphold the one - china principle , and resolutely oppose any form of taiwan independence and actively promote china 's peaceful reunification .
chinese expert : us preaches military threat to china
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to cut the number of arms sales to congress by a year to a record of 4th year , according to the pentagon , which is expected to pose a challenge to the united states in military affairs .
experts believe that this is a major contribution to china 's normal national defense construction , exaggerating the military threat from china , and interfering in china 's internal affairs .
the " four - year defense review report " is a new document of the pentagon 's national defense guidance .
this 92 - page report has been published in three paragraphs on china 's military strength and the us 's countermeasures , and the report has directly mentioned 15 times the history of china 's diplomacy of either the spanning or the cannes of china , and it says that china , as a major and emerging power , has the greatest potential to carry out military competition with the united states . if the united states does not adopt anti - control measures , china will probably develop its military weapons
professor xu shiquan , research fellow of the world military studies department of the chinese academy of military sciences , said : although senior us officials have expressed similar viewpoints many times before , this is the first time that the united states has proposed in its master of the national defense strategy that china is the emerging power that is most likely to pose a military challenge to the united states .
this report clearly defines russia 's bogus as the newly emerging strategic rival , especially the so - called " bogus military threat " .
peng guangqian , research fellow of the chinese academy of military sciences , said :
it is noteworthy that in the " four - year defense review report , " us president bush also submitted a draft resolution to congress on the government budget for the 2007 fiscal year , with the defense budget reaching $ 43.93 - billion .
if it is added to the military exercises in iraq and afghanistan ,
peng guangqian held that the us fabrication of the false unilateralism of other countries reflects the consistent style of the pentagon 's trumpet of the enemy , and its real purpose is to obtain more national defense funds and to seek more profits for the us munitions industry group .
experts say that compared with the enormous us military expenditure , china 's national defense expenditure is quite limited .
he has participated in the military expert deng hongzhou , who has written many times the chinese defense white paper , said : since the 1990s , with economic development , china 's national defense spending has increased , but the proportion of the state 's financial expenditure has generally shown a downward trend .
official data show that the figure for 2004 is only about 1 % of the national defense expenditure for the same period compared with 1979 .
china 's national defense budget for 2005 is 246.56 billion yuan renminbi , only about one - quarter of the united states , and the per - capita military expenditure is only about 1 / 60 of the united states , and the per - capita military expenditure is about 1 / 30 of the us military .
the us territory area and china 's territorial area are generally quite similar , but the difference in military expenditure is so huge . who exactly is the military strength going beyond the proper defense needs ? this is something that is self - evident .
peng guangqian said :
the research department of the china arms control and disarmament association , teng jianqun , said that the us side should objectively assess china 's military construction and china 's peaceful development does not mean that china and the united states will become rivals militarily in the future .
the " chinese national defense in 2004 " white paper says that china firmly follows the road of peaceful development and practices a defensive national defense policy .
china has never been as good as any other country in the past or at present .
so far , china has not established military bases in any other country , nor has it sent a single soldier to other countries , and the united states has over 100 military bases overseas , only having deployed more than 100,000 troops in the region .
professor zhu feng of the international relations college of beijing university said : china and the united states should increase communication and exchanges through the established channels , enhance understanding and mutual trust , and comprehensively promote the constructive and cooperative relations between china and the united states in the new century so as to jointly promote the maintenance of world peace and development .
( winter olympics ) turin olympics opening ceremony
duan , february 9 ( xinhua ) the second session of the 20 th winter olympics will be held on the evening of 10 february at 8 : 00 p.m . local time ( 0800 gmt ) in the capital city of dushanbe .
on 9 may , the organizing committee of the turin winter olympics revealed to reporters ahead of time the brilliant arrangements for the opening ceremony .
with regard to the opening ceremony , castro , chairman of the organizing committee , expressed his confidence that the opening ceremony will cost 10 - million euros and will focus on top - notch italian talents in various fields .
he said : the night of 10 july will be a day of unforgettable . at that time , 350,000 viewers and 2 - billion tv viewers around the world will see the opening ceremony full of passion and success .
the passion of flames was a warm and lively rimpulse of the five - star peace doves and the white snows and milk cows of alps will appear at the opening ceremony , the director said , describing the passion , vitality , and milk - type talent of italy will become the main theme of the opening ceremony , the biggest osce in history , the osaka meeting in the top of the history , and the four - year - long
the famous italian designer , amamari , specially designed for the opening ceremony , famous italian fashion brands morgan , will provide a courtesy for the guide of the athletes ' admission ceremony .
however , the famous italian male voice pavarotti will sing a song at the opening ceremony , and the organizing committee will leave this suspense in the end .
eight people who could sprinkle their heads with the ice ball players will use the flames of three meters and long to show the passion of the burning , and they will shut down on the scene many times at a speed of 70 km .
officials of the organizing committee held that this was the most satisfactory creation of their opening performance .
on how to ignite the main torch , the organizing committee did not reveal the earlier , but the main torch platform , which is as high as 57 meters , will light the residents on the mountain of the duling and nearby alps .
white house announces bush 's visit to pakistan , india , march
washington , february 9 ( xinhua ) the united states white house spokesman mcclellan said here today that the united states has been trying to smear islam 's cartoon , despite the fact that the incident of blasphemy against islam 's preemptive mohammed has triggered a strong protest in the islamic world , president bush will still visit pakistan and india in march .
mcclellan said that bush is looking forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he also said that he is now making arrangements for this visit .
mcclellan made the above remarks at a number of demonstrations in pakistan to protest the blasphemy of islam 's preemptive mohammed .
in january this year , bush met with pakistani prime minister aziz at the white house , and both sides expressed the desire to strengthen friendly cooperation to jointly crack down on terrorism that jeopardizes the security of the two countries .
bush also said that at the invitation of the pakistani and indian governments , he will pay a visit to pakistan and india in march .
hamas assails cabinet to break through
xinhua news agency , ramallah , february 9 ( international observation ) hamas has formed cabinet to seek breakthroughs
xinhua news agency reporter wang hao , huang
the palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) won the election of the legislative council , how to draw the blueprint of the new government has become the focus of international attention at present .
what new policy will hamas implement directly affect the interests of the parties concerned in the peace process in the next step .
at the same time , the united states and israel have adopted a more flexible approach in resisting the hamas government 's future .
at present , the palestinian parties are stepping up consultations to reach a consensus on the difficulties and sensitive points of the formation of a cabinet that involve future developments .
premier posts spend money on which family
hamas has been the only country in the world since hamas won the right to form a cabinet , and some people are worried that hamas 's prime minister will probably have differences with the current top leader abbas .
moreover , visiting hamas leader mahmoud al-malier stressed that the new palestinian government , which was set up by hamas , will not recognize israel , and this tough signal has also intensified international concerns .
the united states and israel have clearly expressed that they will not accept a hamas government that has the real power and threatened to halt economic aid to palestine and hand over tax to the palestinian side .
however , this does not hamper hamas from making flexible strategic adjustments , and it is a disastrous policy to choose independent candidates .
it is reported that in order to obtain the most international recognition , hamas leaders at home and abroad who have gathered in egypt recently decided to choose independent jakarta , chairman of the board of directors of the saudi grand school , jimmy , to become the new prime minister .
this move has not received any response from the parties concerned .
palestinian analyst hussein said that no matter who the prime minister 's job is spent , the most important thing is that the candidate of the prime minister should play down as much as possible the hard - pressed color of hamas , only by so doing can it be guaranteed the success of the cabinet formation .
power , distribution of power , distribution of power
from the internal perspective , the biggest challenge facing hamas 's cabinet is that it lacks sufficient experience in governance .
the " daily " of palestine analyzed that hamas 's social welfare program has attracted people 's attention , but in the aspect of governing , it lacks experience and is incompatible with the palestinian national liberation movement ( fatah ) , which has experience in governance .
hamas proposed a new peace accord with fatah after the election , and jointly formed a national coalition government , but fatah has not given a positive response to this .
there are still some problems in the fatah internal affairs , such as whether or not they will enter the cabinet , one faction advocating participation in the new government , and the other is rejecting hamas 's invitation , and the other is willing to play a positive role in the legislature .
the informed source pointed out that in abbas 's persuasion , fatah gradually leans toward joining the new government .
even so , hamas and fatah will also hold consultations on the distribution of cabinet posts .
another way is to form a legislative committee framework that is divorced from the party 's cabinet .
it is reported that hamas has also designed a clean and expert - type government , but the specific list is unknown .
in view of the attitude of the united states and israel , the technical expert - type government is no longer a way to form a cabinet to reduce external pressure .
according to the palestinian " basic law , " the new legislative council will nominate the prime minister and form a cabinet after the new legislative committee takes office on 16 february . the work of nominating the prime minister and forming the cabinet will be completed within three to five weeks .
armed forces should be the only way to go from being armed
hamas 's weapons are the most important task for forming a new government .
the united states and israel have taken a very tough attitude and resolutely demanded that hamas abandon violence and reject the use of arms to participate in government and political affairs .
hamas leader mahmoud al-malier stressed on 9 november that armed resistance was the strategic choice of the organization .
the armed issue actually includes the legitimacy of weapons and the control of the armed forces .
hamas , through democracy and freedom , has been elected as the first party of the legislative council , and has been recognized internationally , so that its subordinate armed factions will be able to legitimize the process of legitimizing the cabinet to unify it with the government security organs .
hamas once proposed to reunify the armed forces of various factions to the palestinian national authority , but did not receive a broad response and was also attacked by the palestinian islamic jihad ( jemir ) .
palestine currently has more than 60,000 security personnel , and the overwhelming majority of them are from the fatah camp .
moreover , fatah also has some organization relations with the armed factions , such as the assassination of martyrs in al-aqsa , and the hawks of the fatah .
hamas , who is responsible for forming a cabinet , must hold talks with abbas on how to manage the armed forces that are all in their own hands and rationally distribute security control power .
according to local media reports , abbas intends to be in charge of security and intelligence units , police , civil defense and other organs , and the interior ministry of the new government will be under control .
however , all sides are still holding consultations on this sensitive issue , and so far no specific document has been made .
china issues ultra - high investigation report
beijing , february 10 ( xinhua ) china 's national oceanic administration has issued the " 2005 ultra inspection report " recently , which is a major event in china 's polar scientific research activities over the past 20 years .
the " report " comprehensively reflects the scientific research activities of china 's ultra - scientific expedition in 2005 , the major progress and results of the scientific research on the extreme logistic support base .
according to the " report , " at 22:15 on 9 january 2005 ( beijing time ) , china 's antarctic observer team successfully boarded the antarctic coast of the antarctic antarctic antarctic ice - covered icecap area , and decided at 315 hours ( beijing time ) on the high - altitude position of the ice - dominated chungshan on 18 january .
competition is becoming increasingly fierce international polar exploration stage , and chinese people are firmly determined and unafraid of their will and spirit , and are brave to open up new fields . they have first launched a series of activities to attack and achieve success in the highest point of view of the south pole , thus realizing another human dream in the south .
sun zhizai , director of the state oceanic administration , said :
the " report " shows that on 24 march 2005 , china 's 21 st antarctic expedition team returned to shanghai successfully completing its mission . the inspection lasted 151 days and the voyage was 2,6500 nautical miles .
on 18 november that year , china 's 22 nd antarctic expedition team left shanghai to conduct scientific research activities at the zhongshan station in the antarctic pole . it will leave the zhongshan station to shanghai via australia before the end of february 2006 .
because it was the first ultra investigation report issued by china , the " 2005 china ultra - polar inspection report " also gave a comprehensive assessment of china 's extreme probe of its undertakings in the early 1980 s .
according to the " report , " in 1983 , china officially joined the " antarctic treaty " and became a member of the antarctic treaty organization and one after another , it became the most influential member of the antarctic research committee , the mangkao bureau , and other international organizations for the south polarity affairs .
in 1997 , china became a member of the arctic science committee and won the right to speak and decision on international extreme affairs .
the " report " pointed out that china 's ultra - slated exploration of things has never been so far as to develop , and the initial scale of the survey has become a northerly - mongol observation system in the three stations . the first one is to examine the arctic science . that is , the changcheng station in the antarctic pole in february 1985 , the central mountain station in february 1989 , the northern pole base , and the yellow river pol@@
statistics from the " report " show that by the end of 2005 , china had organized 22 research meetings in antarctic science to study the two major scientific research projects , with the two - batch research project of the northern pole , which is a platform of platforms , on the two sides , to examine the yellow river station in the arctic . up to now , more than 3,000 people have visited the southern pole in person and conducted on - the - spot inspection .
at present , we are making preparations for the establishment of the third antarctic observation station , and is also china 's first inland inspection station in the antarctic .
sun zhihui said :
after more than 20 years of efforts , china 's ultra - polar exploration has occupied a large place in the world 's polar exploration , but it is still far from being quite far from being compared with other major polar countries . we must catch up with one another and catch up with one another .
he said .
sun zhizai disclosed that china will publish an ultra - looking report every year .
china : castro meets with chen zhili , says sino - cuban cooperation in science , education
havana , february 10 ( xinhua ) cuba 's state council chairman castro met with visiting chinese vice president hu jintao , who is currently on a visit to cuba , on 10 february . both sides expressed their desire to continuously strengthen mutually beneficial cooperation in education , science and technology , and other fields .
president castro warmly welcomed president chen zhili on his visit to cuba .
he said : cuba - china relations are very friendly , with frequent high - level visits , and have effectively promoted and strengthened the friendship and mutual understanding between the two sides . he expressed the hope that the two countries will continue to deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in various fields , including education and science and technology .
chen zhili said : cuba is an important country in latin america and the caribbean region .
the friendship between the chinese and cuban peoples goes back to ancient times .
cuba is the first country in latin america to establish diplomatic relations with new china .
after entering the new century , under the concern and impetus of leaders of the two countries , mutual political trust between the two countries has been deepening , cooperation has been expanding , mutual support and cooperation in international affairs have entered a new period of comprehensive development .
she believed that with the joint efforts of both sides , sino - cuban friendly cooperation will certainly produce more fruitful results .
chen zhili also pointed out that the chinese government has always attached importance to exchanges and cooperation with cuba in the educational field .
in recent years , the two countries have conducted exchanges of education and frequent personnel .
china actively supports the international conference held by the cuban side and has sent delegations to attend previous world higher education meetings and the 2005 world conference on eliminating illiteracy .
cuba 's basic education level is very high , and it is hoped that relevant experiences will be further strengthened in the future .
chen zhili said : china and cuba have made great achievements in scientific and technological research and development , and can achieve mutual benefit and win - win results through cooperation in various fields .
the chinese side has provided some scientific research equipment to cuba , and hopes to play a positive role in cuba 's scientific research and production .
she also briefed castro on china 's strategy of invigorating the country through science and education and the national science and technology conference .
chen zhili arrived in cuba on february 9 at the invitation of the cuban government to begin his visit to cuba .
during this period , chen zhili met with the cuban minister of higher education wolfensoo and inspected the research of the science of harvard university of information science , the king of the queen mamo school and the santa maria primary school .
traffic accident on beijing - kazakhstan highway
harbin , february 11 ( xinhua ) the chinese embassy in the united states of kazakhstan will provide emergency relief to traffic accidents in the area of the 58 km of the beijing - kazakhstan highway at about 2300 on february 10 , causing the closure of some sections of roads .
according to the traffic police of the shuangcheng city public security bureau , at about 2300 on 10 april , three cars collided with a motorcycle colliding with a 58 - kilometer - long highway in beijing and kazakhstan . a truck of the sedan , a tanker , collided with a tanker , and a gas tanker , causing a cracks , and the discarded oil flowed on the road .
it is understood that the tanker is loaded with waste oil after being produced in coke .
the heavy fog of waste oil is high and it is also afraid that the flower may cause fire in the past , and the departments concerned have closed the roads of the accident site .
harbin will close some of the roads in the two cities , and many vehicles will make a detour .
at present , relevant departments are screening the scene , and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
hk , macau , taiwan to hold flag - raising ceremony
hong kong , february 11 ( xinhua ) the company announced on the 11 th that it will extend its service to the 3 rd track of the company of 3 - 0 telecommunications under the flag of the company .
and mr henry fok , general manager of the huang group , said that although the three italian expeditions had been approved by all relevant regulatory agencies , the stock subscription procedures must be completed within a few weeks and the time is too hasty .
at the same time , the european telecom stocks are weak and the market may not necessarily give them a single - track , matching price for listing at this moment .
in view of the fact that shareholders have the greatest consideration of their interests , the decision to postpone the listing is postponed .
as for when the stock market will be re - opened , mr footman said that the market would depend on the future business of the european telecommunications market .
he held that from now on to further prospecting , italy needs to develop a wide range of activities for investors to conduct education activities in order to gain a clearer understanding of the current strong performance and favorable prospects of italy 's three - digit telecom investment market .
according to media reports , italy 's marion , one of the world 's coordinators , is highly robust , agreeing to sell its shares of 420 million euros in private matching and sales , holding 103 % of its shares , and expected to be completed by the end of march this year .
china , myanmar trade to develop
yangon , february 12 ( xinhua ) china 's ambassador to myanmar , mr harri , and economic and business counsellor , mr tang , received a special interview with xinhua on the eve of myanmar prime minister 's visit to china on the 14th . he said that the economic and trade relations between china and burma are developing in a rich content and diverse form of economy and trade .
ambassador guan mu said : in recent years , the friendly cooperative relations between china and burma , established on the basis of the five principles of peaceful co - existence , have been consolidated and developed , exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been expanding and deepening , and economic and trade relations between the two countries have been constantly expanding and strengthening .
counselor tang said that the high - level visits between the two countries have effectively promoted the development of bilateral economic and trade cooperation .
the two countries have conducted high - level visits in 2004 , and the two sides signed 33 documents on economic and trade cooperation , most of which are being implemented and implemented .
he said : the year 2004 is $ 1.14 - billion , and the figure is $ 1.09 - billion in 2005 , of which $ 935 - billion is exported and $ 274.4 - billion is imported .
last year , china 's yunnan and myanmar trade ( including border trade ) amounted to 6.3 - billion us dollars , up 14.6 percent from the previous year .
tang said that myanmar has become a bridge for chinese enterprises to contract projects , and china has made major projects in myanmar including the power plant , the bridges and factories ( such as the sugar factory , the stake plant , the muddy rice mill , etc. ) .
chinese enterprises start engineering and business in burma , bringing along the export of various kinds of machinery and electrical products in china . myanmar has become an important market for china 's complete sets of equipment and machinery and electronic products .
according to statistics from the chinese customs , in the past five to six years , the export of mechanical and electrical products has accounted for about 45.5 percent of china 's total exports to myanmar .
tang said that myanmar has rich resources and chinese companies have already started investing in burma 's oil and gas fields , including the rubbish mine , and other resources development projects .
he hoped that chinese enterprises will have a long - term vision , learn how to avoid risks and make prudent decisions , establish a good image of enterprises , and ensure that projects are completed on schedule , so as to win the glory of the country .
ambassador guan mu and counsellor tang shuhai both held that premier soe 's forthcoming official visit to china is a major event in this year 's bilateral relations , and is of great significance to enhancing political mutual trust , promoting bilateral cooperation , and promoting the further development of the good - neighborly and friendly relations between china and burma .
it is estimated that during the visit , the two sides will sign several documents on economic and trade cooperation .
world bank to reduce or waive poverty debt
moscow , february 11 ( xinhua ) world bank president wolfowitz said in moscow on the 11 th that the world bank would completely waive the debt of the poorest countries by the middle of this year .
wolfowitz held talks with the leaders of the countries attending the g - 8 finance ministers ' meeting in moscow on the same day .
in a statement issued after the meeting , he said that the world bank would implement the debt relief and reduction plan before 1 july , and that the world bank is now completing all technical work for this purpose .
last year , the world bank donated countries completely exempted the debts owed by 28 countries and indicated that they would fill the funds for the relevant trust funds .
the imf 's creditor 's amount is relatively small , and the imf has started to cut or waive its debts by the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz has also exempted from the decision of 16 african countries on debt .
the high - ranking digital tv has gradually become the mainstream in the united states .
new york , february 12 ( xinhua ) the new york - based high - resolution digital tv ( microprocessor ) has been declining and the market has been expanding , and us television transmission agencies have also stepped up their efforts to launch a corresponding high - definition tv program .
the us superpass , which has just come to the end , has become a hot - spot game for american broadcast operators to welcome tv 's high - qing era .
according to a recent report by the financial times , the us congress recently passed a bill , stipulating that american broadcasting operators must completely stop broadcasting the existing simulated television signals on 17 february 2009 , and only send digital signals .
this means that the comprehensive digitization of the us tv program has already been clearly set .
the high resolution digital tv should rely on consumers to buy tv sets on the one hand , and on the other hand , it must rely on the production agency to provide high - resolution programs .
although digital tv has been repeatedly mentioned in the past few years , it has never become a reality .
this problem has taken a turn for the better this year .
according to the forecast of the american consumer electronics association , the volume of digital tv products sold in the united states for the first time will exceed the traditional tv sets , and 85.5 percent of the digital tv sets are high - resolution products .
japanese researchers develop new highly - effective human kidneys
tokyo , february 13 ( xinhua ) the world 's biggest oil producer , a research team of the east china sea university of japan , has developed a biological human - made kidneys , which not only has the same function of substituting the kidney of humans , but also has the function of retaining the material content . it is easy to transplant the body . with the study going deep , it is hopeful that it will bring good news to kidney patients .
according to the " nihon keizai industrial news " the other day , the newly developed biological artificial - made kidneys are mainly composed of two parts , and part are the filtration of the staffed of the stagnant water from the blood , and the other part is the reentry of the blood - borne legend from the original urine of the surine diving and the acid of the polymic , which has the components of
the two sides of the strait have a deep - rooted relationship between the two sides .
this stem cells can enable the blood - dioxining diseases to be discriminated against the same , and can be traced to the drug acid because the material divide is deemed to be the acid and the blood , and at the same time , it can also enable the glucose of the glucose of the glucose that is essential for physical health to enter the blood again .
the previous human - made kidneys relied on the differential treatment of seepage and refined waste , and could not completely eliminate it , and also did not have the ability to return to the blood of the acid and other components .
researchers use sheep to conduct bio - transplant experiments , artificial kidneys , and artificial - made middle - skin stem cells .
two weeks later , researchers confirmed that human - made kidneys could be able to play their functions .
at present , they are developing and using the biological kidney of human kidneys and will be working on clinical research after testing their safety .
china 's power safety still faces severe challenges
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the national electric power supervision and control commission ( npc ) said on the 13th that although the overall situation of power safety in 2005 remains stable , the safety of power production still faces severe challenges .
wang weihua , vice chairman of the national power supervision and control commission , said at the fifth meeting of the national electric power safety production committee ( enlarged ) here that china 's power safety production in 2005 was generally stable , and the task of greeting the peak and summer was completed successfully , thus achieving a safety supply and electricity supply task , actively dealing with the intrusion of natural disasters , basically ensuring the safety and stability of the power industry , ensuring a sharp reduction in power safety equipment and
however , he pointed out that with the changes in the power supply and demand situation and the large number of newly built generating units being put into operation , the safety of power production will face new challenges .
these challenges include the regional seasonings of the plank , the lack of electricity , and the situation of power supply and demand in some regions is on the low side , and because the benign mechanism for coal prices has not yet formed , there are still quite a big problem in the supply of coal , and at the same time , the problem of the decline in the quality of power and coal has not been effectively controlled , and this will seriously affect the stable operation of power generating units , the
shi yubo said : with the deepening of the reform of the power system , many deep - seated contradictions will continue to be exposed . how to maintain the stability of the staff and workers and ensure that normal production order will become a new problem facing us .
in view of the work of electric power safety in 2006 , shi yubo said that it is necessary to further consolidate the basic work of power safety production safety and management , speed up the establishment and improvement of the power safety emergency management mechanism , enhance the ability to cope with sudden incidents , strengthen coordination and coordination of power plants , jointly safeguard the safety of power power power stations , continue to do a good job in the safety supervision and management of the dams , ensure safety of the dam , strengthen the
it is reported that in light of the new situation in the safety of electric power , the power supervision committee will make a revision and improvement of the " interim regulations on investigating the power production accident " which have been promulgated this year . at the same time , the supporting documents on the safety of the major dam and the second power power power power station 's system for the second system will be issued this year .
in 2005 , the total power consumption in china will reach 246.89 billion kilowatts , an increase of 13.455 percent over the same period of the previous year .
in the face of the situation of power supply and demand being still tight , the contradiction of coal , electricity , oil , and transportation is conspicuous , all power enterprises have taken effective measures to strengthen equipment management . there was no exceptionally big equipment accident in the whole country 's power production last year .
the power grid accident occurred 74 times , a decrease of 127 times over the same period of the previous year , and 427 equipment accidents were reported , a decrease of 132 compared with the same period last year .
the south african embassy in china said that there is no such thing as organized crimes against chinese citizens in south africa
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has made great efforts to promote the development of the south african country 's economy , said a senior official here thursday .
he also said that the south african government will do its utmost to crack down on all forms of criminal activities .
fu said the south african government hopes to reduce the rate of crime to zero , and hopes that each of the foreigners working in south africa will be able to secure the safety of their lives and property .
since 2006 , four senior chinese citizens have been holding a meeting in south africa , and the chinese world has shown broad concern over this .
the chinese ministry of foreign affairs has made representations to the south african side and reminded chinese citizens in south africa to further enhance their awareness of security and prevention , strengthen unity and friendship among the overseas chinese , and cooperate with the police in cracking down on criminal activities .
we will express the most sincere sympathy and sympathy to the victims ' families .
fu kangning said : we regret this and ask china 's people to believe that the south african government is now conducting a serious investigation of each case involving china .
according to the chinese embassy in south africa , the south african police have successfully solved the case of chinese fujian woman chen jianqing killed in south africa on 5 february , and a suspect has been arrested .
police are now hunting for another suspect .
according to the south african embassy in china , the number of suspects suspected of shooting the hong kong businessman in january this year has been arrested by south african police and the victims ' property has been recovered .
on the incident of chinese citizens being killed , the chinese government said that the incident was indeed a big threat to the relations between the two countries and the trade , tourism and other fields .
the south african embassy tourism commissioner , nelson noui , told the chinese embassy that the embassy had provided more than 2,000 visitors to south africa only in the first 15 days of this year .
according to chinese official statistics , south africa will continue to maintain its position as the largest trade partner of africa in 2005 .
the bilateral trade volume reached $ 7.27 billion , an increase of 223 percent over the same period last year .
however , people from the tourism industry believe that the series of incidents of chinese citizens ' murder in 2004 has a significant impact on the number of chinese tourists to south africa .
south africa 's tourism bureau statistics show that china 's tourists to south africa in the first half of 2005 were 20331 , a decrease of 14.9 percent from the same period last year .
the chinese people living in south africa now have about 200,000 , and the towns and villages in south africa are all scattered .
analysts here believe that the social disparity between south africa and the rich and the poor is wide , the unemployment rate is high , and there is no threat to death , so the crime rate is high .
because many chinese do not understand english , there are cash in their bodies and their families , and this is more likely to become the target of the criminal 's financial attack .
hk , hk to promote english learning and training
hong kong , february 13 ( xinhua ) the hong kong special administrative region government launched a new program to promote english in hong kong , which aims to raise the english standard of more people .
this english language , which is a good study of english and a rich life , is a theme , including a series of promotional activities to promote the learning and training of english in the workplace , and to enable employers to better understand how to help their employees improve their english standard .
up to now , the scheme has provided nearly 25,000 people with the vocational english training programme to meet the needs of the relevant categories of workplaces .
hong kong 's workplace english campaign is a special administrative region government launched in 2000 .
the campaign is an important project to provide english training for workplace english training .
the scheme aims to help the nets to use english in their work , and to provide them with a wide range of work through participating in training and participating in the designated international business english language examinations .
the inspection and testing of aids in hebei has been carried out with free voluntary donation
shijiazhuang , february 14 ( xinhua ) the public health department of hebei province recently formulated and issued the " regulations on the implementation of voluntary consultation for aids in hebei province " ( trial implementation ) , which clearly specifies the principle of free voluntary consultation and inspection of aids , and sets out the principle of keeping the hosts of aids . it hopes that hiv infections and patients can be discovered to the maximum , and further steps to prevent interference in the prevention and control measures and remove the
the " program " explicitly stipulates that the work of voluntary consultation and examination of aids in hebei province is free of charge in the testing and consultation of aids antibody , aids resistance inspection , consultation on a voluntary basis , and the consent of the knowledge ; aids resistance against body testing and consultation and keeping on - the - job security ; and the aids virus hiv carriers and aids patients ' legitimate rights and interests are protected and provided corresponding follow - up services .
the " program " requires that the aids consultation and testing center should be set at the site for convenient consulting personnel , and in order to protect the selfish interests of consulting personnel , there should be separate rooms and a one - on - one consultation can be conducted .
the choice of consulting personnel in the state council should fully take into account the personal quality of the person , the knowledge and the ability to exchange .
to protect the selfish interests of consulting personnel , the inspection and checking leaflets can be used for registration by code or number .
the " program " also requires that health administrative departments at and above the county level should announce the results of their voluntary medical and health care institutions and consultation telephone numbers in their local major media to help the masses understand the relevant information .
the ministry of public security still focused on the work of extorting confessions by torture .
beijing , february 14 ( xinhua ) the police inspector and inspector bureau of the ministry of public security , zheng baigang , deputy director of the police supervision bureau , pointed out at a news conference held by the ministry of public security on the 14th that the alleged inappropriate way to allow criminal suspects to admit guilty of crime is absolutely unacceptable in china .
the focus of supervision departments ' work is to prevent the occurrence of these problems .
he also pointed out that some international organizations have a strong understanding of the law enforcement situation of the chinese police , and they are not completely correct .
the latest information provided by the ministry of public security on 14 april shows that the ministry of public security has issued the " regulations on keeping measures in place by public security organs for putting on record " in 2002 , which are promulgated by the public security organs for putting on record " the regulations on applying continuing interrogations " in 2004 . this has better ensured that the measures adopted by public security organs at the grassroots level to apply for interrogations according to law have been implemented .
since 1997 , in order to promote the in - depth progress of the three things of management ( i.e. , punishing the use of firearms and ammunition , and harassing mandatory measures for the use of compulsory weapons ) , police inspectors of public security organs throughout the country have persistently carried out in - depth supervision of police forces , the police force , and public security supervision and control centers , as well as the first - line law enforcement units on the spot of law enforcement , and have made a
to prevent the problem of law enforcement at the source , the police inspectors ' departments have further extended the tentacles of law enforcement inspectors , stepped up their supervision of the relevant pyramid measures , and stepped up supervision of law enforcement personnel and stolen vehicle information on the admission of stolen robberies and robbed of information on motorcycles .
hk , macau to promote economic cooperation in taipei
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) taipei has been honorary chairman of the taiwan strait exchange foundation ( sef ) , sun yun - hsuan , who once served as honorary chairman of the board of the taiwan strait exchange foundation , died of acute heart failure and blood failure in taipei early morning on the 15th .
sun yun - hsuan was born on 11 november 1913 in penglai , shandong , and graduated from the electric machinery department of the harbin industrial university .
it was the first time in the 10 th to 13 th central committee of the kuomintang , the 11 th standing committee member of the 12 th central committee , and the 14 th central advisory committee member to the presidium and the 15 th central advisory committee .
he once served as director of the taiwan authorities ' transportation , and the head of the economic department , as well as the president of the executive yuan .
heilongjiang to promote the ecological environmental impact assessment and countermeasures for songhua river water pollution
harbin , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to cut the water level and the ice layers of the ice - sealed river by the songhua river to the river during the period of the ice and ice , and heilongjiang province will actively promote the implementation of the evaluation and countermeasures for the ecological environment of songhua river .
the reporter learned from the heilongjiang provincial environmental protection bureau that the " dongfeng - 10 " large - scale environmental impact assessment and countermeasures project under the guidance of the state environmental protection administration has identified 15 special topics , which are divided into three parts , namely , emergency environmental assessment and countermeasure evaluation and control of the ecological effects of the incident , and the comprehensive assessment of the human body 's health control project , integrated into five aspects , and the specific time is set to complete the plan in three stages .
currently , there are 10 scientific research institutes in heilongjiang province with a total of over 60 people undertaking 14 research projects .
according to information , environmental protection departments and relevant scientific research institutes will provide information on five special topics , namely , the emergency environmental assessment and the research of countermeasures for emergencies , and strive to solve environmental problems that the masses are urgently concerned about .
the main control of the concentration of pollutants from the surface is the impact of the pollutant concentration on the consumption safety of water products from the songhua river .
the environmental protection department of heilongjiang province will also step up environmental supervision over the coastal areas of the songhua river , seriously investigate and handle environmental incidents that cause serious pollution caused by illegal discharge and illegal construction .
heilongjiang will send environmental law enforcement personnel to supervise and guide the implementation of comprehensive improvement of the environment in small river basins and improve the environment of the arbang river and other tributary currents .
beijing university sets memorial tabulation to offer condolences to academician wang xuan
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to cut the number of students in beijing to 1-20 after a few days of intense arrangements , the academician 's tang xuan , who is set up at the 100 th anniversary memorial hall , was officially opened on the morning of 15 february .
at about 0800 hours , the hall was not open yet , and there were dozens of people outside the door .
the reporters have learned from the commemorative hall of the beijing university 's 100 th anniversary memorial hall that the wall of the hall was hung on the wall of the hall , with black banners , mourning academician wang xuan .
the site is a dozen square meters of wang xuan 's statue . he is wearing a glasses and a smile , a smile , and a rhythm .
the two sides of the remains were decorated with several thousand dragons , dozens of wings , and two sides .
one of the corpses of the wreath is : the first time in the history of qin shengsheng 's establishment of tang 's glorious china , and the present drawing of the blueprint of the lead in the coming years .
in the hall of the people , the mourning was joyous and low , and the atmosphere was heavy .
among those who mourned were leaders , teachers , and students of beijing university , friends of academicians wang xuan , friends of academicians , as well as many people who had never been familiar with him .
some of them have held high the flowers in their hands , some hold the flowers baskets , and every person has to take a small white flower in his chest , slowly walking to the remains of academician wang xuan , bowing to his bow .
many people could not help but shed tears .
he was once director of the state cultural relics bureau , and was an old alumni of beijing university . he told this reporter that he was still working in henan province more than 10 years ago , and he had asked professor wang to give a report on scientific and technological innovation to the provincial party committee cadres .
academician wang chose to master the skills of others and to learn from them . he served as a major contribution to the country and society , and the people will never forget him .
the jin ruilin of the beijing university law school , who is in the same old friend as wang selected for more than 40 years , is a old friend .
a few days ago , he was just discharged . he insisted on doing a good job with old friends .
in his speech , mr. jin wrote in the book that he could not contain his own grief and polished his words on many occasions .
he told reporters that professor wang xuan 's life was very frugal , and he had already been professor when he was about to hold the tong fu garden , and he had already made very high achievements , but he still stayed in a very small flat for many years .
later , he moved to chengzai garden and moved to a place 780 square meters for more than 10 years .
beijing university gave him a letter to academicians of the blue camp , a large house of more than 140 square meters , and he did not want , and the high - level housing provided by fangzheng building also does not want him .
mr. jin recalled with deep feeling that wang xuan had made a lot of good treatment when he was visiting abroad , but he resolutely thanked him .
at the beginning , he insisted that he would not apply for academicians , and he was only able to fill up the table after several mobilization by mr. zhou peiyuan .
mr. jean chin 's profound feelings include the attitude of wang to nurture young people , he has emphasized on many occasions , and he has stressed on many occasions that he is still looking at what i have , not to see me himself , and should rely on cultivating young people .
mr. jin said , " in the 50 years , wang xuan began to pay attention to cultivating young people . he has always stressed that we must pave the way , and we must be willing to serve as a ladder and give young people a way .
this is a very successful scientist .
the reporter learned from the beijing university news center that from 9 : 00 a. m . on 15 february to 12 noon on 19 february , academician wang xuan 's hall was open to the public from 09:00 a. m . to 1600 hours a day .
it is known as the national cppcc committee vice chairman wu lianzheng who is now in his hands , and academician of the third world academy of sciences wang xuan , who is a member of the chinese academy of sciences , who died of illness in beijing and hospital at 11:33 hours on 13 february because of his illness .
china 's npc , chile 's parliament to establish mechanism of exchanges
wu bangguo attended the signing ceremony and signed the agreement .
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) , wu bangguo , chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) , attended the signing ceremony of a political dialogue relationship between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament at the great hall of the people on the afternoon of 15 february and signed the agreement in the document .
the chinese npc and the chilean parliament have formally established a mechanism for exchanges .
it is learned that chilean senate president roman and chamber speaker alexander alexander alexander signed the agreement in santiago , the capital of chile .
according to the agreement , the two sides will , in accordance with the principles laid down in the sino - chilean joint communique on establishing diplomatic relations , establish political dialogue between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament , and set up a dialogue committee to take turns to hold meetings at the two countries ' irregular meetings to jointly promote the comprehensive development of bilateral relations .
chilean ambassador to china kamarula and others attended the signing ceremony .
china to promulgate regulations on protection of information rights
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has launched a series of activities to reprint newspapers and magazines , according to a press report released by the chinese embassy here thursday .
wang ziqiang said : according to the existing law , the work published in newspapers and periodicals can be done without the author 's writing of the acid which can not be used in the past . at the same time , the newspaper and periodical publishing industry should pay the remuneration , and the state copyright administration has specially formulated the standards for the repayment of newspapers and periodicals in accordance with the law .
however , according to the existing law , the newspaper and periodical publishing houses enjoy the right to have such a statutory license , and at present the internet does not enjoy the right to permit such a legal license .
according to the relevant judicial explanations made by the supreme people 's court , the way of using newspapers and periodicals to reprint the legal license can apply to the internet , that is , short articles published on the internet by newspapers and periodicals , the author can not make a statement of the author that can not be used without permission , and at the same time pay remuneration .
however , as the judicial interpretation does not stipulate the remuneration standards , the time for using these works on the internet is not paid .
the question of the use of these short - term works on the internet is whether or not these short - term works are applied to the law , and it is also necessary to determine from the legal level .
wang ziqiang said : whether or not the trick will bring it into the scope defined by the law , and if the regulations on protecting the rights of transmission of information networks are promulgated this year , they will be confirmed .
russian military says georgia 's parliament resolution will not affect russian peacekeeping operations
moscow , february 15 ( xinhua ) russia 's defense ministry of defense news official sergeyev issued a statement to the media on the 15th , saying that the resolution made by the georgian parliament on russian peacekeeping forces will not affect russian military peacekeeping operations in the short term , and russian troops will continue to carry out peacekeeping missions in the south ossetia clash area .
the russian state duma ( lower house ) cis commission chairman kovsson expressed his views on the georgian parliament 's resolution on the russian peacekeeping forces on the same day , pointing out that this resolution by georgia will undermine the stability of the situation in the region and will produce an adverse impact on russian - georgian relations .
he stressed that the georgian parliament resolution has further deteriorated the relations between russia and georgia .
he said : the georgian side is absurd in accusing russia of being a charge .
the georgian parliament passed a resolution on the same day , asking russian peacekeeping forces to stop their peacekeeping operations in the south ossetia , but did not determine the specific deadline for the withdrawal of russian peacekeeping forces .
georgia 's parliament accuses russian peacekeeping personnel of failing to fulfill their obligations and taking russian actions in the region of conflict as an attempt to swallow georgia 's territory .
the georgian parliament demanded that the government take active actions to consider entering the south ossetia clash area to replace russia 's current peacekeeping operations in the region .
the georgian parliament also ordered the government to revise the relevant agreements on the entry of russian peacekeeping personnel to the conflict area .
the south ossetia is an autonomous state in georgia , and it is bordering the republic of russia 's northern ossetia .
after the disintegration of the former soviet union , it declared independence on its own and has been in a state of confrontation with the central government for a long time .
at present , russia has a 500 - strong peacekeeping battalion stationed in the region .
the unit is based on the information provided by the russian expedition of the northern ossetia of russia in 1992 .
the liaoyuan hospital fire four people responsible for the major fire will be prosecuted for the crime of major responsibility for the accident .
changchun , february 16 ( xinhua ) the jilin provincial liaoyuan city hospital has been in close contact with the local police , and the accident investigation team has identified 11 persons , including the head of the hospital electric workers squad , zhang diankun , and four others , who are suspected of major responsibility for the accident .
on 15 december 2005 , liaoyuan city 's largest hospital , the liaoyuan city 's largest hospital , was hit by a fire , and the final result was 39 people dead .
in this fire , the area of fire was over 5,000 square meters .
it is learned that this is the first national medical and health care system that has occurred since the founding of new china .
according to investigations , at about 1630 on the day of the incident , the liaoyuan city hospital suddenly stopped electricity and , according to the circuit design of the hospital , if the power station and the switch box electric lock will automatically jump to the deputy gate and continue to maintain the normal power supply of the hospital , but the electric gate at that time did not automatically dive , and the electric squad leader zhang diankun was forced to send fire after the cause of
the underground electric cables that broke the smoke at that time , and more than ten cables were all wrapped in unscrupulous , and the cable like this should be placed very completely and put in place , and the fire prevention layers should be set up .
therefore , the 57 - year - old liaoyuan city textile company 's electric gas team leader zhao yongchun installed the liaoyuan electric bureau retired cadre ( senior engineer ) sun fenglin returned to the post of staff member jin chengtai after he retired from the hospital of shuiyuan city . jin chengtai , three of the people who were suspected of having a major accident , will be prosecuted .
china to promote rural tourism in guizhou
guiyang , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will hold a meeting with the secretary of the tianlong village of tianlong village in tianlong village , tianlong town , ping dam , guizhou province , on the morning of february 16 , braving the joyful smile of joy .
at 10:30 , the five - year plan period ended , with a green long shirt , the 80 - year - old veteran zheng peqin sounded the first - come - first screening of the first - tour of guizhou in china 's rural areas .
tin lung tuen mun village is a typical representative and a national village tourism demonstration point in guizhou 's village tourism development .
as the year of the ming dynasty 's flood , the descendants of the tuen mun military , and the people of the tubtubtut , have already had more than 600 years of history .
here , it is obvious that the big - sleeved black - sleeved man wearing blue roof , the ancient han nationality culture and the taste of the ancient han nationality are all preserved in the villages of tuen mun .
it is learned that the tianlong village has relied on this traditional cultural superiority to develop village cultural tourism from 2002 . the number of tickets alone will reach 3.8 million yuan , and the total number of rural households will be sold through catering , culture , and other means to take part in tourism , with the average income of peasants increasing from 1,300 yuan in 2002 to 2,640 yuan in 2005 .
the guizhou provincial tourism administration director yang shengming said that following the first tour of tianlong 's tuen mun , the new tourism span of the rural areas has become a new trend of tourism with the theme of the new scenic spots . the various rural tourism activities carried out by various parts of guizhou this year will reach 35 .
so far , more than 130 villages in guizhou have launched various village tourism projects , and by 2005 , over 600,000 rural households in the province have extricated themselves from poverty through development of tourism .
in january , the prices of housing in 70 cities rose 5.55 percent , while the prices of shanghai 's housing continued to slide .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has approved the establishment of a total of 70 large and medium - sized cities in january this year , up 5.5 percent from the same period last year , a drop of 0.7 percentage points from the previous month .
shanghai 's housing prices continued to slide .
the state development and reform commission ( ndrc ) issued data on 16 february from the state statistical bureau , indicating that most of the 70 large and medium - sized cities had a small increase in sales prices , with the hohhot and damt rising by over 10 percent over the same period last year . shanghai 's housing sales prices continued to fall slightly , down by 0.44 percent from the same period last year .
the same rate of statistics shows that in the first quarter of last year , the price of shanghai 's housing sales rose by 19.1 percent over the same period of last year , and a turning point emerged in the subsequent half of last year .
in january this year , the prices of new commercial housing in 70 large and medium - sized cities rose 6.9 percent over the same period last year , and the rate of increase dropped 0.2 percentage points from the previous month .
the growth rate of new commodities in the same period was 18.93 percent , 14.737 percent , and 10.00 percent in shenzhen , 91.0 percent in chengdu , 8.4 percent in beijing , 3.1 percent in shanghai , 3.1 percent lower than the same period of the previous year .
the central organization department has called for further strengthening supervision over the selection and appointment of leading cadres and cadres .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the central organization department recently printed and distributed the opinions on strengthening cadre supervision .
the opinions urged all levels of organization departments to proceed from strict management and care for cadres , and carry out cadre supervision throughout the process of cadre training and education , and establish and perfect the mechanisms for preventing and preventing corruption in a timely fashion , and effectively strengthen supervision over leading cadres and cadres ' selection and appointment work .
the opinions pointed out : the main task of the organization departments in supervising cadres is to supervise leading bodies and leading cadres , with the focus on strengthening supervision over principal responsible persons of leading bodies , and on supervising the selection and appointment of leading cadres of party and government organizations , and focus on doing a good job of supervising and inspecting the implementation of the " regulations on selecting and appointing leading cadres of party and government organizations " .
in the course of supervising leading bodies and leading cadres , the opinions put forward the need to persistently do a good job in conducting education in ideals and convictions and in opposing corruption and promoting honest government , and to carry out education in the course of training , selecting , and managing cadres , to guide and supervise leading cadres to strengthen their cultivation of party spirit , and to persistently build a ideological and moral defense line of keeping the party in power for the people and firmly building an ideological and moral defense line against corruption
the cadres newly promoted should be given a clear and clear - cut requirement in their speeches on honesty and self - discipline .
leading bodies at all levels should be urged to uphold democratic centralism , establish and perfect rules and procedures for making decisions in matters of concern , and seriously implement the system of combining collective leadership with individual division of labor .
it is necessary to give prominence to supervision of principal responsible persons of leading bodies , and organize responsible persons of departments ( personnel ) of the leadership groups to often talk with principal responsible persons of the leadership groups at lower levels , and understand the situation of their ideological style .
we should establish and perfect a system of day - to - day management and supervision of leading cadres , regularly understand and analyze the ideological and work style of leading cadres , and put forward opinions and measures for solving problems .
the practice of leading cadres holding admonitory talks and letters to people , and the system of holding admonitory talks or letters when problems are discovered , should be carried out in a timely manner .
the leading cadres ' outstanding problems reported by the masses should be seriously investigated and understood , and those who are really problems and who are involved in different situations should be criticized and educated or handled according to corresponding organizations . those who have violated the law and the law should be turned over to the disciplinary and law enforcement organs , and should be clarified in appropriate ways .
at the same time , it is necessary to combine strengthening supervision with encouraging cadres to boldly explore new ways and pay attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the opinions demanded that all levels of organization ( personnel ) departments should effectively strengthen supervision and inspection of the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres of the party and government .
further improve the system of recommending and nominating cadres , and the supervision measures for examining and discussing issues , and so on , strictly do a good job of selecting and employing cadres , and make efforts to get a firm grasp of the people 's trust in the work style of selecting cadres who are politically reliable , and who have obtained the trust of the people in the practice of selecting and promoting leading cadres at all levels .
it is necessary to strengthen the inspection of the enforcement of the regulations on the appointment of cadres , strictly investigate and handle the behaviors of violating the regulations on the appointment of cadres , and resolutely check unhealthy trends and corrupt phenomena in the use of personnel .
the system of laying a serious legal responsibility for supervising and investigating the use of personnel in violation of regulations should be introduced and the intensity of supervision and investigation should be increased .
we should establish and perfect a system for investigating and affixing responsibility for the work of selecting and appointing cadres , and scientifically define the responsibilities of the principal parties responsible for all links in the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres in accordance with the principle of unanimity in power and responsibility , clearly define the method of holding accountable , and intensify the investigation of the case .
and give full play to the role of mass supervision and establish and improve a mechanism for reporting crimes in a safe manner .
and give play to the role of supervision by public opinion , and provide timely information to the media on the situation of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres , and accept supervision by public opinion .
the opinions pointed out : we should further improve the coordination and cooperation mechanisms for cadre supervision .
the organization ( personnel ) departments must strengthen coordination with discipline inspection organs , establish a system of supervision and management in relation to the work of the discipline inspection organs in the area of the cadres ' work style and clean government , and enhance their joint efforts in supervision .
in coordination with discipline inspection organs in seriously doing a good job in inspecting work , improving the methods of inspection , perfecting the inspection system , and improving the quality of inspection .
in coordination with auditing organs , the auditing organs have seriously implemented the auditing system for leading cadres ' economic responsibility .
we should improve the internal supervision mechanism for the work of selecting and appointing cadres in organization departments .
hk , macao to taiwan investment in mainland china in violation of regulations
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the taiwan authorities ' economic affairs department decided on 15 february to punish taiwan 's shuijing boguang electronics co , ltd ( cnc ) , one of the two bogus microelectronics co. ltd. ( the new taiwan dollar for short ) , for reasons , that is , providing unauthorized assistance to establish a business of mainland and ship technology companies .
taiwan 's chung - kuo shih - pao reported that this was chen shui - bian 's positive management of cross - strait economic and trade policies which were open to the outside world , and the first example of the taiwan authorities ' penalties on taiwan businessmen investing in the mainland .
according to reports , taiwan 's economic expedition will be boiled with a boycott , saying that the united power coin is because it violates the regulations governing the relations between the two sides of the strait and the regulations governing the business of investment or technological cooperation in the mainland region .
in the future , the bogus will be based on the situation of the former chairman of the joint power company , cao xingcheng and others .
the case of the joint electric power plant started in february 2005 . at that time , taiwan 's prosecuting department used up as many as 100 people to conduct a surprise check on the residential and office of several high - level power generators , claiming that the united power company was suspected of providing funds and human resources for investment on the mainland and ship science and technology , which were on the mainland .
chairman of the board of directors of the united microelectronics corporation , cao xingcheng openly said that the united microelectronics corporation did not violate any regulations of the taiwan authorities , and that it was for the united power company to provide assistance to the company and ship technology to the company for the sake of long - term interests of the united power company . if the united power company fails to enter the mainland market as soon as possible , it will lose business opportunities .
after that , the taiwan authorities ' financial supervisory and management committee , in a binding way , opened a new channel for punishing the new taiwan dollars for the united nations electric power company for violating the regulations on commercial information disclosure .
on 9 january 2006 , the board of the unicom accepted cao xingcheng 's resignation and cao xingcheng was arrested several hours later on for suspected involvement in violating regulations on investment in the mainland .
the united power company and the taiwan mobile circuit company ( hereinafter referred to as the stake in taiwan ) also claimed that taiwan 's jing - lu bogged and bogged in the microchip are the leading enterprises of high - tech industries on the island .
the taiwan authorities have been conducting a series of investigations and actions against the united microelectronics industry over the past year , and this has been followed with great concern from various circles on the island .
hk , macau , taiwan ( hk ) the second monument in my heart , macao , march 3 , 1999
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the second leg of the monastery in macao will be held in beijing on the 17th , and the chinese people around the world will be recruited into macao as a series of pronounced works of the chinese people around the world .
this pagoda competition was jointly sponsored by the macao foundation and the baihua literature and art publishing house , and was jointly sponsored by chen jiangong , vice chairman of the chinese writers association , and other directors of the appraisal committee .
in 2004 , the fifth anniversary of macao 's return to the motherland , the first lady of the macao adventure and clay competition held in the heart of the first time , and literary enthusiasts at home and abroad actively responded to the event . more than 8,000 entries were received , and more than ten winners were invited to the macao sar to receive the award .
wu zhiliang , executive member of the macao foundation , said at a news briefing on 17 july that last year , the historical circle of macao was included in the world cultural heritage list . this not only indicates that the long - standing way of life and the mode of community management of the macao people have won the world 's affirmation , but also the chinese nation 's tradition of passing through and developing the different popular culture tradition in macao , which is passed on and developed in the macao sar , and
wu zhiliang said : it is precisely under such a good cultural atmosphere that the macao foundation and the baihua literature and art publishing house decided to cooperate again and hold the second largest melody in macao in the hope that the participants will display their patriotic and macao sentiments through their works , display their unique cultural spirit of loving the country and macao , display the unique culture and spirit of macao , stability , and happiness of the special administrative region , and establish a new image of a new city of
according to presentations , the competition was completed and completed on 1 september this year , and the " pamphlet on the outer sea " will open a special column to select and participate in the competition .
the results of the assessment will be announced in the macao sar in early 2007 .
shandong has successfully implemented a series of infant heart transplant
jinan , february 17 ( xinhua ) the shanghai municipal command has a blood - and - blood tuberculosis system , which has successfully carried out a cardiac transplant operation in infant infant heart .
on 17 july , the reporter saw in the adult control room that the 51 - day baby was full of face and all monitoring and inspection indexes were normal , and the operation was smooth and the medical staff were playing with great interest the toys they bought to him .
according to the medical treatment that day , the medical practitioner from the taian rural area in shandong was sent to the hospital by his parents , and was all purple and difficult to breathe . after checking and diagnosis , he was suffering from the anthronyosis and was required to transplant heart diseases .
the heart transplant operation was the most difficult and most difficult issue in the heart surgery . the highest risk was the most complex operation .
in particular , the infant 's heart transplant operations under one year 's age are still empty in china .
the sickness disease research institute of the jinan military region organized experts to repeatedly probe the matter , carefully design an operation and post - operation protective plan , and made independent innovations on the method of blood vessels and experiments on animals .
on 28 december 2005 , at 08:00 a. m . , the surgery officially began .
the heart of the body came from a man who was found to have breathing in a breath due to his bad birth in a pregenitary lungs .
the operation coincides with six blood vessels , and the seals of over 510 injections , with each needle exceeding 3 millimetres .
after 295 minutes , the surgery was completely successful .
the state administration of safety supervision : we should check the number of major and exceptionally serious accidents involving coal mines and other coal mines , with the focus of the most important of this year .
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the four cases of severe acute respiratory syndrome ( sars ) have occurred one after another in four mining accidents involving more than 100 people , with the result that the number of major coal accidents involving the production safety of coal mines and other major accidents in the past year has become the top priority of the national security supervision work this year .
the reporter learned from the state administration of supervision and management of production safety on 17 july that it is necessary to really check the frequent occurrence of major and exceptionally serious accidents in coal mines and other coal mines and to put the coal mines under the top priority .
this year , the state administration of coal mine safety and the state administration of safety supervision will do a good job in the following three things :
the boward continues to play a good role in tackling the valve .
the minister said that the government would take the lead in the development of the economy and the government would take the lead in the development of the economy .
if the golf is not implemented , it will be able to produce the results of the gas dropping before it is collected , and the production will be ordered to stop immediately .
the trend of the times continues to be a success in the rectification and closing of the enterprises .
we must make the 5243 public announcements to society , and in addition the number of coal mines reported recently by various localities to the authorities concerned has been closed down and the results have been verified .
we must take the closure as a regular work , and continually close down those enterprises that do not have the conditions to destroy resources and pollute the environment without safety .
the key to strengthening basic management of coal mine safety is to strengthen the management of coal mines .
we must immediately correct the unhealthy tendency of stopping the slackening of the management of large state - owned mines and guiding the establishment of a standardized security management system for small mines whose management is chaotic .
in particular , we must grasp key state - owned coal mines , and absolutely not allow the production of super - strong coal mines .
this year 's production safety control index requires that the number of deaths from various accidents nationwide dropped by 35.5 percent from last year , of which 3.55 percent are from coal mines .
ten people were killed in an extraordinarily serious accident , with the number of coal mines falling by 5.5 percent , with the number of coal mines falling by 7.0 percent .
these control indexes have been issued to people 's governments at all levels and all localities are implementing at the grassroots level and enterprises at every level .
statistics show that the number of coal mines killed in the national coal mine accident in 2005 was 5986 , a decrease of 0.779 percent compared with the same period last year .
however , the number of major accidents that killed more than 10 people and killed more than 66.6 percent , an increase of 66.6 percent over the same period last year .
( international ) barroso calls for all parties to compromise in kosovo 's future status negotiations
xinhua news agency , belgrade , february 17 ( reporters he yi ) pristina news : european commission chairman barroso held a meeting in prashkstina , capital of kosovo , and expressed the hope that all parties concerned will make compromise and make preparations in the course of negotiations on the future status of kosovo , and will make efforts to ultimately establish a democratic and multi - ethnic kosovo that integrates with other countries .
barroso met with the interim president of the cte 's provisional authority serbia , serbia 's serb representatives , and other media on the same day . he said that the parties concerned in kosovo should adopt a tolerant attitude and establish a democratic and multi - ethnic kosovo that respects the government 's political power and protects the rights and interests of ethnic minorities only .
he also stressed that the eu commission will do its utmost to help kosovo develop .
barroso also expressed his appreciation for kosovo 's current proposal on the eight standards of the un 's implementation of the un 's proposal on the implementation of the eight standards of the democratic process .
he held that the implementation of these standards is a key factor affecting the integration of kosovo and europe .
he also called on all serb people in kosovo to join the organizations of kosovo to make contributions to the realization of democracy and the integration of the various nationalities .
barroso arrived in kosovo on the same day for a one - day visit .
earlier , barroso visited croatia and serbia and montenegro , and will also visit macedonia , albania , and bosnia - herzegovina .
( the winter olympics , the doping agent ) news analysis : it is possible that the dispatch of the leavers incident will be an unsettled one .
duan , february 17 ( xinhua ) the press analysis said that the dispatch of leavers is likely to be the end of the event
xinhua news agency reporter gao ying
although italy has repeatedly claimed that the winter olympics will be unearthed , the use of stimulants will be faced with the problem of the spine , but the games are now taking a look at the situation in this winter , which is not likely to occur in the main character of the scandal of the first boxing scandal of the osce in this year .
the winter olympics in duan has brought out the first doping scandal since the opening of the games on 16 june . o ' lei police console was discovered to have used more than 30 drug - related cards .
the ioc announced the following day that it had sent leavers out of the winter olympics , and she had won two gold medals in the winter olympics . the silver medal for the 15 - kilometer individual games was also stripped .
the international winter 2 alliance was established on the same day to impose a two - year penalties on the allocation of the asian - pacific basketball games .
the ioc has always stipulated that athletes should be discovered to use stimulants at the olympic games and will be dismissed and deprived of their qualification for the games , but will not be punished according to law .
however , according to italian law , the number of people carrying and using stimulants is a criminal act , and the judiciary has the right to directly arrest and investigate the athletes who use stimulants , and the law - breakers are still facing three months to three years of imprisonment .
in december last year , after a long period of one year , the ioc and the italian government finally reached an agreement on the return of the bat price . both sides agreed to handle the issue of the athletes using stimulants in accordance with the italian law during the current winter olympics .
with the unremitting efforts of the international olympic committee , italy has made concessions four days before the opening of the winter olympics , pledging that the police will not enter the olympic village to search the athletes ' place during the winter olympics . however , the drug prosecutors will still be subject to investigation by italian procuratorial organs .
it has been reported that the italian government supervises the duin winter olympics , perry , has sent leova 's stimulant to duan 's procuratorate .
however , the ioc and peeskant have not yet confirmed this matter .
russia 's winter 2 team team team , andrei demkofi , revealed at noon on 17 july that the reeducation sent leova had left duan and returned to china .
he was once a member of the chinese sports officials who had worked in the world 's anti - doping agency for many years . he said that once the papula was sent back to china , this incident could eventually be concluded without a single conclusion .
shi said that the ioc and the italian government have made great progress in the anti - doping of the winter olympics , and even if the italian procuratorial organs have indeed made a success in the matter , it will be hard to say the result will be very difficult .
according to the previous italian policy of using stimulants to athletes in their country , the penalties imposed by the banned are only two years of imprisonment , but the two years of imprisonment of suspended execution .
therefore , senior italian luftha reporter leieli said that the possibility of sending leova to the jails is almost the same , and most of the is the fine .
pierre also said that although the italian court could be tried in a absence , the italian police could not go abroad to send leova back to take the sentence .
if the leopard refuses to accept the verdict , italy will also have no way to take her .
according to a comprehensive report , the new epidemic site continues to emerge in all countries in the world to strictly guard against the epidemic .
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the bird flu has been further spread in africa , according to a xinhua news agency report .
the world health organization confirmed on 17 november that three areas of egypt have found bird flu dead .
in europe , france has also discovered the five - type bird flu virus for the first time , while europe has been highly vigilant and strengthened measures against the epidemic .
the world health organization 's east mediterranean region consultant hassan bush told the press in egypt on 17 april that the current mega in cairo in central egypt and the three regions in southern miniya have found the dead birds of the virus of the duck 1 virus . relevant departments of the egyptian government have begun to slaughter poultry suspected to be infected with avian flu .
experts point out that egypt is the only place for migratory birds to be moved to the middle east and north africa , and it is very possible for migratory birds to bring into the territory .
egypt has announced that it will ban imports of live poultry from other countries and step up quarantine work at border ports .
the two countries have also established a joint venture in the past week , a spokesman for the ministry of agriculture said .
cameron has decided to stop the bird flu from nigeria , where the avian flu epidemic has been in place , and to suspend all poultry and poultry and related products on the markets of all the two countries ' borders .
the cameroon government has also set up a comprehensive epidemic monitoring network within a short period of time , and the country 's basde center and state veterinary laboratory have also been in an emergency awaiting order to conduct laboratory tests on the virus covering the bacteria virus at any time .
in europe , denmark and sweden , the epidemic was initially ruled out on 17 july .
the swedish veterinary institute issued a new report on the test results of the dead swans found on wednesday , indicating that swedish swans have no avian influenza virus .
denmark 's national veterinary authority 's initial laboratory also revealed that the 30 dead birds in denmark have not been infected with the avian flu virus .
however , the agriculture department said that denmark still cannot take it lightly .
romania in eastern europe has already experienced nine bird flu epidemic points this year , and world health organization experts said in bucharest on 17 july that almost all areas in the danube delta region have bird flu , and romania may have to take a serious attitude toward this situation .
in bangladesh , the government has taken all necessary measures to prevent avian flu .
the government 's home affairs service bureau has provided relevant officials with books on bird flu prevention and has also organized poultry rearing personnel to provide training .
( newspaper clippings ) china 's first sharing of blood information management system in zhejiang
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the first chinese - owned blood donor control network system has been set up in the center recently , according to the blood center of zhejiang province .
a responsible person of the blood center in zhejiang province said that this means that any citizen will be able to obtain blood samples from any county ( city ) bogu district in zhejiang province in the future for blood donation , and there will be a unique code of code . when he makes a blood donation again , he can only enter the blood - wording records of individual information , and give blood - wording records .
the responsible person further explained that if the relevant code is imported , the system will show that the loss of the blood donor has not yet reached , and will indicate that it does not conform to the conditions for blood donation .
this is not only able to protect the health of the blood donors themselves , but also effectively protect the health and safety of the blood - users .
in addition , when blood supply is tense , the donors and their relatives have the right to use blood first , and as long as you can get the valid documents of the donors , you can immediately show the information of the donors , which is quite convenient .
according to a report by hangzhou 's " today morning news , " this information system has already been put into use in all 36 blood suppliers in the whole province . blood resources of all blood donor organs in the province can also be displayed in real time , and data sharing can be achieved in the entire province .
to prevent a recurrence of landslide in the philippines , 11 villages have evacuated urgently .
manila , february 18 ( xinhua ) the philippines government has decided to cut the number of dead bodies in 11 villages in the eastern part of the country to prevent the recurrence of similar landslides , local officials said on friday .
officials from south lisbon province , rosealeyas , said on the same day that the two villages had a common area with villages where landslides occurred on the 17th .
the 11 villages that have withdrawn will be relocated to seven evacuation centers .
larijanis said : the government yesterday ordered residents to withdraw from the area . today , people have also sent people to check these villages because some people do not want to leave their homes .
the mountain slide incident on 17 july occurred in the southern skeleton sodium town of san belt , south lisbon , and viewed from the television picture , mud and stone have buried the entire village and can only see several roofs .
because the mud is very thick and humidity is very high , the people buried below are very lucky to survive .
at present , 109 people have been found dead and 57 others have been rescued .
it is estimated that the number of deaths caused by this accident may reach 1,800 .
the chinese government has been actively promoting the development of the western region , and has made great efforts to improve the economic and social development of the southern region .
fuzhou , february 19 ( xinhua ) the quanzhou city foreign trade export continued to maintain a high growth momentum in january this year .
according to statistics from the customs , in january , quanzhou exported 330 million us dollars , creating the best record in history , an increase of 35.2 percent over the same period last year , higher than the average growth rate of the entire province .
according to analysis by the quanzhou city foreign economic and trade bureau , the reason that quanzhou 's foreign trade can grow rapidly in january was mainly due to the fact that the enterprises ' export enthusiasm was high , the quanzhou economy was operating very active , the business confidence was strengthened , and the highly efficient and unimpeded foreign trade development environment was created in the course of the various measures of supporting services for foreign trade in quanzhou .
