within the limitations of the death investigation data of the two stolen computers , which were found to have been in the diamond .
london , april 6 , 2007 ( afp )
the london daily express said that the two documentary photos of princess diana died in paris in 1997 .
the report said that the theft caused a lot of speculation , and the computer might have hidden the stolen property of former metropolis chief of police sir john steinson .
however , a big metropolis police officer said that the computer had not been seen as sensitive information , or had any related information to the survey .
" the chinese government has always attached great importance to the development of the relationship between the two countries , " sir smith said .
the report said that the norwegian police 's staff had been working in the past 10 days to trace the theft .
a large - scale explosion occurred in the weekend between january 28 and 29 , including computers and cash . the second one was the incident of theft last week .
nobie police also said that there is no evidence to show that these two theft cases and the sir jones ' work are related to the work of the police .
" the chinese government has always been looking forward to the visit of princess margaret , not directly to the cause of the accident .
the royal family of the deceased , mr bryant , ordered the investigation in 2004 .
the " paul " was born on august 31 , 1997 in a paris tunnel accident .
french police have arrested two - year - old french driver for drunk driving and taking drugs after two - year investigations .
the sri lankan war agreed to hold talks in geneva in late april
afp , lun po
the home mediation center for the peace process said that the sri lankan war organization agreed to hold a negotiation in geneva on 22 april to defuse the consensus reached by all parties in the pursuit of an end to the racial bloody clashes for decades .
norwegian peace envoy solheim said in london that he was very happy to see the progress of the talks between the two parties .
the norwegian embassy in beijing said in a statement that all the clashes caused by sri lanka were caused by the government 's negotiations with the tamil eelam liberation tiger organization , which demanded the government of norway to assist in holding talks in geneva on february 22 .
two days of negotiations will focus on how to strengthen the negotiations on the implementation of the cease - fire agreement on february 23 , 2002 , and the agreement has not been fully observed by both sides .
the norwegian embassy said that the two sides would discuss ways to improve the cease - fire agreement , which was the first time that the two sides had held face - to - face talks at such a high level in the past three years .
solhai said that the two countries will lead a team to participate in the negotiations , and the delegation will be led by four representatives from the tiger group led by baryn , and the sri lankan government will be led by health minister .
he said : the enlightened thing is the road to peace , but the important thing is that the process of negotiations will be arduous .
the solution of the sri lanka racial conflict was the first round of talks in march 2003 in japan but frankfurt said that the country 's civil war had been canceled by the former government in thailand in april 2003 .
du qinglin 's winter olympics starts
afp , david lewd , italy .
article 20 winter olympic games opens in dulin
south korean women 's speed skating competitor lee po - lang and north korean men 's skin skating competitor han jen - jen were respectively the captain of the two national team , leading south korean team to the winter sports ground .
this is the first time that south korea and north korea have won the olympic team in winter olympics .
to reflect the latest developments in the maintenance of reconciliation and the progress of the year 2000 , the sydney olympics in 2006 and the athens olympics in 2004 , south korea and north korea both entered the same time .
north korea did not participate in the north korean nuclear talks held in yinhu city , the united states .
the korean peninsula was split into the korean peninsula in 1948 as a northern korean peninsula practicing capitalism and communism . the two sides held a joint military exercise in the korean war period from 1950-1953 .
the south china sea fleet is expected to be held in 2000 .
according to the tradition , the greek team is the first country to enter the competition , and among the 80 countries participating in the competition , south korea is the 22 nd imperial north korea .
the landlord 's representative team is the last one to enter the country . when the volunteers entered the stadium , the sports ground immediately sounded a warm and cheering and fought with them .
he said that he was very happy to see the success of the performing arts .
new york , march 16 , 2007
the united states , which is recognized as the most popular candidate for the title of the oscar this year , has been recognized as the " world 's most influential " in the world .
he said that he was very happy to see the success of the new round of talks in the us cbs in the past .
at that time , he was only 20 , just drama from new york university , and entered the age of five bronze , and he was rapidly changing his living steps every day , finally turning his head into a coma , losing control .
he was 22 years old and became a member of the le kit .
the upcoming second round of the olympic games in oscar will be held next month .
at the time , he was very excited about his performance and was already awarded a lot of awards , including a gold ball prize best male master .
the 38 - year - old actor said during the visit that if he did not painfully make a decision before becoming famous , he might have not been able to win the osce nomination .
he said that he was very envy with those people who suddenly became famous in 1919 .
the bird flu has been on the brink of panic in europe and asia .
brussels , march 16 , 2007 ( afp )
the virus is spreading all the time in europe , causing panic .
the european commission 's executive committee has established another clarion control to identify the virus states ' regions under its management and banned all birds of biological transactions .
the african government and the government have been working closely to ensure the safety of the epidemic , said the report .
egyptian officials are investigating a suicide car bomb attack in southern egypt .
the european chicken market is affected by the virus , and the big decline is a big margin . the eu executive committee stressed that there is no reason to panic .
the executive council is responsible for the health and food safety executive committee , mr joseph prueher , said that the public is concerned about this matter , but there is no need to react too much .
following the previous virus discovery of three kilometers of the area and 10 km of alarm areas , the european commission has also introduced new regulations to place the virus in the european region into a buffer zone .
a man who was unwilling to be identified pointed out that every person was nervous and plunged into thin air . they were handling the transmitting of the epidemic from various parts of europe a day to night , suspected of the outbreak of the epidemic .
the european union has so far received a total of austria 's enron encia , germany 's siemens , romania 's romano , and russia 's territory in europe .
romania has discovered the 31 st case on the 16 th , and slovenia 's austria and the ruoga island of germany have also found new cases .
italian southern italy is the second largest city in the southern part of italy , where two ducks found the virus .
eu officials are most worried about the possibility of flying back from africa .
the government of nigeria is stepping up its efforts to stop the virus transmission from the african continent .
the government of nigeria announced that all the poultry farm in the vicinity of the infected farm would be tested in the form of bird flu , no matter if it was threatened by the virus .
neighboring countries , niger government announces national alert and allocates 4 million us dollars of emergency plans to monitor and anatolia 's border .
the newly established national emergency committee said that they received reports that the two countries had established a mechanism for cooperation in border areas , with nearly 400 police officers and men .
china 's electronic banking corporation 's new regulation on business management will be implemented on 1 march .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 6 th , by reporter jie xu and xu bodong on the 6th , the china banking regulatory commission has learned that the " measures for managing the operation of electronic banking " and the " guidelines for the evaluation of the security of electronic banking " promulgated by the china banking regulatory commission will be effective on march 1 , 2006 .
the china banking regulatory commission said that according to the regulations of the management measures , the relevant examination and approval methods of foreign - funded financial institutions have basically remained unchanged , that is , after foreign banks have been allowed to operate online banking business , if new internet banking business varieties are added , the main report of the branch of the branch should be submitted in a unified manner for examination .
to regulate the operation of commercial banks using the internet to conduct banking business , the people 's bank of china formulated and promulgated the " interim measures on managing internet banking business . "
the china banking regulatory commission said that with the rapid development of the commercial banks ' electronic banking business , the interim procedures have no way of meeting the requirements of the supervision and control of risks in electronic banking , and the cbrc has formulated two new regulations .
according to the statistics by the china banking regulatory commission , the china banking regulatory commission has established the quality of safety assessment institutions , which is different from the administrative licensing of the nature of market access or enterprise access , and is not the necessary condition for the evaluation of the e - banking safety of an evaluation institution , and is only a reference for the selection of an assessment institution for financial institutions .
so long as safety assessment agencies meet the relevant conditions and requirements , even if they have not yet been verified by the banking regulatory commission , financial institutions may employ them to conduct an electronic banking safety assessment , they should manage them in accordance with relevant regulations .
the " electronic banking business management method " consists of nine chapters and 99 clauses , which are divided into four categories : general clauses , application for change of risk management , exchange of data , and transfer of management , and cross - border business activities .
the " electronic bank safety assessment guidelines " contains five chapters and 57 articles , which are divided into four categories : general safety assessment and assessment agency safety assessment , management and supplementary provision .
" mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , deng xiaoping , and deng xiaoping , " published and distributed the book
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 6 , the " selected works of mao zedong , zhou enlai , deng xiaoping , deng xiaoping , deng xiaoping , " compiled by the central literature publishing house , on 6 february .
we should conduct investigation and study in depth , persist in integrating theory with practice , and formulate and implement the correct line , principles , and policies . this is a major basic experience and basic work method of the cpc in leading revolution and reform .
comrade mao zedong , zhou enlai , and liu shaoqi , zhu de and deng xiaoping , and other revolutionaries of the older generation , once made many important and brilliant expositions on the investigation and study of the issue , and they frequently went to the grass - roots level to personally conduct social surveys and wrote many reports on the matter .
they investigated and studied the practice and results of their investigations and research and played a positive role in guiding the party and the people 's cause to develop along the correct road .
" mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , deng xiaoping , and deng xiaoping , " a book entitled " on investigation and study , " is divided into three parts : first , the theses of mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation on investigation and study were compiled , and second , the article was written by mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation on investigation and research .
these surveys are mostly the first time in public .
in addition , two feature articles entitled " the history of the central leaders ' investigation and study in the 1950 s and 1960 s " were also included .
russia reiterates adherence to one china policy
xinhua news agency , moscow , february 6 , russian deputy foreign minister alekseyev said when meeting with chinese ambassador to russia liu guchang on the 6th that russia adheres to the one - china stance .
alekseyev said : russia has taken note of the recent remarks made by chen shui - bian on independence .
the russian government has always adhered to the one - china principle and firmly supported china 's efforts to realize the great cause of national reunification .
last year , the npc passed the " anti - secession law " and russia took the lead in openly expressing support for it .
alekseyev said : the russian foreign ministry will issue a statement as soon as possible to reiterate one - china stance and oppose taiwan independence .
china to promote economic cooperation with south africa : chinese fm
xinhua news agency , johannesburg , february 6 ( reporter chen ming ) the chinese people 's association for friendship with overseas chinese lin yixing was operating in the bars of his bars in south africa at 0100 local time on the early morning of 5 february . he was certified dead at the bandar hospital in south africa 's judicial capital , burundan hospital .
according to the report by the chairman of the chinese federation of free states , the incident occurred at the time when the incident occurred at the wirkremlin city , which is more than 130 kilometers northwest of burundian .
at that time , the owner of the shop , lin yixing , was picked up inside the station and was ready to end the business for one day .
at that time there were three customers in the shop , one of them pulled out of the gun and shot into the station to carry out robbery .
over the past 40 years , lin yixing and his gang fought in a battle . the gang opened a gun to lin yixing , and then fled .
the reporters who were rushed to the scene took lin yixing to the hospital for treatment . as lin yixing 's body appeared completely vivid and cardiac , the blood pipe was not stopped , and the blood was not stopped . at around 3 : 30 a. m . on 6 february .
on 6 february , the chinese consulate general in the city of jakarta , xu dezhu , and wu gang , vice chairman of the association of fellow villagers of the chinese mainland , south africa , arrived in burundian to help the family members of the deceased handle the aftermath of the accident .
mr lam is the first director of the department of justice in the third country of the chinese who was shot by the culprits within 36 hours and is also the fourth chinese who has been killed since the beginning of this year .
( press clippings ) shanghai : part - time personnel and college graduates become the main force of an hour
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 7 , the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau issued the latest employment and social security monthly employment rate for 2006 , with a total of 120 posts , an increase of 11 more than the previous time , with the number of original posts being adjusted downward .
according to the latest statistics released by the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau , the average employees in shanghai have already exceeded 1 million .
according to a report by the china youth daily , college graduates and concurrently - time personnel are the major components of the hour - long working force .
through the investigation of nearly 8,000 hours of direct work , over half of the people were part - time staff , and the ratio was 51.1 percent .
the number of cultural workers in the same job is generally higher , and the work is mainly engaged in relatively strong technical work , such as translator posts , and the ratio of part - time personnel to be 81.79 percent , with the fitness of 61.6 percent .
high income is the result of many people engaging in hours - time and part - time jobs .
it is learned that the monthly income of individual posts can reach tens of thousands of yuan , and it will be hard to pursue the same as the translator of the voice , and the monthly income of the hour - long employment posts can reach more than 2,000 yuan , such as the financial secretary of the same rank as the executive director of the state - owned enterprise .
to meet the needs of individual interests and expand their knowledge , it is also a common practice for part - time workers to be well - off .
for example , when a certain enterprise holds the position of manager of the human resources department , it will take several hours a week to handle the financial account of a foreign representative office .
mr koo considered that the most part - time earnings were to keep his knowledge updated and to have the opportunity to involve other areas , of course , the revenue of 2000 yuan per month also had some incentive .
as some hour workers are still in low employment threshold , their work style is flexible and free , and they are gradually being favored by many graduates who are currently working in the job , and 142 percent of them are graduates of tertiary education in nearly three years .
i was at the beginning not trying to do an hour work , but i did not want to work for a few months , thinking it was better than the night of the 9 th and 5 th .
the university graduate , huang , was a student , and the job he found was not as good as what he was . in the end , he was hanged in a guesthouse , and used his piano to play a background music .
the fatigue is very satisfied with the work now , and i am 100 yuan a hour and the environment is good . now i want to do more hours to find out the work .
it is learned that the work of making an hour has become a result of the accumulation of work experience for the graduates who are currently working in the job , enhancing communication skills , and improving the social reading experience .
the graduates are working hours , mainly in knowledge and technology .
the working hours are required to be high , such as food promotion assistant clerks and clerks , who have been simply trained , to be promoted .
the data show that the average wage rate of an hour worker was about 39.3 percent , of whom 29.3 percent were unemployed in the retail sector , and the proportion of those who were unemployed in the catering industry was 58.77 percent , an hour - long job - employment channel for the unemployed .
wu bangguo inspects anhui , stresses work
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 8 ( reporter zou sangmin zhou ) - - the standing committee of the cpc central committee political bureau and chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress [ npc ] standing committee , wu bangguo , recently stressed in anhui province that we should regard the three important ideas as the guide , persist in taking the scientific development concept as the guide , and conscientiously implement the central guidelines and policies in light of local realities , further emancipate our minds , creatively carry
on 6 and 8 february , wu bangguo inspected the maoshan wuhu wuwei and other places , went deep into enterprises and rural scientific research institutes and colleges and universities to inspect the work .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui has the advantages of connecting the eastern and western parts of the country with the southern areas , and is an important agricultural region in china . its natural resources are rich , its industrial foundation is relatively good , its scientific and technological strength is relatively strong , its cultural and tourism resources are exceptionally strong , and its development potential is enormous .
anhui should firmly seize the opportunity of promoting the rise of central china , always adhere to the central task of economic construction , and seriously implement the central guidelines and policies in close connection with anhui 's actual conditions , and creatively implement the scientific development concept in concrete measures and in practical work .
we should sum up practical experience in a timely manner , fully rely on the masses of the people , vigorously support reform and innovation , and constantly open up a new situation in anhui work .
we should actively promote the building of a harmonious society , persistently regard the realization of a good fulfillment of the fundamental interests of the overwhelming majority of the people as the starting point and end - result of all our work , actively create conditions , and gradually resolve the practical problems of the masses in difficulty . we should gradually adjust the distribution relations between the urban and rural areas and gradually narrow the gap between the two - yuan structure , safeguard and realize the fair and just cause the entire people to share the fruits of
wu bangguo stressed : china has reached the stage of having more self - reliant innovative capability and improving the quality of workers to promote economic and social development . only by vigorously promoting scientific and technological progress and innovation can we achieve a leap in the quality of productive forces , and promote economic and social development onto the track of scientific development .
we should establish and improve a system that is conducive to innovation as soon as possible , increase scientific and technological input , encourage patent inventions , develop famous brands , speed up the transformation of scientific and technological achievements into practical productive forces , strengthen the enterprises ' role as the mainstay in independent innovation , and constantly improve the contribution rate of scientific and technological progress to economic growth .
we should support and encourage technological elements to participate in distribution , establish and improve a statistical indices that embody their ability to innovate , study and formulate financial and taxation policies and government procurement policies that support independent innovation , and form a policy system that encourages independent innovation .
we should create a new awareness of innovation in the whole society , vigorously advocate the spirit of being brave in innovation and competition , and strive to create a good atmosphere for talented people to come forth in large numbers .
wu bangguo pointed out : the people 's congress has played an important role in the process of building a socialist country ruled by law .
to do a good job in the work of people 's congresses in the new situation , first , we must adhere to the correct political orientation , unswervingly follow the road of socialist political development with chinese characteristics , and organically integrate the adherence to the party 's leadership with the people and the rule of law .
second , we should closely focus on the overall situation of the work of the party and the state , focus on major issues in reform , development , and stability , carry out work in close connection with hot - point and difficult problems of common concern among the masses of the people , and constantly enhance the results of the work of the people 's congresses .
third , we should give play to the characteristics and advantages of the work of the people 's congress , adhere to democratic centralism , and act in strict accordance with the procedures and collectively determine issues .
we should persistently follow the mass line , regard people as the foundation , and exercise power for the people , be concerned about the people , and work for the people 's interests .
china 's proposal to increase investment in science research in the next 15 years
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 9 th , by reporter xingxing li , china has made great efforts to promote sustainable development and achieve a major leap in its economic development . the " state medium @ - and long - term science and technology development program ( 2006-2020 ) " promulgated by the state council on the 9th has made four major scientific research plans .
the four major scientific plans are the most important research and quantitative study on the regulation and control of the field of nanometric research and the development and reproductive research .
the outline points out that the protein science is the most important means of life science that the developed countries are now fighting in a fierce battle .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on studying the transmitting of advanced biomass clenbuterol by the transformations group of the important biochemical system , and study and interact , and develop the biomedical research and system of biomedical research and protein - computer systems , which are relevant to the interoperability of biomedical and clogical research .
the outline also holds that the quantum regulation and control research is of clear and farsightedness , and it is possible to produce an unestimated negative impact on the social and economic development of mankind in 20-30 .
china should focus on studying the characteristics of the carrier of quantum communications and the principles and methods of regulation and control , calculate the measurement of the weight , and control the atom and the new principles and new technological foundation of quantitative control .
in addition , the outline pointed out that nanotechnology has become a major strategic choice for many countries to upgrade their core competitiveness and is also one of china 's areas for achieving leaping development .
in the next 15 years , china will continue to focus on research in this field , including the control of nanotechnology materials , the establishment and functions of nanotechnology , the enrollment of nanotechnology , nanometric medicine , nanometric attrition and measurement , as well as nanometer materials and energy technology in the field of food and information , etc.
china 's population growth is large , there is a lot of flaws in birth , there is a serious shortage of transplants , and the peak of aging is about to arrive . therefore , it is urgently necessary to make breakthroughs in the theory of reproductive and developing science and make technological innovations .
in accordance with the outline , the year 2006 - 2020 will focus on the research of interactive cell growth , regulation and control , maturity and acceptance , human reproductive function and reemployment , and reemployment , and the auxiliary and stem cell technology .
shanghai 's housing prices drop last year nearly 7 percentage points
xinhua news agency , shanghai , february 9 ( reporter huang dingjun ) the state 's macroeconomic control policy for the real estate industry in 2005 has achieved remarkable results in shanghai .
according to the latest data , the shanghai housing estate industry 's various indicators were quite obvious in 1999 , or the growth rate was slowing down .
of these , the prices of residential housing dropped 6.6 percent from the previous year , while the added value of the real estate industry dropped 4.1 percent from the previous year .
shanghai 's industrial output value has risen to a new high in the first five years of 2005 , according to the shanghai municipal bureau of statistics , the average price of housing for shanghai 's commercial residential housing increased by 313 yuan over 2004 .
the total sales of residential units in the whole year rose 9.2 percent over the previous year , and the increase was 6.6 percentage points lower than the same period last year .
the annual real estate industry added value of 67.023 billion yuan , down 4.1 percent from the previous year .
in the course of the balance of loans in financial institutions , the balance of personal housing loans reached 2.6444.94 - billion yuan , only an increase of 19.44 - billion yuan in the year , but the new increase in loans in 2004 reached 728.09 - billion yuan .
pan jianxin said : from the year - long sales price in shanghai 's real estate , the sales prices of commercial housing have been stable and down .
the communique also showed that according to the latest data , the total number of real estate prices in shanghai fell somewhat in 2005 , and the average sales prices of residential properties were 6698 yuan per square meter , up 313 yuan from 2004 .
in 2005 , the total housing sales price level rose 9.77 percent from the previous year , and the increase was 6.2 percentage points lower than that of the previous year .
according to him , last year , shanghai municipality completed the construction of a total of 12.4686 billion yuan in real estate development , an increase of 6.1 percent over the previous year .
the sales area of the sales area was 315.887 million square meters , down 9.5 percent .
the annual sales volume of commercial houses reached 21.16 - billion yuan , down 4.5 percent from the previous year .
the two light aircraft were collided with new zealand .
xinhua news agency , wellington , february 9 , two new zealand light aircraft crashed into the southern part of the city of wellington , about 100 kilometers north of wellington , the capital , on the 9th , killing two students of the flight school .
according to the local civil aviation department 's relevant responsible person , the pilot of the two planes was the first pilot of the marxi university flight college . they were still undergoing training and have not yet obtained flight licenses .
the incident occurred when two planes were in a state of non - air control , and according to regulations , the pilot should be responsible for the navigation and security of the plane in such a region .
a man who was killed at the scene told the new zealand media that the collision was a serious incident .
another witness said that the us military had not yet destroyed the chinese plane before the plane crashed and saw a plane 's wreck .
the cause of the collision is not clear . the local civil aviation department will conduct an investigation into the incident .
china to promote economic growth in argentina
xinhua news agency , buenos aires , february 8 ( reporter cao yu ) a chinese - american friendship delegation headed by overseas chinese and chinese living in argentina issued a solemn statement on the 8th , strongly condemning chen shui - bian 's recent pro - independence remarks and opposing any attempt to separate taiwan from china .
the statement said that chen shui - bian said in his speech on 29 january that he wanted to abrogate the national unification council and the national unification guidelines .
the compatriots on both sides of the strait have long for peace and the taiwan compatriots are eager for peace and stability and seeking development .
the statement pointed out that resolutely opposing and checking the splittist activities of taiwan independence and maintaining peace and stability in the taiwan strait are still the common aspiration of the compatriots on both sides of the strait and the chinese community in the whole world .
the statement stressed that argentina 's china council for promoting peaceful reunification is willing to hold talks with all the overseas chinese and foreign nationals of chinese origin who are from both sides of the strait who are in favor of the one - china principle and resolutely oppose any form of taiwan independence and actively promote china 's peaceful reunification .
chinese experts : us tries to promote china 's military threat without reason
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 9 th , by reporter xuanliang li and liang linping lin linping lin lin , the pentagon recently officially submitted the " defense review report on four - year defense in four years " to congress , the first time that china is most likely to pose military challenges to the united states .
experts believe that this is a serious test of china 's normal national defense construction , and it is a great challenge to china 's internal affairs .
the " four - year defense assessment report " is a new national defense guidance document of the pentagon .
the long - term , 92 - page report is based on three expositions on china 's military strength and the us response , with a total of 15 directly mentioned the question of china or china .
the chinese academy of military sciences ' world military research department , yao yunzhu , said : although senior us officials have expressed similar viewpoints on many occasions , this is the first time that the united states has put forward in the national defense strategy report that china is the most likely to pose a military challenge to the united states .
the report was first clearly explained that russia 's military power and military power were the first to be used as a new strategic opponent , especially in the so - called china military threat theory .
the chinese academy of military sciences research fellow peng guangqian said :
it is worth noting that in the " four - year defense assessment report , " the " defense review report " was officially submitted , and us president bush also submitted to congress the 2007 fiscal year government budget , of which $ 43.3 - billion was defense budget .
the fame plus the fact that the united states has been carrying out military actions in iraq and afghanistan , the us defense budget for fiscal 2007 will exceed the $ 500 - billion mark , setting a new historical record , peng guangqian said , " this is almost the same as the military spending of all other countries in the world . "
peng guangqian said : the united states fabricated the threat of other countries by fabricating the theory that the pentagon has always been making trouble for its enemy style , and its real purpose is to strive for more national defense funds , to reap more profits for the us munitions industrial group .
experts say that compared with the huge military spending of the united states , china 's national defense expenditure is quite limited .
he has participated in many times the military experts written by the white paper on china 's national defense , saying that since the 1990 's , with the economic development , china 's national defense spending has increased , but the overall ratio of china 's financial expenditure in the same period has declined .
official data show that in 2004 , the number of chinese defense spending was 2.7 percent of the state 's financial expenditure in the same period .
in 2005 , china 's national defense spending was 244.656 billion yuan , only about one - third of the us , and the national per capita military spending was only about one - 60 percent of the us military spending , and the military spending per capita was about one - third of the us military spending .
the us homeland and china 's territory are roughly equal , and the military expenditure is so huge , and is it a military power that goes beyond the proper defense requirements , and this is self - evident .
peng guangqian said :
the china arms control and disarmament association director teng jianqun said : the us side should objectively assess china 's military construction situation , and china 's peaceful development does not mean that china and the united states will become opponents militarily in the future .
the " 2004 china national defense " white paper says that china firmly follows the road of peaceful development and carries out a defensive national defense policy .
china has been in no way in the past and now , nor will it pose a threat to any country .
so far , china has not conducted any military exercises in any other country , nor has it sent any military force to other countries , and the united states has more than 100 military bases overseas , and it has only deployed more than 100,000 troops in asia .
professor xu bodong of the institute of international relations of beijing university said : china and the united states should increase communication and exchanges through the established channels , enhance mutual understanding and trust , and comprehensively promote the sino - us constructive and cooperative relations in the new century so as to jointly promote world peace and development .
( winter olympics ) dumandu winter olympic games opening ceremony will be excited
xinhua news agency , duentiane , february 9 th , by reporter ying ying yan tao ding and yan tao , the opening ceremony of the 20 th winter games will be officially opened at the capital olympic stadium in duzukin at 8 : 00 p.m . on the evening of 10 february .
on 9 april , the duzhe winter olympic games organizing committee disclosed to reporters the exciting arrangements for the opening ceremony .
as for the opening ceremony , president carlos tony , with full confidence , said at a press conference that the opening ceremony cost a total of 10 million euros , which has attracted the top - notch professionals from all walks of life in italy .
he said : the night of 10 may will cause people to forget , and the audience will be able to see the 350,000 viewers and the 202 - billion television audience in the world .
the passion flames were filled with a warm and lively five - ray peace .
italian renowned design master alma mi specially wrote a book for the opening ceremony , which was attended by the famous italian fashion brand mogeno , who will provide a courteous service to the athletes attending the ceremony .
however , the famous italian boycott pavarotti will be singing a song at the opening ceremony , and the organizing committee will keep this suspense in the final .
eight of them were able to spray flame flames , and the glimpse players would use the flames over three meters long to show their passion . they would be able to carry out many times at a rate of 70 kilometers .
the official of the organizing committee said that this was the most successful performance of their opening ceremony .
the question of how to ignite the main torch , the organizing committee did not reveal the matter ahead of time , but the 57 - meter main torchbearer will be lightly turbine and residents on the nearby alps .
us wholesale prices rise sharply in april
xinhua news agency , washington , february 9 ( reporter zhao yi and li xuejun ) us white house spokesman mcclellan said at a news briefing on the 9th that although the cartoons of the islamic proponents have triggered strong protests in the islamic world , president bush will still visit pakistan and india in accordance with the plan .
mcclellan said that bush is looking forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he also said that he was working hard for this visit .
mcclellan made the above remarks at a press conference held in some parts of pakistan to protest against islamic prejudice mohammed mohammed .
on 1 january this year , bush met with pakistani prime minister aziz at the white house . both sides expressed their willingness to strengthen friendly cooperation to jointly crack down on terrorism that jeopardizes the security of the two countries .
bush also said that at the invitation of the pakistani and indian governments , he will pay an official visit to pakistan and india in march .
us , china to hold cabinet meeting in new york
xinhua news agency , ramallah , february 9 , hamas has been seeking a breakthrough in the cabinet
xinhua news agency reporter wang hao and
palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) has won the election of the legislative council , how to draw a blueprint for the new government has become the focus of attention in the world today .
hamas to pursue a new policy directly affects the peace process of the parties concerned in the next step .
at the same time , the boycott attitude of the united states and israel has added variables to the prospects of the hamas government .
at present , the palestinian side is stepping up consultations to discuss the issue of forming a cabinet that involves the difficulties and sensitive points of future development of the situation .
the chinese government has been working hard to improve the quality of the people .
hamas won the right to form a cabinet , and people in the outside world were worried that prime minister hamas may have differences with abbas , the current supreme leader .
moreover , the chinese government , who is visiting egypt , has stressed that hamas is set up by the new palestinian government , that it will not recognize israel , and this hard - line signal has also aggravated international concerns .
the united states and israel clearly expressed their disapproval of a hamas government that holds the power and used this to threaten to stop economic aid to palestine and to refer the taxes to pakistan .
however , this does not hamper hamas from making flexible strategic adjustments , and it is not a good thing for the independent .
it is reported that in order to obtain the international recognition to the maximum , the palestinian leader , who was recently gathered in egypt , decided to choose an independent member of the board of directors of the islamic university , jayahari , to become the new prime minister .
this move has not yet been approved by the relevant parties .
palestinian analysts , hossein , said that no matter how much the prime minister 's post is , the most crucial thing is that the prime minister should try as far as possible to weaken the hard - line voice of hamas , and only by so doing can it ensure the success of the cabinet formation .
the chinese government has always been concerned about the situation of the people 's livelihood .
from an internal perspective , hamas 's task of forming a cabinet is to lack sufficient ruling experience .
palestinian " yasser arafat " said in an analysis that hamas has gathered together in the social welfare project but , in the aspect of governing , it lacks experience and is not in a position to form a coalition with the palestinian national liberation movement ( fatah ) , which has its ruling experience .
hamas has been in opposition to fatah 's plan to establish a political partnership with fatah and jointly establish a national coalition government since the election , but fatah has not yet given a positive response .
fatah 's internal investigation is now on whether or not to enter the cabinet is not the same . the one - party faction advocates taking part in the new government , thus making some achievements . the other faction refused hamas 's invitation .
the source also pointed out that the palestinian - israeli conflict has been escalating since abbas persuaded .
even though it is so , hamas and fatah will also hold talks on the distribution of the cabinet posts .
in addition , another way is to establish a legislative council framework to dissolve the party 's affiliated cabinet .
it is reported that hamas has also designed a clean expert - type government , but the specific list is unknown .
in view of the attitude of the united states and israel , the technology expert - type government is not at all deterred by a form of cabinet formation aimed at reducing external pressure .
according to the palestinian basic law , the palestinian people will be able to hold a referendum on the election of the new legislative council on 16 march . the work of nominating the prime minister and forming the cabinet will be completed within three to five weeks .
the chinese government has always been concerned about the situation of the armed forces .
hamas 's weapons are designed to establish a new government , and the new government is facing another thorny problem .
the united states and israel have adopted a very tough attitude and resolutely demanded that hamas abandon violence and refuse to take part in politics with the gun .
hamas leader mahathir stressed on 9 april that armed resistance was a strategic choice made by the organization .
armed forces are in fact a legality of weapons and the two armed forces ' ownership management .
hamas has been fighting for the palestinian people through democracy and freedom .
hamas once proposed to include all armed forces in the palestinian national authority organizations and the people 's army , but it did not receive a wide response , and it was also strongly condemned by the islamic jihad ( jakad ) .
the palestinian side has more than 60,000 security personnel , and the great majority of them come from the fatah camp .
moreover , fatah also has some organizational relations that are loosened with the sagging relations , such as the martyrs ' brigades , the hayami martyrs ' brigades , and the hayette and so on .
the delegation , which is responsible for forming the cabinet , must have a clear exchange of views with abbas on how to manage these armed forces that are in their own hands and rationally distribute security management power .
according to local media reports , abbas intends to be in charge of security and intelligence units , police and civil defense organizations , and other organizations , and the interior ministry of the new government is returned to the administration .
however , all parties are still discussing the sensitive issue . so far , no document has been published .
china 's first announcement of extreme investigation report
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 10 th , by reporter jianmin li and other members of the national oceanic administration recently published the " report on china 's polar survey for 2005 " . this is the first time that china has published the report in the past 20 years since its launching of extreme scientific research activities .
the " report " comprehensively reflects the new situation in china 's polar science research activities in 2005 , the extreme importance of the study of logistics support in science and technology .
according to the " report , " the " report " was published at 2:15 on 9 january 2005 ( beijing time ) , the china antarctic expedition team successfully rode on the sea surface of the antarctic , the highest - altitude ice - capped area of the antarctic , and set the highest point of the chungqiong 315:15 on 18 january ( beijing time ) .
the competition is becoming more and more fierce in the international arena , and the chinese people are always strongly wavering in their will and spirit of fearing no fear , and they are bold in opening up new fields . first , they have launched a campaign to strike the rhetoric of the nanchang pole and successfully realized the dream of mankind in the antarctic .
the state oceanic administration ( sssic ) director sun zhihui said :
the " report " shows that in the period of 24 march 2005 , the 21 st antarctic expedition team of china returned to shanghai with a complete success . the inspection lasted for 151 days and a flight range of 26,500 nautical miles .
in november of the same year , the 22nd china antarctic expedition team left shanghai to go to the antarctic central mountain station to conduct scientific examination activities and will leave zhongshan station by the end of february 2006 .
because it was the first time china issued an ultra - earth observation report , the " china ultra - earth observation report 2005 " also made a comprehensive analysis of china 's polar exploration undertaking , which was started in the early 1980 s .
according to the " report , " in 1983 , china officially joined the " antarctic treaty " and became a member of the antarctic treaty organization and became one of the countries in the antarctic treaty to conduct consultations on the nanpolarized science research commission , the director of the antarctic council , and other members of the international organizations that have the most influential powers .
in 1997 , china became the first member of the arctic science committee and won the first prize in international extreme affairs .
the " report " pointed out : over the past 20 years , china 's polar exploration has gone out of nothing and continued to develop , and the initial shape of the three - stop - - running wave south - pole scientific research system , namely , the " south pole long - shing station " established in february 1985 , the " central mountain station " established in february 1989 , the " northern pole station " established in july 2004 , and the first stage of investigation in 1994 .
the " report " has statistics that by the end of 2005 , china has organized 22 antarctic science surveys to study the history of the " three represents " with a snowstorm surging number , as the second time in the history of the country 's history .
the current situation is in the process of establishing the third antarctic observation station , and is also the first southern pole investigation and study station in china .
sun zhighui said :
the two - year - long effort has been made by china 's polar observation cause in the world 's polar world .
he said .
sun zhighui revealed that china will publish an ultra - regional investigation report every year in the future .
china to promote economic cooperation with president
xinhua news agency , havana , february 10 , cuba 's state council president castro met with visiting chinese president jiang zemin , who is on a visit to cuba , and both sides expressed their willingness to constantly strengthen mutually beneficial cooperation in education , science and technology .
president castro warmly welcomed president chen zhili on his visit to cuba .
he said : the development of cuban - chinese relations is very friendly , high - level mutual visits have been frequent , which has effectively promoted and strengthened friendship and mutual understanding between the two countries , and hopes that the two countries will constantly deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in all fields , including education and science .
chen zhili said : cuba is an important country in latin america and the caribbean region .
the two countries have enjoyed a good momentum of development in the relations between the two countries .
cuba is the first country to establish diplomatic relations with new china .
in the new century , with the joint efforts of the leaders of the two countries , the two countries have deepened their political mutual trust , expanded their cooperation spheres , and supported and cooperated with each other in international affairs , and sino - cuban friendly relations have entered a new period of comprehensive development .
she believed that with the joint efforts of both sides , the friendly cooperation between china and cuba will surely produce more fruitful results .
chen zhili also pointed out : the chinese government has always attached importance to exchanges and cooperation with cuba in the educational field .
in recent years , the two countries have maintained close exchanges in education and frequent personnel exchanges .
china actively supports the cuban side 's international conference and has sent a delegation to attend the world conference on higher education and the 2005 anti - illiteracy conference .
cuba 's basic education level is very high , and hopes to further strengthen relevant experience exchange in the future .
chen zhili said : the friendly cooperation between china and cuba in the field of scientific and technological research and development can be achieved through cooperation in various fields and by achieving mutual benefit .
the chinese side has assisted cuba in its research and development , hoping to play a positive role in cuba 's scientific research and production .
she also briefed castro on china 's strategy of invigorating the country through science and education and the national science and technology conference .
chen zhili arrived in beijing on the evening of 2 february at the invitation of the cuban government to begin a visit to cuba .
at the same time , chen zhili met with the cuban minister of higher education vino vasile and inspected the havana university of information science and technology at havana university and st maria 's primary school .
the beijing - kazakhstan highway accident has caused some of the road to seal oil .
xinhua news agency , harbin , february 11 th , by reporter shubin liang and xu jialu , a serious explosion occurred at the 58 - kilometer section of the beijing - kazakhstan highway , causing the closure of some sections of the road .
according to the public security bureau traffic police unit of shuangcheng city , at 2300 on 10 april , three cars collided with one car after another in 58 kilometers of the beijing - kazakhstan highway . a car with an idle bus collided with a tanker . the oil tank was crashed and leaked out . the waste oil inside was flowing on the road .
it is learned that the oil tank loaded with coke production and dyeing oil .
the number of people who were not covered by the vehicle was very high , and at the same time they were afraid that the fire might occur in the past vehicles , and the departments concerned had closed the road to the accident site .
harbin to double - city road is closed to traffic , and many traffic is bypassing .
at present , relevant departments are cleaning up the scene , and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
hk , taiwan hold talks on hk 's economic development beijing , march 3
xinhua news agency , hong kong , february 11 , the wpai huangpu company limited announced on the 11th the postponing of the implementation of the qaida 3e business plan .
and huang ju , general manager of the huang group , said : although the enrollment of the third clauses has been approved by all relevant authorities on the market , the procedures for obtaining shares must be completed within the next few weeks , and the time is really too busy .
at the same time , the european telecommunications market is now weak , and the market may not necessarily be able to provide a 3 - time laptop of the value of a market that is suitable for listing .
in view of the fact that the shareholders have gained the greatest interests , the decision to postpone the listing of the stock market has been postponed .
as for when the repatriation of shares will be made public , howard said that it would be necessary to consider the situation of the european telecommunications market in the future .
he held that from now on to further raise the share prices to 3 times , the italian market needs to carry out extensive investor education activities so as to make the global telecommunications investment market more clearly understand the current strong performance and favorable prospects of italy .
in addition , according to media reports , the three italian clerks , one of the world 's coordinators , were goldman sachs , and agreed to purchase the euro by way of private matching .
china to promote economic cooperation with myanmar : chinese fm
xinhua news agency , yangon , february 12 th , by wire ( reporter yunfei zhang ) - the chinese ambassador to myanmar and the minister of economic and business affairs , tang hai said in an exclusive interview with xinhua on the eve of burma 's prime minister 's visit to china on the 14th that the economic and trade relations between china and burma have now shown a good trend of enriching content and multiplied forms of mutually beneficial cooperation .
the director said that in recent years , the friendly relations between china and kazakhstan , built on the basis of the five principles of peaceful coexistence , have been consolidated and developed , and exchanges and cooperation in various fields have expanded and deepened day by day , and the economic and trade relations between the two countries have been expanding and strengthened .
tang hai - zambia said that the two countries ' high - level mutual visits have effectively promoted the development of bilateral economic and trade cooperation .
in 2004 , the two countries ' high - level mutual visits were signed , and 33 documents on economic and trade cooperation were being implemented and implemented .
he said : in 2004 , the gdp was $ 11.44 - billion , and by 2005 reached $ 12.09 - billion , of which $ 9.35 - billion was exported and $ 274 - billion were imported .
last year , the two countries ' trade volume reached $ 32.7 billion , up from $ 39.3 billion in 1998 .
tang hai said : myanmar has become a bridge for chinese enterprises to carry out contract - related projects . china 's main projects include power station bridge , bridge , and factory ( such as sugar factory , etc. ) , miguel cement factory , burma , etc.
chinese enterprises have launched projects in myanmar , which has brought along the development of various kinds of complete sets of electrical and mechanical products , and myanmar has become an important market for china 's complete sets of equipment and mechanical and electrical products .
according to statistics from the chinese customs , in the past five to six years , the export volume of mechanical and electrical products has accounted for about 45.5 percent of china 's total exports to myanmar .
tang said that the chinese government has rich resources and the chinese company has started to invest in myanmar 's oil and gas fields , including the oil and gas pipeline mining , and the development of sino - burmese trade and economic cooperation has great potential .
he hoped that chinese enterprises will have a long - term vision , learn to avoid risks , and make prudent decisions , and establish a good image of enterprises , so that they can ensure quality and ensure the quality of their projects and win glory for the country .
the director of the state administration of management and the state administration of foreign affairs both held that premier soe win 's forthcoming formal visit to china is a major event in bilateral relations this year , and is of great significance to promoting mutual political trust , promoting bilateral cooperation , and promoting the further development of sino - burmese good - neighborly relations .
it is expected that the two sides will sign several documents on economic and trade cooperation during the visit .
world bank to reduce poverty rate
xinhua news agency , moscow , february 11 , wolfowitz , president of the world bank , said in moscow on the 11th that the world bank would completely exempt the debts of the poorest countries before the middle of this year .
wolfowitz held talks with russian foreign minister igor ivanov in moscow on the same day .
he said in a statement issued after the meeting that the world bank would be carrying out a debt reduction plan before 1 july this year , and the world bank is now completing all technical work .
last year , the world bank 's donor countries completely removed the debts owed by 28 countries and said they would provide the relevant trust funds for the fund .
the imf said the imf 's creditor 's creditor 's was smaller , and the imf began to reduce or waive its debts by the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz has also canceled the removal of the debts of 16 african countries .
gao qing said that the high - tech television has gradually become the mainstream in the united states .
xinhua news agency , new york , february 12 th , by reporter xiaolin fan fan and with the high incidence rate ( clarion ) , the prices of television sets are declining continuously and the market is expanding . the us television broadcasting agencies are also stepping up their efforts to introduce corresponding high - resolution tv programs .
the first " us - style " was a great fanfare .
according to a report recently by the financial times , the us congress recently adopted a bill , which stipulates that american broadcasting operators must submit their applications to the us congress on 17 february 2009 . the report can only be seen as a signal of digital signals .
this means that the us television program has broadcast a comprehensive digitized timetable .
the high resolution rate of digital tv is on the one hand dependent on consumers to buy tv sets , while on the other hand it is necessary to provide high - resolution programs by producing agencies .
digital tv is a major source of the number of people who have not been seen as a reality in the past few years .
this question is about to take a turn for the better this year .
according to the us consumer electronics association 's forecast , the number of digital television sets will be sold in the united states for the first time above traditional tv sets , while 85.5 percent of the digital tv sets will be high resolution products .
japan 's research personnel have developed new - type high - efficiency human kidney - making kidney
xinhua news agency , tokyo , february 13 th , by reporter shuojing qian ) the research personnel of the japanese east china sea university have developed a physiological kidney , which is similar to the kidney of humans , and at the same time has the function of preserving the material elements . moreover , it is easy to take over the body . with the in - depth study , it is expected to bring the kidney to the patient .
according to a report by the nihon keizai shimbun , the newly developed biological human kidney is mainly composed of two parts , and some are transmitted from blood to transwrecy and water diameter , while some are from the original urbine diagnostic and ammonia , etc. , and some have components of waste and other ingredients , such as the original water and ammonia , etc. , and have returned to the blood transmit@@
the spying of the brain and the clarion of the clenbuterol were made by the middle - air silk line , and the internally sound of the tube was also laid with the ability to dispose of the waste .
this kind of skin cells can cause blood to be thoroughly thoroughly tested by blood transaturity through blood transaturity and interrelated clenbuterol .
in the past , the human kidney used to be a contagious contagious transfilter of waste , and it could not completely dispose of it , and also does not have the ability to return to the functions of amine acid and other components to the blood .
researchers use the hillside to conduct human - to - human kidney transplantation experiments , the middle - of - the - art - making bowl of human kidney in the middle - of - the - art silk walls .
two weeks later , researchers confirmed that the human kidney has been able to perform its function .
at present , they are developing and using human kidney cells to build the kidney of human kidney and will start clinical research after verifying their safety .
china 's power industry safety still faces severe challenges
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 13 , the state power regulatory commission ( sdrc ) said on the 13th that although the overall situation of power safety production remained stable in 2005 , the production safety of power is still facing severe challenges .
the state commission for supervision and control of electric power , shi yubo , vice chairman of the national committee for the work of electric power safety , said at the fifth meeting of the national committee for the production of electricity in 2005 , china 's overall power production safety was stable and the overall situation was satisfactory to completion , the task of ensuring electricity supply safety was achieved , and the country 's emergency response to natural disasters was actively ensured , the power production safety equipment and general electric power grid was basically safe
however , he pointed out that as the supply and demand situation changes and the large number of newly built generating units have been put into operation , the production of electricity safety will face new challenges .
these challenges include regional clout and interactive sensational problems , such as the lack of electricity supply and demand in some areas , the lack of a benign power supply mechanism , the lack of a benign power supply mechanism , and the fact that there are still relatively big problems in supply , and the problem of the decline in the quality of electricity and coal , which will have a serious impact on the stable operation of power generating units , the stability of some power grid equipment , the situation
shi yubo said : with the deepening of reform of the power structure , many deep - seated contradictions will continue to be exposed , how to maintain the stability of the workers and staff members and ensure normal production order will become a new problem facing them .
in view of the overall situation of the work of power production safety in 2006 , shi yubo said : we should further strengthen the basic work of the management of power safety , speed up the establishment and improvement of the power safety emergency management mechanism , enhance the ability to cope with sudden incidents , strengthen the coordination and cooperation of the power plant 's network , jointly safeguard the safety of the power system , continue to do a good job in the work of safe management and informatized construction of the dam of
it is reported that in connection with the new situation of power safety management , the china electric regulatory commission will conduct a comprehensive examination of the " interim provisions on investigating and handling electric power production " promulgated this year . at the same time , the relevant documents on the safety of the dam and the safety of the second - grade electric power system will be distributed one after another this year .
in 2005 , the total electricity consumption in china 's society reached 246.89 - billion kw , an increase of 13.45 percent over the same period last year .
in the face of the situation of supply and demand of electricity , the contradiction between coal , electricity , and transportation is still very grim , and various power enterprises have taken effective measures to strengthen equipment management . last year , no major equipment accident occurred in the power production of the whole country .
the accident occurred when 74 grid incidents occurred , down 127 times from the same period last year , and the accident occurred 427 times , down 132 times from the same period last year .
south african ambassador to china said south africa does not have any clues to organize the fight against chinese citizens ' criminal activities .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 13 th , by reporter jiangang wang and hao yulin , charge d'affaires of the south african embassy in china , said in an exclusive interview with xinhua news agency that south africa does not have any problem with organizations to directly commit crimes against chinese citizens .
he also said that the south african government would spare no effort in cracking down on all forms of criminal activities .
mr chung said that south africa hopes to see a criminal rate down to zero .
since 2006 , the number of people who have been killed in south africa has been increasing by more than 40 percent , and the chinese world has shown great concern .
chinese foreign ministry has already submitted a written statement to south africa on this matter , and reminded chinese citizens in southern africa to further enhance their awareness of security and prevention . overseas chinese have strengthened unity and friendship and cooperated with the police to jointly crack down on criminal activities .
we 'll ask the victims ' family members the most sincere sympathy and condolences .
mr chung said that the government had been very sorry for this and asked the chinese people to believe that the south african government is seriously investigating every case involving china .
according to the chinese embassy in south africa , south africa police have successfully cracked the case of a chinese woman chen jianqing , who was killed in south africa on 5 february . a suspect was arrested .
at present , police are hunting another suspect .
in addition , according to the south african embassy in china , the number of criminals arrested by south africa police in january this year , and the property of the victims was recovered .
on china 's citizens ' assassination , jiang said that the chinese government has always attached great importance to these incidents .
according to a report by the south african embassy tourism commissioner , the embassy only received 1,500 tourists from over 2,000 chinese in the first 15 days of this year .
in addition , according to chinese official statistics , south africa will continue to maintain its position as the largest trade partner of china in africa in 2005 .
the bilateral trade volume reached 72.7 - billion us dollars , up 23.7 percent over the same period last year .
however , the tourism industry believes that the number of people in china who have been killed in successive incidents in 2004 has a significant impact on the number of chinese tourists visiting south africa .
according to a report by the south african tourism bureau , the number of chinese tourists visiting south africa in the first half of 2005 was 20,331 , down by 14.9percent over the same period last year .
the current population living in south africa is 200,000 , and there are about 20,000 people in the towns and villages in south africa .
analysts here believe that the gap between the rich and the poor in south africa is too wide , unemployment is high , and firearms are running rampant , and there is no deterrent to death penalty , so the crime rate is still high .
because many chinese do not understand english , they have a cash with their families , and they are more easily becoming targets of criminal activities in their pursuit of financial attacks .
hk , taiwan hold seminar on employment of english in hong kong
xinhua news agency , hong kong , february 13 , a hong kong special administrative region government initiated a new programme to provide more english language learning and teaching opportunities for the people working in the community .
this is a good english language , a wonderful and lively life - wide program , which includes a series of promotional activities to promote learning and training in english and to enable employers to better understand the importance of helping their employees to upgrade their english proficiency .
as of now , the scheme has funded nearly 25,000 people to complete the workplace english training courses , with the result that they have attained the benchmark of the english proficiency of the local workplace english benchmarks for the relevant job types .
hong kong 's english language campaign is a special initiative launched by the sar government in 2000 .
the number of students in the workplace english campaign is an important part of the funding scheme .
the scheme aims to help the public to use english in their work to acquire a better understanding of the work of english through participating in training and participating in designated international english tests .
the work of hiv / aids testing in hebei province is free and voluntary
xinhua news agency , shijiazhuang , february 14 th , by reporter zhiyong dong , hebei provincial health department recently issued a " circular on implementing the voluntary consultation and testing of aids in hebei " ( on a trial basis ) , which clearly stipulated the principle of free voluntary consultation and keeping information on aids tests and expecting to the greatest extent possible to discover hiv / aids and patients , further implement preventive intervention measures and alertness policy .
the " plan " clearly defined the work of providing voluntary consultation and testing for aids in hebei province : the work of testing aids antibodies and consultation on aids prevention is free , and the monitoring and consultation of aids antibody resistance and the information is voluntary and the approval of the information ; the hiv antibody testing and consultation is not conducted to evaluate relevant behaviors of the advisory ; the hiv carriers and aids patients ' legitimate rights and interests are protected , providing them with follow - up services .
the " plan " calls for the work of providing aids consultation and testing centers at convenient locations for consulting people , and for protecting the privacy of consulting personnel , there should be an independent room for consultation on one side .
the information of the advisers should be taken into full consideration in their personal quality and their ability to communicate with each other .
to protect the interests of the consulting personnel , the inspection leaflet can be used to register the data .
the " plan " also demanded that the health administrative departments at and above the county level publish the local major media reports on the work of medical and health institutions that undertake the voluntary hiv / aids test service and the telephone for consultation , so as to make the masses understand the relevant information .
the ministry of public security has also taken measures to crack down on criminal suspects by torture .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 14 th , by wire ( reporter meng na ) - - deputy director of the public security police inspectors bureau , zheng baigang , in answering a foreign reporter 's question at a press briefing , pointed out that the so - called unacceptable method for criminal suspects to admit their crimes in china is absolutely not allowed in china .
the inspectors ' work focus is also to prevent the occurrence of these problems .
he also pointed out that some international organizations have not yet taken any action to completely ignore the law enforcement situation of the chinese police .
the ministry of public security has provided the latest information on 14 april , which has been distributed to public security organs in 2002 , the ministry of public security has issued the " regulations on the record of detention of dismissal measures " to the public security organs , " and has better guaranteed the application of detention - in - house measures by public security organs at the grass - roots level .
since 1997 , in order to further promote the three policies of management ( the exam of interrogation by torture ) , the criminal suspects have been arrested in the whole country .
to prevent the source from the problem of law enforcement , the police inspector department further extended the inspection and supervision of law enforcement agencies , stepped up the investigation of the application of transmitting calls , asked questions about the need to raise the number of policemen who were involved in the case of handling cases of illegal security penalties and robbing information on motor vehicles .
hk , taiwan hold talks on taiwan 's entry into wto beijing , march 28
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 15 , taipei news : former honorary chairman of the taiwan strait exchange foundation sun yun - hsuan , who was also the honorary chairman of the taiwan strait exchange foundation , was born in the early morning of 15 february due to acute muscles and died of blood failure .
sun yun - hsuan was born on 11 november 1913 in penglai , shandong , and graduated from the electrical machinery department of harbin industrial university .
it was the first time the kmt 's 10 th to 13 th cpc central committee member and the 11th executive meeting of the central standing committee and the 14th central committee committee committee committee member shi yiren was elected chairman of the presidium and members of the 15th central committee .
he was once a taiwan authorities ' head of communications and administrative affairs .
heilongjiang has promoted the construction of the water pollution impact assessment and countermeasures for the songhua river water pollution ecological environment
xinhua news agency , harbin , february 16 th , by reporter shoutao ) to do a good job in the work of closing the water period and the ice layer in the songhua river , the follow - up monitoring and control of pollution will be carried out in heilongjiang province , and the assessment and countermeasures for the water pollution of the songhua river will be carried out .
the reporter learned from the heilongjiang provincial environmental protection bureau that the state administration of environmental protection organized the songhua river major pollution incident and ecological impact assessment and countermeasure projects , which were jointly organized by the state environmental protection administration , have set 15 special topics , which are divided into four categories : emergency environmental assessment and response assessment and response assessment of emergency situations , and assessment of the ecological environment and human health and human health control project .
at present , there are 10 scientific research institutes in heilongjiang province , with a total of over 60 people having undertaken 14 technical research work .
it is reported that the environmental protection departments and relevant scientific research institutes will conduct a series of special topics on the emergency environment evaluation and countermeasures for the five special topics , and strive to solve the problems of the environment which the masses are most concerned about .
these include the control of the underlying characteristics of pollutants and the forecast of the total discharge volume of pollutants at the outbound , the safety impact of the songhua river water product safety assessment on the cross - strait scattered - type water - collecting and underground water supply safety , the assessment of the safety of water supply in cities ' safety - net water supply technology in cities , the study of the clarity of the pollutant in the process of the songhua
in the past , the province 's environmental protection department will also intensify environmental monitoring along the songhua river , and strictly investigate and deal with environmental incidents caused by illegal discharge of pollutants and illegal construction .
heilongjiang will send environmental law enforcement personnel to urge localities to carry out comprehensive environmental improvement in small river basins , improve the environment of a small river , make a clean break through the irish river , and other supporting systems .
beijing university 's cinema to mourn wang selected academician
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 15 ( reporter li jiangtao ) after a few days of intense deployment , beijing university is situated at the 100 th anniversary memorial hall at the great hall of the people on the morning of 15 february . by noon on the same day , several hundred people came to the memorial hall .
at 0800 hours , the hall was opened to the public . the hall was open to the public . dozens of people outside the hall were waiting for a long time .
the reporter saw at the beijing university 's centennial memorial hall that the wall of the hall was hanging black and white walls : grievances to mourn wang selected academicians .
the horizontal picture is a dozen square meters of wang 's tomb , and he is wearing a glasses , showing a smile , and a sense of integrity .
the genetic , the two sides of the body , the trees , the trees , and the trees were placed on both sides .
one of the walls recycle the same writing : the chinese emperor was born in qinsheng 's splendid foundation , and the lead was greeted with the contemporary blueprint .
the hall was filled with a smiling and a smiling atmosphere .
the memorial crowd was filled with a large number of people , including leaders and teachers and students of beijing university , friends of wang selected academicians , and friends of wang selected scholars . many people who were not at all happy with him also rushed to the hall .
some of them have flown flowers , some have flower baskets , and everyone is wearing flowers in their chest , and are slowly walking to the front of the wang election academician 's remains .
many people could not help but to move down .
he was once appointed director of the state administration of cultural relics . he was a old alumni of beijing university . he told the reporter that he was still working in henan province more than 10 years ago . he asked professor wang to give a report on scientific and technological innovation to the provincial party committee cadres .
hello , xianwang chorus .
beijing university law school jin ruilin
the chinese government has been very concerned about the situation of the people 's livelihood .
mr. jin was speaking in his letter .
he told the reporter that professor wang chin - ch'ing 's life was very frugal , and when he was at the tong fu garden , he already had a very high achievement , but he was still living in a very small flat for many years .
later he moved to the front of the zoo , where he was living in a place of 70 square meters , for more than 10 years .
beijing university has given him a special training course on his academician 's building in the blue chip , and more than 140 square meters of the house . he does not want to provide high - level housing in the fangzheng building . he also does not want to go to the street .
mr. jin was deeply recalled by the fact that wang chin - ch'ing provided a very high treatment to foreign countries during his visit , but he resolutely refuted him .
the first time he himself insisted that he did not apply for academician was a result of many mobilization by mr. zhou peiyuan .
jean ch'ol said with deep feelings : wang ch'ing - ch'ing has also stressed on many occasions that now i still have some achievements , not to see me myself , but to depend on training young people .
mr. jin said : over the past 50 years , wang chin - ch'ing began to pay attention to cultivating young people . he has always stressed the need to pave the way , to be willing to be a man 's ladder , and to give young people a way .
the finger is very proud of a very successful scientist .
the reporter learned from the beijing university news center that from 0900 on 15 february to the afternoon of 19 february , the number of people from the morning of 15 february to the day was opened to the public from 0900 to 1600 , and people from all walks of life were paying their condolences .
the chinese people are proud of their achievements in the past year .
chinese fm meets with french guests
wu bangguo attends signing ceremony and signs
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 15 th , by wire ( reporter rong yan ) wu bangguo , chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress , attended the signing ceremony of the agreement on the establishment of political dialogue relations between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament at the great hall of the people on the afternoon of 15 february , and signed the agreement in the document .
the npc and the chilean parliament exchange mechanism have been officially established .
it is reported that chilean senate president romolo and chamber of deputies speaker arsenault have held a meeting in santiago , the capital of chile .
according to the agreement , the two sides will conduct a series of bilateral cooperation in various fields in accordance with the principles set forth in the communique on the establishment of sino - chilean diplomatic relations , and the two sides will set up a dialogue committee to take turns to hold regular meetings to jointly promote the comprehensive development of bilateral relations .
chilean ambassador to china kirala and other officials attended the signing ceremony .
china will issue regulations on the protection of the right to disseminate information networks
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 15 ( reporter zhou wei and li fei ) many websites have relied on a large number of news reports such as newspapers and magazines to increase their strike rate , but many have not authorized them , and have not paid any fees to them . wang ziqiang , director of the state copyright bureau , said at a news briefing held by the state council information office on 15 february that the issue of transmitting works on the internet is being resolved .
wang ziqiang said : according to the current law , the newspaper has published a number of works that the author does not make any statement that can not use the span , and the newspaper and periodical may not be used by the author . at the same time , it must pay the remuneration . the state copyright bureau has formulated a standard for the reimbursement of newspapers and periodicals in accordance with the law .
however , according to the current law , the newspaper is entitled to this statutory licensing rights , and the internet does not enjoy this legal license .
according to the supreme people 's court 's relevant judicial explanations , the system of using the means of transmitting the legal permission can apply to the internet , that is , the short - term articles published on the internet , and the author does not make a short statement , the internet can not be used without permission , and the payment should be paid .
however , due to the judicial interpretation of the remuneration standards , the internet has not been used in actual terms .
the report also said that the government had issued a series of policies on the use of the internet , including the legal level , to determine the use of the internet .
wang ziqiang said : whether or not it is included in the scope of the law is determined by the law , and whether it is still to be enacted this year to protect the right to disseminate information networks .
us wholesale prices rise sharply in july
xinhua news agency , moscow , february 15 , by wire ( reporter shiyi song ) - russian defense ministry news official sergei ivanov told the media on the 15th that the georgian parliament 's resolution on russian peacekeeping troops would not affect russian troops ' peacekeeping operations in the near term , and russian troops would continue to carry out peacekeeping missions in the south ossetia cloud area .
russian state duma ( lower house of parliament ) chairman korunsil kono expressed his views on the resolution of the georgian parliament on the russian peacekeeping troops .
he stressed : the resolution of the georgian parliament has made russian - georgian relations move further toward the deterioration direction .
he held that the georgian side 's accusation against the russian side is absurd .
the georgian parliament adopted a resolution on the same day , demanding that the russian peacekeeping troops stop their peacekeeping activities at the south ossetia , but it did not determine the specific time for the withdrawal of russian peacekeeping troops .
the georgian parliament accused russian peacekeeping personnel of not fulfilling their obligations stipulated in the regulations and also regarded russia 's actions in the conflict area as an attempt to swallow the territory of georgia .
the georgian parliament called on the government to take positive action to consider the deployment of peacekeeping troops in the south ossetia clash area to replace the current russian peacekeeping operations in the region .
the georgian parliament also instructed the government to amend the law on the stationing of russian peacekeeping personnel in the conflict area .
the south ossetia is an autonomous state of georgia and is also a bridge linking russia 's northern ossetia republic .
the disintegration of the former soviet union declared independence and had long been in a state of confrontation with the georgian central government .
at present , russia has deployed troops in the region , and there is a peace - keeping camp of 500 people .
this unit is a unit established in accordance with the 1992 russian siemens , the northern idia , and the south ossetia .
the liaoyuan hospital was responsible for the fire and four people were arrested for serious accidents .
xinhua news agency , changchun , february 16 th , by reporter liquan zhou and jilin , the extraordinarily serious fire occurred at the liaoyuan city hospital in jilin province , 11 people were killed by the accident investigation group , including zhang diankun , head of the hospital 's cable tv squad , and four others , who were suspected of being involved in major accidents .
in december 15 , 2005 , the liaoyuan city 's largest hospital and the huoxin center hospital , a fire broke out , and the total number of people killed was 39 .
in this fire , the chinese people 's volunteers , who had passed the fire , were more than 5,000 square meters .
it is learned that this is the first time that the national medical and health system has undergone the largest fire since the founding of new china .
according to investigations , the explosion occurred at around 1630 on the same day , when the hospital of liaoyuan city suddenly stopped electricity . according to the circuits design of the hospital , if the power shut down , the power box office will automatically jump to the deputy gate and continue to maintain the normal power supply at the hospital . however , the power gate at that time did not jump off . zhang diankun , head of the electrical squad , was forced to give the
the braved smoke was also used to cover the underground cable , which was unfinished by more than 10 - odd - power cables , and it should be very neatly placed in the walls and put up fire - prevention layer .
therefore , 57 - year - old liaoyuan city textile company 's electrical installation team leader zhao yongchun , yuyue , retired cadre of the liaoyuan electrical industry bureau , sun fenglin , after retirement from the city center hospital , returned to the work of hiring jin chengtai , three people , suspected of being involved in major accidents , will be charged .
the number of rural tourism in china is the first in the history of tourism in guizhou , tin lung , china .
xinhua news agency , guiyang , february 16 , by wire ( reporter xinrong shi ) on the morning of 16 february , a large child of tianlong village , tianlong town , pingtan county , guizhou province , dressed in a grand festive smile , and was filled with joy .
at 1000 , the five - year - old year activity ended , with a long - sleeved tall of his youth , zheng peirong , aged 80 , sounded the slogan of the first tourist tour of guizhou in china .
the tuen mun district is one of the major tourist attractions in guizhou 's rural areas and the national rural tourism demonstration points .
as the flood control base for the ming dynasty , the young pioneers of the ming dynasty , and the young pioneers in the buck have been in history for more than 600 years .
here , the situation is seen everywhere .
it is learned that the tianlong village has relied on this cultural tradition advantage to develop rural cultural tourism since 2002 . it is only a year in which the income of tickets alone reached 3.8 - million yuan . in the whole village , 479 percent of the village 's residents participated in tourism through catching and tourism by farmers . the peasants ' per capita income has increased from over 1,300 yuan in 2002 to 40 yuan in 2005 .
guizhou province tourism administration deputy yang shengming introduced that the tourism industry has grown rapidly since the first tourist attraction in tianlong , and has started a new tour of the new rural tourism and new tourism experience has been playing a major theme . various rural tourism activities in various parts of guizhou this year will reach 35 .
so far , guizhou has already received over 130 villages and villages .
in january , 70 cities throughout the country increased their housing prices by 5.5 percent , while shanghai 's real estate prices continued to decline .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 16 ( reporter liu zheng ) the total number of large and medium - sized cities in china rose by 5.5 percent in january , down 0.7 percentage points from the previous month .
the shanghai housing prices continued to decline .
the state 's development and reform commission announced on 16 april the national statistics bureau 's data show that among the 70 large and medium - sized cities , the prices of most housing sales rose slightly in january this year , and the huochant and hot - line prices in shanghai continued to drop by more than 10 percent , and the prices of housing in shanghai continued to drop by 0.44 percent compared with the same period last year .
the same toxic statistics show that in the first quarter of last year , the housing sales prices in shanghai rose 19.1 percent year - on - year , and since then there has been a turning point , and the decline in the first half of last year was a slight decline compared with the same period last year .
on 1 january this year , 70 large and medium - sized cities saw a 6.93 percent rise in housing prices , a drop of 0.2 percentage points from the previous month .
the new housing prices rose by 2.1 percent from the same period last year in dalian , and the new home increased by 10.07 percent in chengdu , an increase of 9.1 percent in the first half of the year .
the cpc central committee organization department has called for further intensifying the supervision of leading cadres and cadres in the work of selecting and appointing cadres .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 16 , the central organization department recently printed and distributed opinions on strengthening the work of cadre supervision .
the opinions demanded that organization departments at all levels should proceed from strict management and care for and care for cadres , and run cadre supervision through the process of cadre training and education , examination and evaluation , and daily management , establish and improve a supervision work mechanism for strengthening prevention and correction in a timely manner , and conscientiously strengthen supervision over leading cadres and the selection and appointment of cadres .
the opinions pointed out : the work of supervising cadres in organizational departments is mainly aimed at supervising leading bodies and leading cadres , and the key is to strengthen supervision over the principal responsible persons of leading bodies ; second , supervision over the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres of the party and government organizations ; and lay stress on supervising and inspecting the implementation of the " regulations on selecting and appointing leading cadres of the party and government . "
in the process of conducting supervision over leading bodies and leading cadres , the opinions have been put forward , and we should unremittingly do a good job in education on ideals and convictions and in the education of combating corruption and promoting clean government ; and should guide and urge leading cadres to strengthen their party spirit and cultivate them , and persist in building a strong ideological and moral defense line that ensures the party that serves the interests of the public and that degeneration is defeatured .
the new appointment of cadres should be given a clear and honest leadership in the aspect of honesty and self - discipline .
we should urge leading bodies at all levels to adhere to democratic centralism , establish and improve rules and procedures for making decisions , and conscientiously implement the system of combining collective leadership with individual division of work .
we should focus on grasping well the supervision of the principal responsible persons of the leading bodies , and organize ( personnel ) departments to regularly discuss with the principal responsible persons of the leading bodies at the next level , understand the situation of their ideological work style , and other aspects .
establish and improve a mechanism for supervising the daily management of leading cadres , regularly conduct regular supervision and analysis of the ideological and work style of leading cadres , and put forward views and measures for solving problems .
the system of admonishing and sending a leading cadre to the meeting and to find out the symptoms of the problem , and timely hold admonitory talks or write to the press .
the masses ' complaints about leading cadres ' outstanding problems should be seriously investigated and thoroughly investigated , and the problems that are really problematic and the situation is being handled by the relevant organizations . the administrative and law - enforcement organs that violate the law and discipline are being transferred to the law - enforcement organs . the investigation is indeed not a problem , and the adoption of appropriate methods to clarify the problems .
at the same time , we should combine strengthening supervision with encouraging cadres to explore and blaze new trails in a pioneering spirit , and pay attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the opinions require that the party organizations ( personnel ) at all levels effectively strengthen supervision and inspection of the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing party and government leading cadres .
further improve the system of recommendation and recommendation of cadres and make decisions on the selection of cadres ; strictly implement the system of selecting and appointing cadres ; and lay a solid foundation for political work to get close to work .
we should strengthen supervision and inspection of the implementation of the regulations on appointing cadres , and strictly investigate and deal with acts that violate the regulations on appointing cadres , and resolutely curb unhealthy trends and corrupt phenomena in employing people .
the system of serious violations of the law and discipline in personnel supervision and inspection has been implemented , and the supervision and investigation work has been intensified .
establish and improve a system for selecting and appointing cadres , and investigate and affix responsibilities in accordance with the principle of uniformity in responsibilities , scientifically define the responsibilities of the principal body in the work of selecting and appointing cadres , and clearly define the ways of investigating and affixing responsibility in a down - to - earth manner .
we should give full play to the role of the masses , establish and improve a system of highly efficient and highly efficient reporting of crimes .
give play to the role of public opinion supervision , and report to the media the relevant situation of the work of selecting and appointing cadres at appropriate times , so as to accept public opinion supervision .
the opinions pointed out : we should further improve the system of coordinating and coordinating cadres ' supervision work .
the organization ( personnel ) departments should strengthen their cooperation with discipline inspection organs , establish a system of organization and coordination with discipline inspection organs in the work of improving the party style and building a clean and honest government for cadres , and strengthen their supervisory efforts .
in conjunction with the discipline inspection organs , they have conscientiously done a good job in inspection work , improved inspection methods , improved inspection inspection system , and improved inspection quality .
together with the auditing organs , they have seriously implemented the economic responsibility auditing system for leading cadres .
improve the system of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres in organizational departments .
hk , taiwan hold talks on taiwan 's ' three links ' beijing , march 28
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 16 ( reporter chen jixing ) - the taiwan authorities ' economic affairs department decided on the 15th to punish taiwan 's yinhua electronic company limited ( lihua electronic company limited ) , one of the two big electronic companies , the taiwan authorities ' economic affairs department decided to impose a total of 5 million new taiwan dollars on the mainland .
taiwan 's chung - kuo shih - pao reported that this was chen shui - bian 's first time in his active management and effective opening up of cross - strait economic and trade policies . after the taiwan authorities imposed the first penalty on taiwan businessmen 's investment in the mainland .
it is reported that the taiwan economic ministry 's missionary meeting called the audience that the joint electric power received a fine because it violated the regulations on cross - strait relations and the regulations on cross - strait investment or technical cooperation in mainland china .
in the future , the online missionary will also be reviewed in the light of the situation . former chairman cao xingcheng and others will be given a fine .
the number of cases in which the power grid was first raised in february 2005 , when taiwan 's prosecutors and prosecutors used more than 100 people to link up the houses and offices of several high - level officials , and the joint electric company alleged that they were suspected of providing funds and human resources to the mainland and the company 's science and technology for investment on the mainland .
he was then chairman of the board of directors of the united nations telecommunications corporation , and subsequently publicly stated that unita did not violate any regulations of the taiwan authorities . the united states and ship - to - ship technology provided assistance for the long - term interests of the united states . if the united states does not enter the mainland market as soon as possible , it will lose business opportunities .
after that , the taiwan authorities exercised control over financial affairs by issuing financial statements in violation of the regulations on disclosure of commercial information . they ordered a total of 3 - million new taiwan dollars in fines from the joint electric company .
in january 9 , 2006 , the iac board of directors received a report from cao xingcheng , and cao xingcheng was suspected of having invested in the mainland in violation of regulations for several hours .
the joint electric company and taiwan 's general electric circuits company ( called the voice station ) have called taiwan 's chien ching - hsiang and duan - hsiung - feng , and are the leading high - tech enterprises on the island .
the taiwan authorities have been carrying out a series of investigations and actions against the united states over the past year , and have received great attention from all circles on the island .
hk , taiwan hold second meeting on hong kong , macao , 21 dec ( xinhua ) -- the second time i am in my heart ,
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 17 , by wire ( reporter li ) the second macao clerical tournament organizing committee announced in beijing on the 17th that it would collect the chinese around the world the clues of macao in my heart as a melodies .
this scanning competition was jointly sponsored by the macao foundation and the department of flower literature publishing house , which is jointly sponsored by the macao foundation and the department of flower literature and art publishing house . chen jiangong , vice chairman of the chinese writers association , and others were appointed director of the appraisal committee .
in 2004 , the return of macao to the motherland was the fifth anniversary of macao 's return .
the executive committee member of the macao foundation , wu zhiliang , said at a news briefing on 17 april : last year , the history city of macao was listed as a world cultural heritage list . this not only means that the macao people have long - standing lifestyle and community management models recognized by the world , but also means that the chinese nation is becoming more and more inclusive and friendly in the macao sar .
mr ng said that it was under such a good cultural environment that the macao foundation and the hundred flowers publishing house " the publication of the foreign edition of the chinese language and literature " decided to cooperate again and hold the second - time macao clerical competition in my heart . he hoped that the participants would display their patriotic love and macao and display the unique cultural and aesthetic cultural characteristics of the sar and peace and prosperity in macao .
it is reported that this competition will be held on 1 september this year , with the " foreign edition of the chinese language and the sea " going on to open a column to select and publish the work .
the results of the selection were revealed , and the number of candidates to be awarded at the macao special administrative region [ sar ] early 2007 will be held .
shandong has successfully implemented a new infant migration surgery in the heart transplant
xinhua news agency , jinan , february 17 , zhang yuqing , shen yao qin , a professor at the institute of cardiology of the jinan military region recently successfully implemented an operation of the cardiac heart transplant of childhood .
on the 17th , the reporter saw a large number of patients in the center of heavy disease control , with the total face of red and red scarce , and all monitoring and inspection indicators normal , smoothly passed the dangerous period , and was playing with the toys he bought by health care personnel .
according to the patient 's briefing , the patient , who was from tai'an rural area in shandong , was sent to the hospital by his parents , and was all green and plain , and breathing difficulties . after checking the diagnosis of oranganosis anxianxianxianxianxiology , he was required to carry out heart transplant .
the heart transplant operation is an extremely difficult and most dangerous part of the heart surgery .
in particular , under the age of 1 , the heart transplant surgery is still in the country .
the jinan military region institute for blood control and blood control organized experts to repeatedly prove that the operation and maintenance plan was carefully designed and carefully designed , and the control measures were carried out on the method of keeping blood pipes in line with the principle and tested animals .
in december 28 , 2005 , at 8:00 am , the surgery officially began .
the cardiac is supplied to a person who was born in the form of pregenitally indecent lung .
the operation should be in line with the requirements of the six - blood - pipe , the seamless of more than 510 needles , and the needle diameter should not exceed 3 millimeters .
the total number of surgeries was completely successful after 295 minutes .
the state administration of supervision and administration of coal mine safety : controlling the frequent occurrence of major and exceptionally large accidents
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 17 , by wire ( reporter zheng ) four successive incidents of the mine accident involving more than 100 people occurred one after another . the grim situation of national production safety in the past year has caused the curbing of coal mines and other major accidents to become the most important task of the national security supervision work this year .
on the 17th , the reporter learned from the state administration of supervision and administration for safe production that the most serious accidents involving coal mines and other coal mines should be effectively checked , and the coal mine is the most important task .
the coal mine safety and the state administration of supervision and inspection will do a good job in the following three things :
the clues continue to play the role of the white house in managing the work .
the work of the gas industry should be done before the extraction is taken .
if gao said that the mine would not be allowed to take part in the extraction , it would be necessary to order it to stop production immediately .
the clues continue to be done in rectifying and closing down the market .
we should regard the public notice of 5243 of these cases , together with the local authorities ' reports of more than 700 coal pits , a coal mine that has been reported to be dead .
we should regard the closure of the closed down as a regular work , and constantly close down those enterprises that do not have safety conditions for undermining resources .
the number of accidents in coal mines increased .
we should immediately rectify the unhealthy tendencies in the management of large state - owned mines , guide the management of small mines , and establish a standardized safety management system .
in particular , we should focus on key state - owned coal mines and allow overtime overtime personnel production .
the security production control index this year demands that all kinds of accidents nationwide be down by 3-3 percent from last year , of which the coal mine has dropped by 3.5 percent .
once the death toll was more than 10 people , the number of accidents should be reduced by 55 percent , among which the coal mine should be reduced by 7percent .
these control indicators have been issued to the people 's governments at various provincial levels , and various localities are now implementing the control measures at various levels .
the total value of the coal mine accidents in china reached 5986 , down 0.79 percent from the same period last year .
however , one time the victims were killed , more than 10 people were on the rise , and 66.6 percent of the victims were killed compared with the same period last year .
us wholesale prices rise sharply in new york , april 27
xinhua news agency , belgrade , february 17 , by wire ( reporter yi he ) , the european commission president barroso announced here today that the european commission ( ec ) will continue to work with the parties concerned to resolve the kosovo issue through negotiations on the future status of kosovo , so as to create a new environment for democracy and the integration of many ethnic groups .
barroso separately met with the provisional governing council president of the council of the provisional authority of kosovo sididididididia and other reporters , and told the media that the parties concerned in kosovo should adopt a tolerant attitude and establish a kosovo where democracy and multiethnic integration are integrated , and that only by respecting the government 's ruling power and protecting the rights and interests of minority nationalities can kosovo be recognized by the international community .
he also stressed that the european commission would do its best to help kosovo develop .
barroso also expressed satisfaction with the progress made by kosovo in implementing the eight - standard reform of the democratic process proposed by the united nations .
he held that these standards are the most important factors affecting the integration of kosovo and europe .
he also called on all the serbian people to join the serbian government in kosovo to make contributions to realizing democracy and the integration of multiple nationalities .
barroso arrived in kosovo on the same day to begin his official visit to the capital of kosovo .
earlier , president barroso visited croatia and cypriot , and he will also visit macedonia and bosnia - herzegovina .
( winter olympics ) xingxing
xinhua news agency , duling , february 17 , by wire news analysis : the incident of sending a jack of vila is likely to end .
xinhua news agency reporter gao peng ding
although italy has repeatedly ordered that the two countries should not be allowed to enter the european union , the european union , and the european union , which are the only countries that have been found to have used stimulants during the winter games , have been seen from various situations .
the winter olympic games in turin opened on 16 april . the first time the protracted scandal , aug - cera was uncovered with the use of banned drug - related cards .
on the next day , the international olympic committee announced that the dispatch of a carovina was one by one , and she was awarded the winter second two women 's individual matches 15 kilometers away from the winter olympic games .
the international winter second time league has won the championship in the form of a team of 16 - year - old players in the two matches .
the chinese government has always been determined to provide the olympic games with a guarantee for the olympic games , the ioc said .
however , according to italian laws , the athletes who carry and use stimulants are considered criminal acts , and the judiciary has the right to directly arrest and investigate the athletes who use stimulants , and those who set an example for the people who are not waiting for a period of three months to three years .
on the international olympic committee and the italian government , after more than a year of hard bargaining , italy finally reached an agreement , and both sides agreed to hold a meeting in accordance with the italian law during the winter olympic games .
after the international olympic committee 's unremitting efforts , the italian side has made positive efforts in the four days before the opening of the winter games , promising that during the winter olympic games , the police will not enter the olympic village to search for the athletes there . however , the pharmaceutical screening is still subject to an investigation by the italian procuratorial organ .
it is reported that the italian government is monitoring the work of the olympic games , including the italian government , petersburg , to the duzuka prosecutor .
however , the ioc and perminsk himself have not yet confirmed the matter .
russian winter player
he was once a member of the world anti - doping agency for many years , and he believed that once the children were sent back to china , this incident would eventually be decided by the end of the matter .
shi kangcheng said : the international olympic committee and the italian government have been playing an important role in the issue of anti - stimulation at the winter olympics . even if the italian procuratorial organ really intervenes in this matter , it is hard to say that .
according to previous italian athletes ' use of stimulant incidents , the italian team has violated the law and the law enforcement agencies ' most serious punishment .
therefore , the italian amtha news agency senior reporter pinalie said that sending leuka into prison was very rare .
pele also said that although the italian court could conduct a trial of absence , the italian police could not go abroad to send leukova to take back and serve the sentence .
if the children were dispatched to refuse to accept the verdict , italy would not take her to the court .
according to comprehensive information , the new epidemic has continued to appear in the world countries in the world to strictly guard against fan
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 18 - ( by staff reporter li ) - the international news agency reported that the avian flu epidemic has spread further on the african continent .
the world health organisation confirmed on the 17th that there were three areas of bird flu in egypt dead from the virus .
in europe , france has also discovered for the first time that five types of bird flu virus , european countries are highly vigilant against it , and have strengthened epidemic prevention measures .
who 's east mediterranean consultant hassan bush said in egypt on 17 april that there are currently more than 1,000 people in cairo , central egypt , and three areas in the south of minia , who is currently studying the death of the h5n1 virus in the middle of the country .
experts point out that egypt is an important country for migratory birds in the middle east and north africa , and the virus is likely to be brought into china by migratory birds .
egypt has announced the ban on imports of live poultry from abroad and strengthened border control measures .
cameroon , capital of cameroon , was killed in the past week .
cameroon has decided to suspend the bird flu epidemic from nigeria , where all poultry and pork are imported from the country , and suspend the import of poultry and related products from the markets along the border between the two countries .
the cameroon government also established a special economic zone covering all of the country within a short period of time , and the country 's bashir center and national veterinary laboratory are also in an emergency state to provide emergency orders for any time to conduct laboratory work on the xiulian iji virus .
in europe , denmark and sweden , the two countries have initially eliminated the epidemic on the 17 th .
sweden 's veterinary institute released a report on the latest findings of the dead geese found on wednesday , indicating that the swans in sweden have no avian influenza virus .
denmark 's national veterinary administration 's preliminary laboratory also showed that the recent discovery of 30 dead swans in denmark had not been infected with avian flu virus .
however , the agricultural department said denmark still cannot take it lightly .
the romanian government has already reported nine bird flu cases this year , and world health organization experts held a meeting in bucharest on the 17 th in the danube delta region , saying that there are avian influenza in almost all parts of the danube delta , and romania may be threatened by avian influenza in the next three years or five years .
in asia , bangladesh has taken all necessary measures to prevent avian influenza .
the government 's domestic livestock service bureau has provided relevant officials with books on avian influenza prevention and also organized poultry farmers to train them .
( press clippings ) china 's first blood information management system in zhejiang
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 18 - according to the blood center of zhejiang province , china has for the first time officially established and put into use the network system for controlling blood data and data .
the blood transfusion center in zhejiang province said that this means that any citizen will be allowed to go to a hospital in any county ( city ) in zhejiang province in the future to participate in donations without compensation , and there will be a single and ultra - b codes . when he makes donations , he will be able to make contributions by sending his relevant blood to the relevant departments in zhejiang .
the responsible person further explained that if the import of relevant codes is approved , the system will show the insolvency of the blood donor for the same period , and the system will not be in line with the current conditions for blood donation .
this way of doing things not only can protect the health of the devotees but also effectively protect the health and safety of the blood users .
in addition , when blood supply is tight , the devotees and their relatives have the right to use blood in a priority manner , and as long as you can apply the effective identification of the donors , you can immediately show the information of the devotees and make it very convenient .
according to the report of the hangzhou " today 's morning post , " the information system has been used to provide blood to all 36 provinces and autonomous regions in the province , and the blood resources of blood supplied by blood from blood suppliers in all provinces have been displayed in real time , thus achieving the province 's data sharing .
to prevent the recurrence of a landslide in the philippines , 11 villages in the philippines immediately withdrew from the area .
xinhua news agency , manila , february 18 , philippine local officials said on the 18th that in order to prevent the recurrence of similar landslides , 11 villages in the eastern philippines were urgently withdrawn from the area .
the president said the government has decided to set up a new office in the country to help the local residents in the city , the southern region of nortel aviv , which is similar to the landslides in the same region on the 17th .
the evacuation of the 11 villages will be settled in seven evacuation centers .
lyrics said : the government yesterday ordered residents to withdraw from the town , and today it sent people to inspect these villages because some people did not want to leave their homes .
on the 17th , the landslides occurred at the southern somalia town of somalia , south of the southern hilly province . viewed from the television screen , soil and rocks have been buried in the entire village , and they can only see several roofs .
because of the thick soil and humidity , the buried underground water was able to survive .
at present , 109 people have died and another 57 have been rescued .
it is estimated that the accident will cause more deaths .
chinese , french nationals residing in south fujian province , april 21
xinhua news agency , fuzhou , february 19 th , by reporter yu guo and zhou city , the city of quanzhou city , continued to maintain a high growth rate in foreign trade and export in january .
according to customs statistics , in january , the total export volume of quanzhou was 330 - million us dollars , the best in history , and the growth rate was 35.2 percent higher than the average growth level of the whole province .
according to the information from the quanzhou city foreign economic and trade bureau , the reason that quanzhou 's foreign trade can grow at a high speed in january is mainly attributable to the effect of various foreign trade support measures in quanzhou , the enterprise 's enthusiasm for export has run high , the quanzhou economy is active , the enterprise 's business confidence has increased , and the highly efficient and unimpeded foreign trade development environment .
