the woman was killed in the accident and the two computer computers were stolen .
london , june 6 ( afp )
london 's daily express said that the two photos of diana princess diana died in paris in 1997 .
the report said that the theft had triggered people 's speculation that the computer might have been concealed by former metropolitan police chief sir steven steinson .
however , a metropolitan police spokeswoman said that the computer was not without any sensitive information .
" we have been a member of the notoria police station in the united kingdom , and his office is located in tai enberg .
the report said that noisia police 's traces in the past 10 days were tracing two theft cases .
the first case occurred between january 28 and 29 .
northwestern police have also said there is no evidence to show that the two theft cases and the sir john st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. stephen 's work .
" we have been looking for the whereabouts of princess william princess , not a direct cause for the car accident .
the royal corpse , robert gregis , was ordered to continue to trace the relevant evidence in 2004 .
diana princess diana was born in a paris tunnel on august 31 , 1997 . at that time , she was killed together with her .
the french police have been investigating the case for two years and believed that the driver was drunk and drove the car to the scene after taking the drug .
sri lanka 's war two parties agree to hold talks in geneva in late june
afp , alpha lumpur , july 7
the home - mediated peace process , norway , said that sri lanka 's war groups agreed to hold talks in geneva on the 22nd of this month to resolve the disputes over racial bloodshed that had been over several decades , but the deadlock of the negotiations has been still in a period of three years .
norwegian peace envoy solheim said in a meeting with the tigers of liberty in frankfurt that the negotiations had been held in the country .
norwegian embassy in beijing said in a statement that the main cause of the conflict in sri lanka was the conflict between the sri lankan government and the tamil tigers in liberia , requesting the norwegian government to assist in holding talks in geneva on february 22 in two days .
the two - day talks will focus on how to strengthen the talks on the cease - fire agreement ( cease - fire ) , which has been effective on 23 february 2002 , and the agreement has not been fully observed by both sides .
the norwegian embassy said that the two sides will discuss ways to improve the implementation of the cease - fire agreement , which is the first time that both sides have held face - to - face talks on such a high level in three years .
somalom said that he will lead norway 's team to participate in the talks , and the tigers of tamil elaam liberation were led by baraken khan , while the sri lankan government was led by health minister .
he said : this is a great road leading to peace . however , it is important to hold talks . the process of negotiations is expected to be difficult .
the resolution of the first round of the conflict in sri lanka was announced in march 2003 in japan , but the tallinn liberation tiger cancelled the original schedule of the predecessor to the 7 th round of talks in thailand .
du lin winter olympics opens north and south korea
italian prime minister rynski said on monday that the two countries are facing a " new " situation .
the 20th winter olympic games opened in dulin today . the olympic games were interrelated with each other during the cold war period . the two sides ' representatives joined hands in the ceremony .
south korean woman crashed in south korea 's fast - track skating , lee pai - la , and north korean man - made skating player han zheng - jen , respectively serving as a flag - raising official of the two countries ' national teams , leading a south korean team to the winter olympic games stadium .
this is the first time that south korea and north korea have won the championship in the winter olympics .
to reflect the latest developments in the two sides ' spirit of unity in recent years , the sydney summer olympics and the 2004 summer olympics in athens , south korea and north korea have both entered the common entrance .
north korea has not taken part in a joint military exercise in salt lake city , the united states .
the korean peninsula was split into a capitalist country , and the south korean and communist north korea , which were practicing capitalism in 1948 . both sides had a mutual hostility during the korean war in 1950-1953 .
the southern part of shancho north korean leader held a summit of peace in 2000 . the relations between the two sides turned good after the summit meeting in 2000 .
according to the tradition , the greek team is the first country to be admitted , and among the 80 countries participating in the competition , south korea is the 22 nd largest country in north korea , which is 23 .
the landlord , mr kwok - lee , is the last country with a final admission , and when the rightist team entered the stadium , the sports ground immediately shook off with enthusiastic applause and applause .
hovan once indulged in drug abuse , and quickly came to realize the cause of the performing arts .
new york , april 16 , 2007
it is generally recognized that it is the most hopeful time to win the oscar award this year , cosponsora , the famous poem of the bleeding of the poem of the man , phumichigan , phuket , and mogamman , revealed that he was unable to take himself in drug and alcohol at at a small year .
hovan said in an interview with cbs news magazine , " i am very proud to be a very popular one . "
at that time , he was only 20 , and just came to the united states from the drama department of new york university , entering the society of the five - colors , and the daily living tall was quickly shifted , and he finally turned to a comeback , stagging , and lost control .
he was 22 years old .
the next month will be held in oscar .
prior to this , he was very excited .
the 38 - year - old actor said during his visit that if he did not pour up before his death , he would be forced to change his bad habit . he might not be nominated by oscars .
he said that he envy those people who were 19 years old , suddenly became famous for many gold .
the four - day bird flu has been spreading in europe .
brussels , march 16 , 2007
the virus has been spreading in europe , causing a panic .
eu executive committee approved a further establishment of a prairie area to control the area of the virus countries , and to prohibit all birds from transporting their birds and birds .
the african country has been in a state of the world 's largest number of h5n1 virus after the discovery of the deadly strain of the virus eight days ago .
egyptian officials are investigating a dead chicken farm in southern egypt .
the european chicken market has been affected by the virus , and the decline has been a big margin . the eu executive committee stressed that there is no reason to be panic .
the executive committee is responsible for the health and food safety executive committee , mr diego , said that the public is concerned about this matter , but there is no need to react too far .
the provisions of the virus found three kilometers of the surrounding three - km protection area and 10 km of warning zone , and the eu executive committee again issued new regulations to completely list the virus - found european areas as a prone area .
a us official , who declined to be named , pointed out that everyone was nervous and they went to the night to deal with the spread of the disease from various places in europe .
the european region has so far received a total of 180 people from the german princess , the romanian republic , the republic of mikhail , and the territory of russia in europe .
romania found the 31 st case on the 16 th , and the likud of austria , austria , and germany 's rugenen island also found new examples .
the southern part of italy was in two yaya ducks , and the first case was the first wild swans in europe , with the perennial virus .
eu officials are most worried about the upcoming entry of the world 's first bird flu virus from africa .
the government of nigeria is strengthening its work to prevent the virus spread in the african continent from spreading to mankind .
the government of the country announced that all poultry farms in the vicinity of the infected farms had been closed for five kilometers , no matter whether they were threatened by the virus , all of them were destroyed .
the japanese government announced that the whole country had entered a state of alert and allocated 4 million us dollars for emergency plans to monitor the border between nigeria and nigeria .
the newly established national emergency committee said that they received notification that they had made a series of important arrangements in the maryal coral on the border of alert and sagacity between the two countries .
the business management of the electronic banking industry of china will be put into effect on 1 march .
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a special administrative region ( sar ) to monitor the implementation of the electronic banking business management measures ( electronic banking ) and the " guidelines on the security assessment of the electronic banking industry " issued by the bank of china ( cbrc ) on march 1 , 2006 .
the bank of china spokesman said that the state council has set up a system for the approval of foreign - funded financial institutions , which is the approval of foreign banks to operate on - line banking business , and if the new online banking business is to be added , the bank 's main report in china should be reported to the bank for unified examination .
in order to standardize the commercial banks ' use of the internet to conduct banking business , the people 's bank of china formulated and promulgated the " interim procedures on managing banking business on the internet " in june 2001 .
the bank of china will continue to expand its business in the following areas : the reform of the banking system , the reform of the banking system , and the reform of the banking regulatory system , the spokesman said .
according to a spokesman of the bank of china securities regulatory commission , the bank of china has confirmed the quality of its security evaluation organs , which is different from the administrative licensing of the industry access or enterprise access qualifications , and is not the necessary condition for assessing the institution to conduct the electronic banking safety assessment business .
as long as the safety assessment institution meets the relevant requirements and requirements , even if it fails to obtain the qualifications of the cbrc , financial institutions can also engage the corporation to conduct an electronic banking safety assessment , but they should be managed according to the relevant regulations .
the electronic banking business management procedures have been published in nine chapters and 99 , which are divided into four categories : application for clogical control of risks , exchange of data for testing and diverting management of external affairs , management of cross - border business activities , management of legal responsibility and supplementary articles , etc.
the " electronic banking security assessment guidelines " , with a total of five chapters , is divided into five categories : the implementation of safety assessment activities for headquarters for assessment of institutional safety , and the surcharge of the implementation of safety assessment activities .
the " selected works of mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , and deng xiaoping " on investigation and study
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the central literature publishing house , compiled by the central party literature research center , published a book entitled " mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , and chen yun on investigation and study " , which was recently published and distributed by the central party literature publishing house .
we should conduct investigation and study in depth , uphold the integration of theory with practice , and draw up and implement the correct line , principles , and policies . this is the basic experience and basic work method of the cpc in leading revolution and reform .
mao zedong 's works on zhou enlai and liu shaoqi , chu shaoqi , chu shaoqi , deng xiaoping , chen yun , and other revolutionaries of the older generation made many important and brilliant expositions on the issue of investigation and research . they also frequently go down to the grass - roots levels to conduct social surveys and write many investigation reports .
they have conducted investigations and studies and have played a positive role in guiding the party and the people 's cause to develop along the correct road .
the " selected works of mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , and deng xiaoping " was divided into three parts : the first part was the comments of mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation on investigation and study , and the second part was mao zedong 's and other revolutionaries on investigation and study . the third part was the three investigation and study groups , which were initiated by mao zedong in the early 1960 's and the late 19th
the survey report was the first public publication .
in addition , two articles on the development of the 1950 s and 1960 s were also included .
russia reiterates adherence to the one - china principle
moscow , february 6 ( xinhua ) russian deputy foreign minister alexander alexander alexeyev reiterated on the 6th that russia adheres to the one - china stance .
alexeyev said that the russian side noted that chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence were made in a wild sense .
the russian government has consistently adhered to the one - china principle and firmly supported china 's efforts to realize the great cause of national reunification .
last year , the chinese npc adopted the " anti - secession law " and russia took the lead in openly expressing support .
alexeyev said that the russian foreign ministry will issue a statement as soon as possible , reiterating the one - china stand , and opposing taiwan independence .
china 's top legislator meets us guest
xinhua news agency , johannesburg , february 6 ( reporter chen ming ) - chinese nationals of fuqing nationality in fujian province lin yixing , were arrested in his bars on the morning of the 5th local time in south africa after robberies by local militants . on the morning of the 6th , they died of treatment at the burundan hospital in the south african judicial capital of burundi .
according to the liberal state chinese association president feng yang , the incident occurred in burundi 's northwestern region of more than 130 kilometers north of the country .
the shop owner , lam yixing , was picking up the items inside the station and preparing to end the day 's business .
at this time , three customers in the shop , one of them was pulled out of the pistol and rushed into the station to carry out robberies .
more than 40 years old lin yixing and the gang members fought against the criminals , and the gang fired a shot at lin yixing , but fled .
the four - day local people who were then to be informed sent lin yixing to the hospital for treatment . because lin yixing was full of thick hair of blood seepage , blood spongification was not stopped , and the body was about 3 : 30 am on 6 february .
on 6 february , chinese consulate general in jordan xu defu , wu dawei , and other officials of the chinese people 's association for fujian and fujian province , who drove to burundi , helped the family of the deceased to deal with the aftermath .
mr lam was the first member of the culprit who was shot dead by the culprits within 36 hours and was also the first chinese woman killed in south africa since the beginning of this year .
( press clippings ) shanghai : part - time staff and college graduates become the main force of hour work
beijing , february 7 ( xinhua ) the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau issued a report on the latest annual wage price for work in 2006 , with the posts in some 120 posts , 11 more than the previous increase , and four posts , including the original cry of the cry of the crop .
according to the statistics released by the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau , the average employment of hours in shanghai has exceeded 1 million people .
according to the zhongguo qingnian bao , college graduates and part - time staff are the main component of the workforce of the hour .
through the study of nearly 8,000 hours of work , over half of the personnel were part - time workers , and the percentage was 51.1 percent .
the number of part - time workers is generally higher , mainly engaged in work with relatively strong technical skills , such as translation , part - time staff , as high as 81.7 % , and fitness is 61.6 % .
high income is the highest level of income for many people who work in the same job .
it is understood that the monthly income of individual jobs can reach tens of thousands of yuan , and it is also difficult to seek , just like a voice transcript , and the monthly income of hours of hours of jobs can reach more than 2,000 yuan , such as part - time financial affairs , marcouch ?? ito , etc.
to satisfy the individual 's desire to expand his knowledge , he also worked in the same job as a person who was also a favorite .
for instance , a certain enterprise is a manager of the department of human resources , and he will take a few hours to handle a person 's financial account of a foreign business representative office .
mr koo said that the biggest benefits of the part - time job were to make his knowledge constantly updated and to have the opportunity to involve another area , of course , the income of $ 2,000 per month also had some attraction .
as some hours of employment threshold is low , the work style is flexible and free , and many graduates who are seeking employment are gradually favored , and 144 % of the hours of work are graduates of tertiary and secondary schools in nearly three years .
i was very unhappy at the beginning , but i did a few months later . i felt that it was better than the 5 th day of the democratic people 's republic of korea [ dprk ] .
the college student , xiao huang , was found to have been incomplete after graduation . finally , he was hung up at a guesthouse . he played a background music with a piano .
the present work i am very satisfied . one hour , 100 yuan , the environment is good , and i am going to do a lot of work now .
it is understood that the hours of work has become a number of graduates who are seeking jobs to accumulate experience in training their work skills , enhance communication skills , and enhance their social records .
the time for graduates to work for the graduates is mainly concentrated on knowledge and technical skills , such as professional , highly professional translation , and time - oriented .
the number of hours of jobs is not high , such as food promoters ' liquid caimers ' caimers , etc. , and the unemployed are able to take up employment through simple training .
the data show that the average income of the hours employed people was 39,000 , of which the retail unemployment rate was higher than 68.44 percent . the number of people in the catering industry was 58.77 percent , and the number of people working for the unemployed was an important channel for employment .
in his inspection tour of anhui
beijing , february 8 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to hold a meeting of the standing committee of the political bureau of the cpc central committee and the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) standing committee , wu bangguo , chairman of the standing committee of the cpc central committee , stressed during his recent inspection of anhui : we should uphold the scientific development concept as the guide for economic and social development , conscientiously implement the central principles and policies in light of local realities , further emancipate our work
from 6 to 8 february , wu bangguo successively visited the wuwei village in maryon shan , wuqinsi , and other places to go deep into the agricultural research institute and the colleges and universities in shankang village .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui is a province with a strong natural gas field in the southern part of the chengchi - kaixi region . it is an important agricultural region in china with rich natural resources , a relatively good industrial base , a strong scientific and educational force , a strong natural resource in the country 's culture , tourism , and development potential .
anhui should firmly grasp the key to promoting the rise of central china , always uphold the central task of economic construction , and earnestly implement the central authorities ' principles and policies in close connection with the reality of anhui , creatively carry out work , implement the scientific development concept in concrete measures , and implement it in practical work .
we should promptly sum up practical experience , fully rely on the masses , vigorously support reform and innovation , and constantly open up a new situation in anhui 's work .
we should actively promote the building of a harmonious society , and persist in doing a good job in safeguarding the fundamental interests of the overwhelming majority of the people as the starting point and the end - result of all our work , actively create conditions , and gradually resolve the actual problems of the poor masses . we should gradually readjust distribution relations , gradually narrow the gap between urban and rural areas , safeguard social justice , and enable all the people to share the fruits of reform and development .
wu bangguo stressed : china has reached a stage of relying more on its own innovation capability and improving the quality of laborers to promote economic and social development . only by vigorously promoting scientific and technological progress and innovation can we achieve a leap in the quality of productive forces and truly bring economic and social development onto the track of scientific development .
we should establish and improve a system and mechanism that are conducive to innovation as soon as possible , increase investment in science and technology , encourage patents to invent and develop brand - name products , speed up the conversion of scientific and technological achievements into real productive forces , strengthen the dominant position of enterprises in independent innovation , and constantly raise the contribution rate of scientific and technological progress to economic growth .
we should support and encourage technological elements to participate in distribution , and establish and improve statistical indicators system that embody the ability to make innovations on our own . we should study and formulate policies that support independent innovation in financial and taxation affairs and government procurement , and form a policy system for encouraging independent innovation .
we should cultivate innovative awareness in the whole society , vigorously advocate the spirit of daring to blaze new trails and compete , and strive to create a good atmosphere for talent coming forth in large numbers .
wu bangguo pointed out : the npc has made important contributions to the process of administering the country according to law and building a socialist country ruled by law .
doing a good job in the work of the people 's congress under the new situation , first , we should uphold the correct political direction , unswervingly follow the path of socialist political development with chinese characteristics , and organically integrate upholding the party 's leadership , being the masters of the country , and governing the country according to law .
second , closely centering on the overall situation of the work of the party and the state , closely centering on major issues in reform , development , and stability , we should carry out work closely around hot and difficult issues that are of general concern to the masses of the people , and constantly enhance the practical results of the work of the people 's congress .
third , we should give play to the characteristics and advantages of the work of the npc , uphold democratic centralism , handle affairs strictly according to procedures , and make collective decisions .
we should persist in following the mass line , taking people as the foundation , exercising power for the people , being emotional to the people , and working for the people .
china proposes to develop a major scientific research plan for the next 15 years
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to increase its international competitiveness by vigorously promoting sustainable development and achieving a major leap forward in the development of science and technology in the country , according to the " outline of the state plan for medium and long - term scientific and technological development ( 2006 - 2020 ) " issued by the state council on february 9 .
the four major scientific plans are the core of the research of protein curiosis , the research of nanogramy and the research on breast and reproductive .
the outline pointed out that protein science is the most important source of life science in the modern intense contention of developed countries .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on studying the transfers of major biosystems , the study of the bio - hyogical research of the pie - cert system , the mogenic microorganisms , and the interesting effect of the microphysical - related biomass biology and the methods of the research on protein - protein - protein - related studies and related application basic research .
the outline also holds that the research on the control and control of the quantum is a significant forward - looking one , and it is possible that it will have an inestimable impact on the social and economic development of mankind after 2030 .
china should focus on research on the carrier and regulation of quantum telecommunications , and calculate the volume of the equipment of the restricted small - sized microeconomic system , and the application of new principles and new technological basis for measuring the control and control of the quantum system .
in addition , the program pointed out that nanotechnology has become a strategic choice for many countries to enhance their core competitiveness and is also one of the areas that china is expected to achieve leap - forward development .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on research in this field , including the sustainable control of nanotechnology , the integration of the arsenal and functions , the incubation of microelectronics corn , the naomitary proprietary orthophysical curve and measurement , and the energy resources of nanogram and naimi technology , etc. , and so on .
china 's population growth is large , and there are many shortcomings in birth , and there is a serious shortage of transplant organs . the aging of the aging population is approaching . therefore , it is urgent to make breakthroughs in the development of scientific theories and technological innovation .
in accordance with the program , the chinese government will focus on research on the growth of cells , integration of cells , regulation and control , maturity and profitability of the reproductive cells , the weakness of the human reproductive function and the reproductive capacity mechanism , and the safety and ethics of the auxiliary reproductive and stem cells technology .
last year , the real estate price increase in shanghai dropped by nearly 7 percentage points .
shanghai , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to increase the housing sector 's macro - control policy in 2005 , said the official , adding that the government will achieve a significant improvement in the economy .
according to the latest statistics , last year , the housing industry in shanghai recorded a fairly significant drop or a slight increase in all the indicators .
within this total , the price of residential housing dropped by 6.6 percentage points compared with the previous year , while the added value of real estate industry decreased by 4.1 % compared with the previous year .
the shanghai municipal bureau of statistics , pan jianxin , director of the shanghai municipal bureau of statistics , said at a press conference that the average sales price of residential residential units in shanghai in 2005 was 6698 yuan / square meters , up 313 yuan over 2004 .
the total sales price of residential units in the whole year rose 9.2 percent over the previous year , a 6.6 percentage point drop compared with the previous year .
the total added value of the real estate sector was 670.23 billion yuan , down 4.1 percent from the previous year .
in the financial institutions ' loan balance , the outstanding loans for personal housing mortgage loans amounted to $ 264.494 - billion , up only $ 0.94 - billion , but the new loans for 2004 reached $ 72.89 - billion .
pan jianxin said : from the year - on - year sales price of shanghai real estate , the sales price of commercial houses was steady .
the statistics also show that according to the latest data , in 2005 , the real estate price increase in shanghai dropped somewhat , and the average sales price of residential housing was 66698 yuan / square meters , up 313 yuan from 2004 .
the year 2005 will be a year - on - year increase of 9.7 percent over the previous year , with an increase of 6.2 percentage points compared with the previous year .
according to his briefing , last year , the whole city of shanghai completed the construction of a total investment value of 124.686 - billion yuan , an increase of 6.1 percent over the previous year .
the sales area was 31.5877 million square meters , down 9.5 percent .
the annual sales volume of commercial housing was 21.1613 - billion yuan , down 4.5 percent from the previous year .
two light aircraft crashed in new zealand
xinhua news agency , wellington , february 9 , two new zealand light aircraft crashed near a 100 - kilometer - long - range north of wellington , the capital of new zealand , the capital of new zealand , on the 9th , killing two students at the aviation school .
according to local civil aviation authorities , the two planes were on board the plane , and both were the pilots of the marshland university 's flight academy . they were still undergoing training and have not yet obtained a flight license .
the two planes were flying in the non - air control area and were flying in the same area according to regulations . the pilots should deal with the navigation and security situation of the aircraft during flight in such a region .
a woman was injured in the accident .
another eyewitness also confirmed that the us plane had heard the huge explosion and the us side was seen seeing the damaged parts of the plane .
the plane 's collision is not yet clear , and the local civil aviation departments will conduct an investigation on this .
china 's top legislator meets with argentine president
xinhua news agency , buenos aires , february 8 ( reporter cao yu ) the chinese national association for friendship and cooperation ( cpccc ) , which is established by overseas chinese and chinese nationals residing in argentina , issued a solemn statement on the 8th , strongly condemning chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on independence in argentina , and opposed any attempt to separate taiwan from china .
the statement said that chen shui - bian issued a statement on 29 january , claiming that he would abolish the national unification council and the national unification guidelines , which made a big step forward toward the independence of taiwan .
compatriots on both sides of the strait have shown their hopes for peace and the desire of the taiwan compatriots for peace and development will face severe challenges .
the statement pointed out : resolutely opposing and containing the separatist activities of taiwan independence , and safeguarding peace and stability in the taiwan strait region is still the most urgent task for compatriots on both sides of the strait and the chinese society around the world .
the statement stressed that the argentine china council for promoting peaceful reunification is willing to join all the overseas chinese and chinese in argentina who are in china for upholding the one - china principle , resolutely oppose the common aspiration of taiwan independence in any form , and actively promote china 's peaceful reunification .
chinese expert : us preaching china 's military threat is groundless
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to hold a meeting with the us defense secretary , the us defense department , in beijing , on the first time , to officially submit the " four - year defense assessment report " to congress a few days ago .
experts believe that this is a serious test of china 's normal national defense construction , and it is a great embarrassment of china 's internal affairs .
the " four - year defense review report " is a new national defense guidelines document of the pentagon .
the report , which is a long - term 92 page , expounds on the issue of china 's military strength and the countermeasures that the united states should take , on 15 occasions , directly mention the two important issues of china 's innermost and china 's glossary , saying that as a major and emerging power , china has the greatest military potential to compete with the united states . if the united states does not contain any countermeasures , china will very likely break its traditional military superiority and thus break
the world military science research institute of the chinese academy of military sciences , yao yunzhu , said : although senior us officials have repeatedly expressed similar views , this is the first time the united states has made known its position on the united states in its defense strategy report , and it is the emerging power that may pose military challenges to the united states .
the first report clearly says that russia 's nuclear weapons program is a new strategic opponent , especially the so - called china military threat theory .
the chinese academy of military sciences ( cass ) has a long history of development .
it is worth noting that in the " four - year defense review report , " the us government and the us government have also submitted a budget report to congress for the fiscal year 2007 , of which the national defense budget is $ 43.93 - billion .
if you add to the fact that you have been engaged in military operations in iraq and afghanistan , the us defense budget for 2007 will exceed $ 500 - billion .
peng guangqian said : the united states fabricated the fallacies of the united states of other countries , reflecting the consistent style of the pentagon creating enemies in the united states . its real purpose is to strive for more national defense expenses and to gain more profits for the us large arms industrial group .
experts said that the huge military spending of the united states is a rather limited proportion of china 's national defense spending .
he has been involved in the military expert deng hongzhou , who has been writing the chinese national defense white paper on many occasions , said : along with economic development in the 1990s , china 's national defense spending has increased somewhat , but the proportion of the national financial expenditure for the same period has been on the whole declining trend .
official statistics show that in 2004 , the figure was higher than in 1979 , china 's national defense spending accounted for nearly 10 percentage points of the national financial expenditure for the same period .
in 2005 , china 's national defense spending was $ 244.656 - billion yuan , only equivalent to one - 14 of the us military expenditure , and the per capita military spending of the people was only about one - tenth of the us military spending , and the per capita military spending of the servicemen was approximately 1 / 30 of the us military spending .
the us territory and china 's territory are mainly large . the military spending is not so big . in the end , who is the military power that has gone beyond the legitimate defense needs . this is self - evident .
peng guangqian said :
china 's association for arms control and disarmament research director teng jianqun said : the united states should objectively evaluate china 's military construction situation . china 's peaceful development does not mean that china and the united states will become opponents militarily in the future .
the " 2004 china national defense white paper " says : china firmly pursues the path of peaceful development and practices a defensive national defense policy .
china 's past and present did not have any doubt on any country .
so far , china has not established diplomatic military bases in any other country , nor has it sent out a military pawn to other countries , while more than 100 us military bases overseas have been established in asia alone .
professor zhang xueqin of the international relations institute of beijing university said : china and the united states should increase communication and exchanges through the established channels , increase mutual understanding and trust , and comprehensively promote the constructive and cooperative relations between china and the united states in the new century to jointly promote world peace and development .
( winter olympics ) turin winter olympics opening ceremony to be held
xinhua news agency , dulin , february 9 ( reporter ding ying and tao yan tao ) the opening ceremony of the 20 th winter olympics will be held at the turin olympic sports stadium on the evening of the 10 th .
on 9 july , the winter olympics organizing committee of the capital city of turin revealed to reporters the brilliant arrangements for the opening ceremony .
as for the opening ceremony , the chairman of the organizing committee , karasai , expressed his confidence at a press conference that the opening ceremony would cost 10 million euros and gather top leaders from all sectors of italy .
he said : the night of 10 april will be unforgettable . the 350,000 people and about 202 - billion television viewers in the world will see a spectacle of success .
the fierce flames of the red were filled with a five - ring peace - - - the white doves and the white snow and milk cows of the alps . the director said that the loud voice was strong in italy and the elegant talents of italy would become the theme of the opening ceremony .
the famous italian designer , ammar , made a special design for the opening ceremony . the famous italian fashion brand , mosto , will provide a gift to the athletes ' attendance .
however , the famous italian bodyguard pavarotti will stand up at the opening ceremony , and the organizing committee will keep this suspense in the end .
eight people who were able to make a flame of the flames will use three - plus - a - long flame to show the fervor of the fire . they will use 70 kilometers of speed to shuttle the ball on the ground .
officials from the organizing committee said that this was the most satisfying creation in their opening ceremony .
on how to ignite the main torch , the organizing committee did not reveal the details ahead of schedule , but the main torch relay , which is as high as 57 meters , will be illuminated and residents in the nearby alps .
us white house announces bush 's plan to visit pakistan and india in march
washington , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to hold a second meeting on the " human rights record " in the united states , a white house spokesman said here today
mcclellan said that bush is looking forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he also said that he was making preparations for this visit .
mcclellan made the above remarks at a press conference held in some areas of pakistan to protest against the terrorist attacks against islamic militants who knew mohammed .
in january this year , bush met pakistani prime minister aziz at the white house , during which both sides expressed their desire to strengthen friendly cooperation to jointly crack down on terrorism that jeopardize the security of the two countries .
bush also said that at the invitation of the pakistani and indian governments , he will pay a state visit to pakistan and india in march .
china 's top legislature to form cabinet
xinhua news agency , ramallah , february 9 ( international observation ) hamas has decided to form a cabinet to break through
xinhua news agency reporter wang hao and huang hao huang
the palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) won the election of the legislative council , and how to draw up a blueprint for the new government has become the focus of international attention .
hamas will pursue what new policy will directly affect the peace process the next step of the policy direction of the parties concerned .
at the same time , the boycott attitude of the united states and israel has added variables to the prospects of the hamas government .
at present , all the parties in palestine are intensifying consultations to discuss the issue of forming a cabinet that involves the difficulties and sensitive points of future development .
the chinese premier 's position has become a hot topic of discussion .
hamas won the right to form a cabinet , some people in the outside world are worried that hamas 's prime minister would probably have differences with the current top leader abbas .
moreover , the visiting egyptian president abdul - rahman al-assad stressed that the new palestinian government , which is formed by hamas , will not recognize israel , and this tough signal has also aggravated the international concern .
the united states and israel have explicitly expressed that they will not accept a hamas government that has the power to grasp , and threatened to suspend economic aid to palestine and transfer tax to palestine .
however , this does not obstruct hamas from making flexible strategic adjustments , electing independent people to be a policy .
it is reported that in order to obtain the maximum international recognition , the hamas , which is gathering in egypt , recently decided to select independent muslim school chairman jahyar alabar , to become the new prime minister .
this move has not been taken up by the relevant parties .
palestinian analysts said that the palestinian government has no choice but to take over the post of prime minister , and the most crucial thing is to weaken hamas 's strong sense of power , and that only by so doing will it be possible to ensure its success .
the chinese government has always attached importance to the issue of how to distribute power .
in terms of internal affairs , the most serious challenge facing hamas in forming a cabinet is that it lacks sufficient experience in governance .
the palestinian newspaper " ydays " analyzes that hamas has been concentrating on social welfare projects , but it has been lacking experience in governing and has close ties with the palestinian national liberation movement ( fatah ) , which has the experience of ruling .
hamas has proposed a " peace agreement " with fatah after the election , and has jointly established a national coalition government . however , fatah has not given a positive response to this .
fatah 's internal problems are now on the rise .
the informed source pointed out that under abbas 's advice , fatah gradually leaned toward the new government .
even though hamas and fatah have also reached a consensus on the distribution of cabinet posts ,
in addition , the other way is to establish a framework of the legislative affairs commission , which is beyond the jurisdiction of the ruling party .
it is reported that hamas has also designed a clean expert - type government , but the specific list is unknown .
in view of the attitude of the united states and israel , the technical expert - type government is also not out of the form of forming a cabinet to reduce external pressure .
according to the provisions of the basic law of palestine , the new legislative council will nominate the prime minister and form a cabinet on 16 june . the work of nominating the prime minister and forming the cabinet will be completed within three weeks .
the chinese armed forces should follow the path of what course to follow .
the weapons in hamas are the main tasks facing the establishment of a new government .
the united states and israel have adopted a very tough attitude and resolutely demanded that hamas give up violence and reject its armed participation in politics .
hamas leader mahathir emphasized on 9 july that armed resistance is the strategic choice of the organization .
the armed forces issue actually includes the legality of weapons and the ownership of armed forces .
hamas has been trying to win the election of the first major party in the legislative council through democracy and freedom , and this has made the armed factions of hamas , which are subordinate to it , to the same extent , to the government 's security organs .
hamas once proposed that armed forces be reunified into palestinian national authority the people 's army must have a broad response , but it was also attacked by the palestinian islamic jihad organization ( islamic jihad ) .
palestine now has over 600,000 security personnel , and the overwhelming majority of them are from the fatah camp .
in addition , fatah also has some of the affiliated militants , such as the armenian martyrs ' palaque , the qatar 's eagle , etc.
the us government has decided to hold a meeting with abbas on how to manage the armed forces of all these states and to rationally distribute the security management powers .
according to local media , abbas intends to be in charge of security and intelligence units , police , civil defense , and other agencies , and the interior ministry of the new government is under the control of the ministry of internal affairs .
however , all parties are still holding consultations on this sensitive issue , and so far there is no subtle statement .
china 's first announcement on the polar region
beijing , february 10 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a national maritime safety supervision and management center for the 2005 annual china polar exploration report , which is the first time in china to conduct an ultra - polar scientific inspection activity in more than 20 years , said a senior chinese official here today .
the " report " comprehensively reflects the characteristics of the scientific research activities in china 's polar region in 2005 .
according to the " report , " on 9 january 2005 , at 22:15 ( beijing time ) , the chinese antarctic expedition team successfully landed on the antarctic icecap coast with the highest altitude of iceberg in the south pole . at 0315 hours on 18 january ( beijing time ) , it determined the height of the chicago 's top position as 4,093 meters .
the competition is becoming increasingly fierce in the international polar world , and the chinese people 's strong will and dauntless spirit are bold in opening up new areas , and they first conduct a research on the highest concentration of the iceberg in the south and successfully achieved the goal of another dream of mankind in the antarctic .
the director of the state oceanic administration , sun zhihui , said :
the " report " shows that on 24 march 2005 , china 's 21 st antarctic expedition team returned to shanghai successfully . the survey lasted 151 days , with a voyage of 26,500 nautical miles .
in the same year , the 22 nd antarctic expedition team of china left shanghai for the central mountain station to conduct scientific research and examination activities and will hold a scientific examination in the central mountain station before the end of february 2006 .
because it was the first time that china issued the report on the polar region , the " report on china 's polar exploration in 2005 " also set out the requirements for china 's polar exploration undertakings , which started in the 1980 's .
according to the " report , " in 1983 , china formally joined the " treaty of the antarctic treaty " and became a member of the ngc treaty . it successively became a director - general of the ngapoi science research committee , the nantarctic bureau , and other most influential international organization for antarctic affairs .
in 1997 , china became the member of the arctic science committee and won the support of the international community in the affairs of the arctic .
the " report " points out : over the past 20 years , china 's polar field has been completely out of its guard , developed constantly , and made up of its initial scale . it has formed a three - dimensional satellite anchorage system , namely , the nanji long urban station established in february 1985 , the nanji zhongshan station established in february 1989 , the beipolar station established in july 2004 , and the northern pole station in the southern part of the huang he in
the report statistics show that by the end of 2005 , china had organized 22 antarctic expeditions in the south china extreme , two of which were carried by the zolong zongzong sailboat , to conduct a survey of the bipolar region on its docking station . more than 3,000 people in the country have gone to inspect the site in the south of the country .
at present , we are making efforts to establish the third antarctic observation station , and is also china 's first inland observation station for the antarctic inland .
sun zhihui said :
after more than 20 years of hard work , china 's polar exploration cause has been successfully completed in the world 's polar exploration , but it is still far from being compared with other major polar countries .
he said .
sun zhihui revealed that china will publish a book on polar exploration every year .
china 's top legislator meets with president
xinhua news agency , havana , february 10 ( reporter : zhou ) cuban state council president castro met with visiting chinese state councilor chen zhili on the 10th , and both sides expressed their willingness to constantly strengthen mutually beneficial cooperation in education , science , technology , and other fields .
president castro warmly welcomed president chen to visit cuba .
he said : cuba - china relations are very friendly and the exchange of high - level visits between the two countries has been frequent . it has effectively promoted and strengthened the friendship and mutual understanding between the two countries . he hoped that the two countries will continue to deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in all fields , including education and science and technology .
chen zhili said : cuba is a big country in latin america and the caribbean region .
china and cuba have maintained friendly exchanges .
cuba is the first country to establish diplomatic relations with new china .
in the new century , with the concern and promotion of leaders of the two countries , mutual political trust between the two countries has been deepened day by day , the areas of cooperation have been expanded constantly , mutual support and cooperation in international affairs , and the friendly relations between china and cuba have entered a new stage of all - round development .
she believed that with the joint efforts of both sides , sino - cuban friendly cooperation will certainly score still greater successes .
chen zhili also pointed out that the chinese government has consistently attached importance to exchanges and cooperation with cuba in the field of education .
in recent years , the two countries have increasingly close educational exchanges and frequent personnel exchanges .
china actively supports the cuban side 's international conference , and also sent its delegations to attend the world higher education conference and the 2005 anti - illiteracy conference .
cuba 's basic education level is very high , and hopes to further strengthen relevant experience exchange in the future .
chen zhili said : china and cuba have identical or similar views on scientific and technological research and development . through cooperation in various fields , they can achieve mutual benefit and win - win results .
the chinese side has helped cuba in its scientific research and equipment , hoping that it will play a positive role in cuba 's scientific research and production .
she also briefed castro on china 's strategy of rejuvenating the country through science and education and the national science and technology conference .
chen zhili arrived in cuba on 5 december at the invitation of the cuban government . he began his visit to cuba .
during this period , chen zhili met with cuban higher education minister victor weixiuo and inspected havana university 's research institute of information science .
the construction of the project is a serious problem .
harbin , february 11 ( xinhua ) the chinese government and people have been working closely with the government to improve the safety of the people 's livelihood , said the official , adding that the government has been taking measures to ensure the safety of the people .
according to the information released by the police of the shuangcheng city public security bureau , at about 23:00 on 10 april , a three - vehicle collision occurred at the 58 - kilometer - kilometer - long section of the beijing - kazakhstan highway . a car truck was bumped together with a tanker , and a oil tank crashed . the cracks of the oil tank cracks were leaked , and the wasted oil in the vehicle flow on the road .
it is understood that the tanker was carrying a large quantity of waste oil , which was carried in the coke .
the number of people who were killed by the industrial waste was very high , and at the same time , they were afraid of the danger of fires caused by past vehicles , and the departments concerned closed the roads on the scene .
harbin 's direction in the double - city section of roads has been closed , and many vehicles have bypassed .
at present , relevant departments are screening the scene , and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
hk 's trade deficit to reach $ 2 billion
hong kong , february 11 ( xinhua ) the hong kong and huangpu limited announced on the 11th that the three - star subsidiary of the lucky telecommunications company , the lucky beauty company of the lisbon telecommunications company , will be put on the market .
and huang huaing , general manager of the huang group , said that although there have been a listing of all the regulatory agencies concerned in italy , the stock subscription procedures must be completed within the next few weeks .
at the same time , the current situation in the european telecommunications market is weak , and the market may not be able to give a suitable public valuation of the three italian companies .
in view of the fact that the shareholders have the greatest interests , the decision to postpone their listing is made .
as for when to issue another stocks , mr fok said that it would depend on the future development of the european telecommunications market .
he believed that from now on to the other side of the stock market , there is a need for an extensive educational campaign to promote investors in italy so as to have a clearer understanding of the current strong performance and good prospects of italy 's telecommunications investment market .
according to another media report , the three italian player , one of the world 's co - ordinators , goldman sachs , agreed to use 420 million euros to hold 103 % of italian shares in the private matching sales form , and the transaction is expected to be completed by the end of march this year .
china 's top legislator meets myanmar guests
xinhua news agency , yangon , february 12 ( reporter zhang yunfei ) chinese ambassador to myanmar kazuo torashima and economic and business counsellors tang haihai were interviewed by this reporter on the eve of myanmar prime minister wen jiabao 's visit to china , saying that the economic and trade relations between china and myanmar are now in a good situation of enriching pluralism and mutually beneficial cooperation .
the ambassador said that in recent years , the friendly relations of cooperation between china and myanmar , which were established on the basis of the five principles of peaceful coexistence , have been consolidated and developed , exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been expanding and deepening , and economic and trade relations between the two countries have been constantly expanded and strengthened .
tang haizan said : the high - level exchanges between the two countries have maintained mutual visits , which have effectively promoted the development of economic and trade cooperation between the two countries .
the two countries ' high - level exchange visits in 2004 , the two sides signed 33 documents on economic and trade cooperation , most of which are being implemented and implemented .
he said : in 2004 , the us $ 11.4 - billion in 2004 , $ 12.09 - billion in 2005 , of which china 's exports were $ 9.35 - billion , and imports were $ 274 - billion .
last year , in bilateral trade , china 's yunnan and myanmar trade ( including border trade ) amounted to $ 630 - million , up 14.6 percent over the previous year .
tang haihai said : myanmar has become a major base for chinese enterprises to carry out contracting engineering business . china 's main projects in myanmar include the hydroelectric power plant , the ruins , and the factory of candy factory ( such as the candy factory , the mike of the wet factory ) .
chinese enterprises launched projects in myanmar to promote the development of various kinds of complete sets of electrical and mechanical products in china , and myanmar has become the important market for china 's complete sets of equipment and mechanical and electrical products .
according to statistics of the chinese customs , in the past five or six years , the export of mechanical and electrical products has accounted for about 45.5 percent of china 's total exports to myanmar .
tang jiaxuan also said : myanmar has rich resources , and chinese companies have begun investing in myanmar 's oil - producing cobrick mining and other resource development projects .
he expressed the hope that chinese enterprises will have a long - term vision , learn to avoid risks , and make careful decisions , and establish a good image of enterprises , so that they will ensure the quality of their projects and ensure that they are completed on schedule and win glory for the country .
the ambassador and the director of the tang haizan said that the upcoming visit to china by premier somsavon is an important event in bilateral relations this year , which will play a positive role in enhancing political mutual trust , promoting bilateral cooperation , and promoting the further development of the good - neighborly and friendly relations between china and myanmar .
it is expected that the two sides will sign several documents on economic and trade cooperation during the visit .
world bank to reduce poverty
moscow , february 11 ( xinhua ) world bank president wolfowitz said in moscow on the 11th that the world bank would completely dismiss the debts of the poorest countries before the middle of this year .
wolfowitz held talks with visiting russian foreign minister taro aso in moscow on the same day .
after the meeting , he said in a statement that the world bank will implement its debt relief program before 1 july , and that the world bank is completing all technical work .
last year , the world bank donated money to the country completely relied on the debts owed by 28 countries and said that it would fill the funds for the trust fund .
the imf 's creditor 's rights are relatively small , and the organization has started to reduce its debts by the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz expressed his gratitude to russia for its decision to exempt 16 african countries from their debts .
the high - tech digital television has gradually become the mainstream in the united states .
new york , february 12 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to increase its military strength by 2020 , with the high resolution tvb ( cereal ) , the us television media agency ( ctc ) has also stepped up its efforts to introduce the corresponding high - tech television programs .
the newly - decked american prowess , the american olive soccer team has become the main player in the us broadcasting industry to greet the television high - tech era .
according to the financial times , the us congress recently passed a bill , stipulating that the us broadcasting industry must submit a bill on the complete halt of the existing simulated television signals on 17 february 2009 , and only the digital signals can be broadcast .
this means that the us tv program 's complete digitization has already been clearly defined .
the high resolution rate of popularization of digital television on one hand depends on consumers to buy tv sets , on the other hand , on the basis of the production agencies providing high - resolution digital programs .
although digital television has been used repeatedly in the past few years , it has never become a reality .
this question has taken a favorable turn this year .
according to the data of the american consumer electronics association , the number of tvs in the united states this year will exceed the traditional tvs for the first time , and 85.5 % of the tvs are high - resolution products .
japanese researchers developed new highly efficient and highly effective human kidneys
tokyo , february 13 ( xinhua ) the japanese east china sea university researchers have developed a biofuel to develop a bio - organisms , which is not only in line with human kidneys , but also has the function of retaining material elements , and is also in the process of transplanting small and easy transplant .
according to the nihon keizai shimbun , the newly developed bio - man kidneys are mainly composed of two parts , and some of them are transmitted from blood to filter trash and steroids of traces , and some are from the original elements of former vice - admiral yao hydrochopper and amino acid to re back blood from their blood , such as intoxic acid acid acid .
the person who made a kidney and a pair of mystery of the chinese sky was made by the silk line , and the person in the heart of the mystery of the mystery of the human urine with the functions of xie depots was also covered .
this type of skin cells can make blood transgenic analysis the cause of the disease that has been caused by blood penetration , and the mystery of the material segment is diagnostic acid and blood re - blood , and at the same time , it can also make the glass fluid that is essential to the body reblood .
the past artificial kidney depended on the difference of seepage and harassment , and the waste could not be completely removed , and it did not have the necessary conditions to return to the functions of inmentation and other elements to the blood .
researchers took advantage of the goat to conduct a research on the transplant of biofuels , the middle - air walls of the walls of the chinese - air walls , which are the human - made kidney .
two weeks later , researchers confirmed that the human - made kidney had already been able to perform its functions .
at present , they are developing and using the bio - human kidneys for human kidneys and will start clinical research after testing their safety .
china 's power industry still faces severe challenges
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the state power regulatory commission ( sgpc ) said on tuesday that the power industry will maintain a stable overall situation in 2005 , but its production safety is still facing severe challenges .
the state power regulatory commission vice chairman shi yubo said at a national teleconference on safe production held here that the state power industry will be able to achieve a steady and satisfactory completion of the year - end task of electricity supply to the peak and the summer peak , and to actively deal with the intrusion of natural disasters , and to ensure the safe and steady operation of power production equipment and general electric power supply equipment .
however , he pointed out that with the changes in the supply and demand of electricity and the large number of newly built generating units into operation , power production will face new challenges .
these challenges include the phonicom and the lack of clarity of cells , the problem of power supply and demand in some areas is still tight , and the problem of power supply is still relatively serious due to the lack of a mechanism for power and coal prices , and the problem of power and coal quality has not been effectively controlled , which will have a serious impact on the steady operation of power generating units , some of the weak structures of power grids , and equipment that cause serious
shi yubo said : with the deepening of the reform of the power system , many deep - seated contradictions will be continually exposed . how to maintain the stability of the ranks of workers and ensure a normal production order will become a new problem facing us .
in view of the situation of power production safety in 2006 , shi yubo said : we should further consolidate the foundation of power production safety management , and speed up the establishment and improvement of the mechanism for emergency management of electricity safety , improve the ability to deal with sudden incidents , strengthen coordination and cooperation between power plants and networks , and continue to do a good job in supervising and managing the safety of the hydropower stations and the informatization of power stations , ensure the safety of the power stations , and
it is reported that in light of the new situation in power safety management , the state power regulatory commission will conduct a comprehensive examination of the " interim regulations on investigating accidents in power production " promulgated this year . meanwhile , the state council will also promulgate a complete set of supporting documents on the safety of the power station 's dam and the second system for safety protection of the power system .
in 2005 , the total consumption of electricity in china 's society reached 24.689 billion kilowatt hours , up 13.45 percent over the same period last year .
in the face of the situation of power supply and demand , the conspicuous problems of coal , electricity , oil , and transportation have been conspicuous . all power enterprises have taken effective measures to strengthen equipment management . there was no major accident in power production throughout the country last year .
the power grid accident has been 74 times , a decrease of 127 times over the same period of last year , and the number of accidents in equipment has been 427 , a drop of 132 .
the south african government in china indicated that south africa does not have any secret organization that makes a crime against chinese citizens .
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to hold a press conference here today to discuss the issue of the " peace and stability " in the south african country , said a senior official of the south african embassy in china , in a press interview with xinhua on the 13th .
he also said that the south african government would do its utmost to crack down on all forms of criminal activities .
the two sides also exchanged views on the issue of the " peace mission 2007 " and other issues of common concern .
since 2006 , the number of people in china has increased by a large margin .
the chinese foreign ministry has made representations to south africa on this and reminded chinese citizens in south africa to further enhance their awareness of security and prevention , and the overseas chinese compatriots to strengthen unity and friendship and cooperate with the police in cracking down on criminal activities .
let us send a letter to the families of the victims , the most sincere sympathy and sorrow .
the chinese government has always attached great importance to this , and asked the chinese people to believe that the south african government is seriously investigating every case involving china .
according to the chinese embassy in south africa , the south african police have successfully cracked the case of a chinese fujian woman chen jianqing in south africa on 5 february , and a suspect has been arrested .
the police are now hunting another suspect .
according to another report , the south african embassy in china disclosed that the criminal suspect suspected of shooting and killing hong kong businessmen was arrested by the south african police and the property of the victims was recovered .
on the chinese citizens ' killing , he said that the chinese government has always attached importance to the incident and has made a positive contribution to the trade between the two countries and to other areas .
according to the tourism commissioner of south africa , the embassy has been in the first 15 days of this year alone to pay more than 2,000 chinese visas to visit south africa .
according to the official statistics of china , south africa will continue to maintain its position as china 's largest trade partner in africa in 2005 .
the volume of bilateral trade reached $ 727 million , up 23.0 percent over the same period last year .
however , a tourist source said that the series of major incidents of chinese citizens ' assassination in 2004 had a significant impact on the number of chinese tourists to south africa .
according to the south african tourism bureau 's statistics , the number of chinese tourists going to south africa in the first half of 2005 was 2031 , down by 14.93 percent over the same period last year .
the current number of chinese people living in south africa is around 200,000 , and the towns in south africa are all located .
analysts here believe that the gap between the rich and the poor in south africa is wide , the unemployment rate is high , and the guns are overly unchecked , and there is no capital punishment deterrent .
because many chinese do not understand english , they have cash in their hands and their homes , and they are more likely to become targets of criminal elements ' pursuit of wealth .
hk 's trade deficit to be promoted in english
hong kong , february 13 ( xinhua ) the hong kong special administrative region government launched a new programme on the 13th in the workplace english campaign to raise the english standards of more people .
this , which is a good english language , a rich life , and a wonderful life , is a major theme of the campaign , including a series of promotional activities to promote learning and training in english and to enhance employers ' understanding of how to help employees improve english standards .
up to now , the scheme has provided some 25,000 people with training in english and has achieved the relevant work objectives of the hong kong workplace english benchmark .
hong kong 's workplace english campaign is part of the government 's 2000 programme .
the " english language campaign " of the workplace is one of the key projects to provide funding for workplace english training .
the scheme aims to help those who need to apply english in their work , through participating in training and participating in the designated international commercial english language examination , achieve the standard of workplace english required for their respective jobs .
the number of hiv infections in the country
xinhua news agency , shijiazhuang , february 14 ( reporter dong zhiyong ) the hebei provincial health department recently formulated and distributed the " hebei province 's plan for implementing voluntary consultation and inspection of aids prevention and treatment work " ( trial implementation ) , which clearly stipulated the principle of providing free and self - protection for aids detecting aids patients and patients to the maximum , and further implemented preventive measures and a policy of keeping a clean hand in prevention .
the " plan " clearly states the basic standards of the hebei province 's voluntary consultation and inspection work on aids prevention : aids prevention and consultation is free of charge , and aids antibody testing and consultation voluntary and information concurrence , aids antibody testing and consultation , and consultation on keeping information confidential , and does not assess the relevant acts of the advisory , while hiv carriers and aids patients ' legal rights and interests are protected , providing corresponding follow - up services to them .
the " plan " requires that the hiv / aids consulting and testing point be located at a convenient place for the consular . in order to protect the selfish interests of the consular , we should have a single - to - one room to conduct a one - to - one consultation .
the number of the consulates should be taken into full consideration the personal quality of the individual , the knowledge of knowledge , and the ability to exchange .
to protect the privacy of the consular , the inspection leaflet can be used to register the code or number .
the " program " also requires that the health administration departments at and above the county level make public the names of the major local media for medical and health care institutions and consulting telephone numbers for providing free aids prevention services , so as to facilitate the masses to understand the relevant information .
the ministry of public security still has a focus on extorting confessions by torture .
beijing , february 14 ( xinhua ) the ministry of public security , the deputy director of the police inspector bureau of the ministry of public security , zheng bayang , said here today that the alleged inappropriate method of using irrigation is absolutely not allowed to make criminal suspects plead guilty to china .
the work of the inspectors departments is also focused on preventing the occurrence of these problems .
he also pointed out that some international organizations have expressed their understanding of the law enforcement situation of the chinese police .
the ministry of public security 's latest information on 14 february shows that the ministry of public security has successively issued " measures for putting in place detention measures for public security organs " in 2004 . the " provisions on continuing interrogations by public security organs " has better guaranteed the right - level public security organs ' measures for applying the right of interrogation according to law .
since 1997 , in order to profoundly promote the three aspects of harassment ( namely , straightening out the rule of law , and curbing the abuse of firearms and shots , and abusing compulsory measures ) , the police force of the national police organs has persisted in going deep into the criminal police force , the patriarch police force , and the law enforcement unit of the law on the law enforcement of the law on the safety of citizens , and the inspection of the police officers
in order to prevent law enforcement from the source , police inspectors further extend the anti - law enforcement inspection tentacles and increase the monitoring of the application of subpoenaed envelopes 110 .
hk 's trade minister meets taiwan guests
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the following is a statement issued by the taiwan affairs office of the state council on tuesday : the taiwan issue has been resolved by the taiwan authorities because of the acute infections of infections and the blood shock of the heart failure .
sun yun - suan was born on 11 november 1913 , a native of penglai , shandong , and a teacher at harbin industrial university .
it is the first time that the kmt members from the 10 th to the 13 th cpc central committee , the 11 th central standing committee member , and the 15 th central committee meeting committee presidium chairman and the 15 th central committee evaluation committee members were elected .
he was a member of the communications minister of taiwan authorities , who was a member of the executive yuan of the executive yuan of the ministry of communications .
heilongjiang promotes water pollution in songhua river
harbin , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a water conservancy project in the songhua river to repair the water level of the songhua river and the melting of the ice layer of the ice layer , and heilongjiang province will actively promote the implementation of the projects to assess the ecological environment of the songhua river .
the reporter learned from the heilongjiang environmental protection bureau that the state environmental protection administration has organized a leading group of experts on the songhua river major pollution incidents to assess the ecological environment and countermeasures .
at present , there are a total of 10 scientific research institutes in heilongjiang province , with a total of over 60 people taking on 14 technical research tasks .
according to briefings , environmental protection departments and related scientific research institutes will provide guidance on five special topics for the emergency environmental assessment and countermeasures research topics , striving to solve the environmental problems that the masses are eager to pay attention to .
these include mainly controlling the severity of pollutants and the prediction of pollution from the total outflow of pollutants on the safety of songhua river aquatic products .
heilongjiang province 's environmental protection departments will also step up environmental monitoring of the songhua river coastal areas , seriously investigate and deal with environmental pollution caused by illegal pollution discharge and illegal construction .
heilongjiang will send environmental law enforcement personnel to urge people in various places to conduct comprehensive improvement of the environment of small river basins and improve the water supply of arch rivers , such as longkang river , and wanghe .
beijing university opens cinema to mourn wang
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to hold a joint anti - dumping exercise in beijing on the eve of the 100 th anniversary of the founding of the beijing university , said wang xuan , a member of the chinese academy of sciences ( cas ) , at 09:00 on the morning of the 15th .
at about 8 am , the opening hours of the hall were not yet available , and several dozen people outside the gate were standing up .
the reporter saw the grand occasion of the centennial of beijing university . the square was hung on the wall of the hall . the dark streamers were hanging : mourning for wang xuan , a silent mourning of wang xianzhi .
the horizontal picture is a dozen or so square meters of wang xuan 's legacy . he wore a glasses , glossed in his face , and was full of confucian ambitions .
the two sides of the legendary beauty were placed on several trees , several dozen walls were placed on the side of the walls .
one of the salient stories in the circle was : the myriad of the wrestling of qin sheng 's foundation in tang shangrao , and the parent of the lead , to see the eye of the modern times .
the mourning hall was low , and the atmosphere was heavy .
the crowd of mourning included beijing university leaders and teachers , academician wang xuan , a friend of academician wang xuan , a friend of wang xuan , and many other people who have long been intimate with him .
some of them held high the flowers with their hands , some of them raised the flower basket , and each of them was wearing small white flowers in their chest , slowly moving to the front of the hero of wang xuan , and bent on their sad .
many people could not help but feel tearful .
he was once director of the state cultural relics bureau . he was a senior alumni of beijing university . he told this reporter that he was still working in henan province more than 10 years ago . he asked professor wang xuan to give a report on scientific and technological innovation to cadres of the provincial party committee .
wang xianying , a native of yan , was a classical example for us to learn . he was a model for us . he made a major contribution to the state and society , and the people would never forget him .
the beijing university law school , professor jin ruilin , is a native of beijing university , and is a veteran friend of wang xuan , who has been a 40 - year old old friend .
a few days ago , he was just discharged , and today he insisted on having a farewell to old friends .
mr jin said in his letter
he told the reporter that professor wang 's life was very frugal , and that when he was in the garden of tong , he was already a professor and has already achieved very high achievements , but he was still living a very small flat for many years .
later he moved to the zepan garden , and in the place of 70 to 80 square meters , he lived in the same place for more than 10 years .
beijing university has given him a big gift to the academician building in the blue flag camp , a big house with more than 140 square meters , he does not need to have a high - level housing provided by the fangjiuzheng building .
mr kim said with deep emotion that wang chose to visit the country and offered a very high treatment abroad . however , he insisted on giving him a discretion .
after he started to do so , he insisted on not applying for academician . after being mobilized many times , he went to fill out his name .
mr jin said with deep feelings that mr wang chose to be a member of the commission on youth and said that he had emphasized many times that now that i still have achievements , not to see me , but to rely on fostering young people .
mr jin said : the 50 - year - old wang chose to pay attention to cultivating young people . he always emphasized that we should pave the way , and should be willing to serve as a human staircase , giving young people a way to make things .
this is a very good thing for a very successful scientist .
the reporter learned from the beijing university information center that starting at 9 : 00 a. m . on 15 february , the reporter saw a number of people from the academicians ' church in beijing who were to be sent to the public from 9 : 00 am to noon on 19 february .
the " three - dimensional " national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] , known as the famous ancient chinese ancient silk , academician of the third institute of world sciences , wang xuan , a professor at beijing university , died of illness at 11:30 on 13 february in beijing and was 70 years old .
chinese vice - premier meets chilean parliament delegation
wu bangguo , who is attending the signing ceremony and signing the agreement
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the national people 's congress ( npc ) standing committee chairman wu bangguo attended a welcoming banquet hosted by the chinese national people 's congress ( npc ) and the chilean parliament here on the afternoon of the 15 th , and signed the agreement in the text .
the npc and the chilean parliament exchange mechanism have been established .
it is reported that chilean parliament speaker luis roamo and chamber of deputies speaker asseo held a meeting in santiago , the capital of chile , a few days ago .
according to the agreement , the two sides will , in accordance with the principles laid down in the sino - chilean joint communique on the establishment of diplomatic relations , establish a political dialogue relationship between the two countries ' npc and the chilean parliament . the two sides will set up a dialogue committee , which will hold a regular meeting between the two countries to jointly promote the comprehensive development of bilateral relations .
chilean ambassador to china kaleila kaleila attended the signing ceremony .
china to introduce information network protection regulations
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to launch a large - scale reportage of newspapers and magazines , according to the latest statistics released by the state administration of radio affairs ( cbs ) on the internet .
wang ziqiang said : according to the existing laws , newspapers and periodicals have already published works . as long as the author does not make a statement that can not be used for the purpose of the matter , newspapers and periodicals can be used without the consent of the author . meanwhile , the writer must pay for the remuneration . in accordance with the law , the state copyright bureau has specifically formulated the standard for the transfer of newspapers and periodicals to
however , according to the existing laws , newspapers and periodicals enjoy the right to report these kinds of legal permits . at present , the internet does not enjoy such a right to legally permit .
in accordance with the relevant judicial interpretations made by the supreme people 's court , the method of using newspapers and periodicals to carry legal permits can apply to the internet , which is a short article published by newspapers and periodicals on the internet . the author did not make any statement about the usage of small paper . the internet can not be used without authorization . meanwhile , the payment of remuneration should be paid .
however , the judicial interpretation has not stipulated the remuneration standards , so in reality the use of these works is not paid .
the ministry of information industry ( commerce and industry ) has issued a circular on the use of these short - range works that have already been published on the internet .
wang ziqiang said : is it a law ?
us oil prices drop in georgia
moscow , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to hold a joint military exercise with the russian armed forces to promote the development of the two countries ' armed forces , a press official of the russian ministry of national defense said here thursday .
the russian state duma ( lower house ) and the commonwealth of independent states ( commonwealth of independent states ) chairman koryn said in a statement on the russian peacekeeping force resolution that georgia 's resolution would undermine the stability of the situation in the region and would have a negative impact on russian - russian relations .
he stressed : the g - 8 resolution has made russia - georgia relations further deteriorate .
he believed that georgia 's accusation of russia was absurd .
georgia 's parliament passed a resolution on the same day , urging russian peacekeeping forces to stop their peacekeeping operations in the southern ossetia , but did not confirm the specific time for russian peacekeeping forces to withdraw .
the georgian parliament accused russian peacekeeping personnel of not performing their obligations and also listed russia 's actions in the conflict region as a gesture of trying to swallow up the territory of georgia .
the georgian parliament urged the government to take positive action to consider the possibility of entering the international peacekeeping force in the conflict area of the southern cyclus to replace russia 's peacekeeping operations in the region .
the georgian parliament also instructed the government to amend the decision on the relevant agreement on russian peacekeeping personnel entering the conflict area .
the south ossetia is a autonomous state in georgia , and is connected with the republic of the northern ossetia republic of russia .
the disintegration of the former soviet union , it declared independence on its own and was in a state of confrontation with the central government in georgia for a long time .
at present , russia 's military bases in the region have a peacekeeping camp of 500 people .
the unit was established in accordance with the plan of the osce in georgia in 1992 , the four - party agreement signed by the russian side in the southern part of georgia .
liaoyuan hospital fire four people responsible for major fires
xinhua news agency , changchun , february 16 th , by reporter liquan zhou
on 15 december 2005 , the largest explosion occurred in the hospital of qaihou hospital in liaoyuan city , resulting in the deaths of 39 people .
in this fire , the number of people who were too much fire was more than 5,000 square meters .
it is understood that this is the first time that the medical and health system has undergone the largest fire in the country since the founding of new china .
according to investigations , at 1630 on the day of the incident , the liaoyuan city hospital suddenly stopped its power . according to the hospital 's circuit design , if electricity is shut down , the electric gateway will automatically jump to the deputy gate and continue to maintain normal power supply at the hospital , but the electric gates did not automatically jump off the gate . zhang diankun , the head of the electric works squad , forced the fire , to the
the number of smoky underground cables , more than 10 electric cables , and some other unscrupulous cables were all covered together , and such cables should be placed in a very comprehensive manner and fire - prevention levels should be set up .
therefore , the 57 - year - old liaoyuan textile company 's electrical installation team leader zhao yongchun of the liaoyuan electrical company retired cadre ( senior engineer ) sun fenglin , retired worker of the liaoyuan city hospital , returned to the company after retirement from the staff member jin chengtai , who was suspected of having committed major responsibility .
china 's rural tourism industry to grow in first tour of guizhou
xinhua news agency , guiyang , february 16 th , by reporter xinrong shi shi shi and on the morning of the 16th , the children of tianlong village , pingtan county , guizhou province , wore the joy of the festival .
at about 10 : 30 in the morning , after the five - year praying activity ended , the 80 - year - old old old zhai zhai , who is wearing a green shirt , sounded the first kick of the first tour of china 's rural areas to guizhou .
tin lung tsuen is a village in guizhou 's rural tourism development and a national tourist demonstration point .
as a member of the ming dynasty 's hongwu age , prairie in tuen mun has more than 600 years of history .
here , it can be seen everywhere wearing a broad - hearted blue long - gram , ancient han nationality culture and costumes in tuen mun town .
it is understood that the tianlong village relied on this cultural tradition advantage to develop rural cultural tourism from 2002 . in 2005 , only 380,000 yuan will be needed for admission tickets , and more than 47,000 peasant households will sell their travel goods through cinquabetics , etc. , and the per capita income of peasants has increased from over 1,300 yuan in 2002 to 264 yuan in 2005 .
the provincial tourism bureau , yang shengming , said : after the tianlong meizhou road , the first - class tourist attraction in tianlong , is a new experience in new rural areas . the new situation is still a mystery . various rural tourism activities launched in guizhou this year will reach 35 .
so far , more than 130 villages and towns have been launched in guizhou .
in january , 70 urban housing prices rose 5.55 percent in shanghai housing prices
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to increase its investment in the country 's housing sector by 5.5 percent in january , a rise of 0.7 percentage points over the previous month , the official said here today .
the shanghai housing price continued to decline .
the state development and reform commission , the national bureau of statistics , released on 16 january , showed that most of the 70 large and medium - sized cities were sold in a small margin in january this year , with the hhot and haoji rising by over 10 percent , while the sales prices of shanghai 's housing continued to drop by 0.44 percent compared with the same period last year .
the same standard statistics show that in the first quarter of last year , the sales prices of shanghai 's housing also rose by 19.1 percent over the same period of last year . after that , a downturn occurred . in the second half of last year , a slight decline was seen in the same period last year .
in january this year , 70 large and medium - sized cities were selling new houses , up 6.9 percent year on year , and the increase was 0.2 percentage points lower than the previous month .
new houses for housing will increase by 23.1 percent in the first half of this year , including 18.99 percent in dalian , and haoji 14.7 percent in shenzhen , 10.07 percent in shenzhen , 9.1 percent in chengdu , 8.4 percent in beijing , and 3.1 percent in shanghai .
the central organization department urged further efforts to strengthen supervision over leading cadres and cadres ' selection and appointment work .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the organization department of the cpc central committee recently printed and distributed opinions on strengthening cadre supervision .
the opinions urged organization departments at all levels to proceed from the high plane of strictly managing and showing concern for and loving cadres , permeate the work of cadre training and education examination , and establish and improve various links of day - to - day management , establish and improve a mechanism for supervising work in a timely manner to strengthen the work of preventing corruption and correcting mistakes , and effectively strengthen supervision over the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres and cadres .
the opinions pointed out : the main task of organization departments in supervising cadres is to conduct supervision over leading bodies and leading cadres , with the focus on strengthening supervision over principal responsible persons of leading bodies , and second , supervision over the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres of party and government organizations , and focus on the implementation of the " regulations on the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres of party and government organizations . "
in the course of conducting supervision over leading bodies and leading cadres , the opinions proposed that we should persistently conduct education on ideals , faith , and the education on fighting corruption and promoting clean government , and should permeate education in the training , selection , and management of cadres ; we should guide and supervise leading cadres to strengthen the cultivation of party spirit , and uphold the ideological and moral line of defense of building a party that serves the interests of the public and building a strong ideological and moral defense line against
the newly promoted cadres should be promoted to leading positions in the areas of honesty and self - discipline .
we should urge leading bodies at all levels to uphold democratic centralism , establish and improve rules and procedures for making policy decisions , and seriously implement a system of combining collective leadership with individual division of work .
we should highlight and do a good job in supervising the principal responsible persons of leading bodies , organizing the responsible persons of departments ( personnel affairs ) to talk with the principal responsible persons of the leading bodies at the next level , and understand the situation of their ideological and ideological work and work style .
establish and improve the system of day - to - day management and supervision for leading cadres , and conduct regular and thorough investigation of the ideological and work style of the leading cadres contingent , and put forward opinions and measures for solving problems .
the system of leading cadres ' admonitory talks and letter - writing system should be implemented . problems of symptoms should be discovered , and a system for admonitory talks or letters should be promptly carried out .
we should strengthen supervision over leading cadres who have been reported by the masses , and we should do a good job in investigating and understanding them . we should give criticisms and education or corresponding organization and handling of them , and should transfer them to law enforcement organs that have violated discipline and law , which constitute no problems , and should take appropriate measures to clarify those problems that have been investigated .
at the same time , we should integrate strengthening supervision with encouraging cadres to explore new ways and new ways of blazing new trails , and pay attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the opinions demand that all levels of organization ( personnel ) departments should conscientiously strengthen supervision over the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres of party and government organizations .
we should further improve the system of selecting cadres for examination and approval , and should supervise the work of selecting and appointing cadres in a strict manner , so as to ensure that the work is carried out in a solid manner in order to keep the political situation close to the work and the work style of the masses uncredible .
we should strengthen supervision over the implementation of the regulations on appointing cadres , seriously investigate and deal with acts that violate the regulations on appointing cadres , and resolutely curb unhealthy practices and corrupt phenomena in employing people .
the system of handling serious cases of using people for personal reasons and violating laws and regulations should be implemented .
establish and improve a mechanism for investigating and affixing responsibility for the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres ; and scientifically define the principal responsibility for all links of the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres in accordance with the principle of being consistent with responsibilities in power and responsibility .
we should give full play to the role of the masses in supervising the work and establish a mechanism for making sure that the work is safe and effective .
give play to the role of public opinion supervision , and report to the media the relevant situation in the work of selecting and appointing cadres in good time , and accept supervision by public opinion .
the opinions said : we should further improve the coordination and cooperation mechanism for cadre supervision .
organizing ( personnel ) departments to strengthen cooperation with discipline inspection organs , establish a mechanism for discipline inspection organs to conduct supervision and inspection of the situation of party style and clean government in the cadres concerned , and strengthen the supervision force .
and in conjunction with discipline inspection organs to conscientiously do a good job in inspection work , improve inspection methods , improve the inspection inspection system , and improve the quality of inspection inspections .
and in conjunction with auditing organs , they have conscientiously implemented the system of auditing leading cadres ' economic responsibility .
we should improve the work of internal supervision over the work of selecting and appointing cadres in organization departments .
hk 's trade deficit to taiwan , hk , macao , taiwan
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has adopted a series of measures to deal with the taiwan issue , said chen jianqi , director of economic affairs of the taiwan authorities , on the 15 th , to punish the three - million new taiwan dollar ( lucrative ) , a senior economic affairs department of the taiwan authorities , on the grounds that they have been trying to help the eradication of the mainland 's maiden and ship technology company , in violation of regulations .
taiwan 's " china times " reported that this was chen shui - bian 's remarks on actively managing things and opening up the economy and trade policy between the two sides of the strait . after the taiwan authorities mete out punishment to taiwan businessmen investing in the mainland ,
it is reported that the taiwanese economy ministry 's bachelor of the examination club said that the united microelectronics company was fined for violating the regulations on relations between people on both sides of the strait and for possessing the rules of investment in the mainland region or technical cooperation permits .
in the future , the curtain will be placed on the lianhe group company , former chairman of the joint telecommunications company , and others .
the company 's cable electric case started in february 2005 .
the united microelectronics company , which was then chairman of the board of directors of the board of directors , publicly declared that unicom did not violate any regulations of the taiwan authorities . the united telecommunications company provided assistance to and ship technology for the long - term interests of united telecommunications . if it did not get into the mainland market as soon as possible , it would lose its business opportunities .
later , the taiwan authorities ' supervisory committee for financial affairs broke the relevant regulations on commercial information disclosure .
on 9 january 2006 , the board of directors of the united microelectronics company accepted the resignation of cao xingcheng and cao xingcheng , who was formally charged with suspected involvement in unauthorized investment in the mainland .
the united microelectronics company ( taiwan ) and taiwan 's chip circuit company ( short ) have been proprietary about the crystal beauty of the crystal beam in taiwan .
the taiwan authorities have been trying to link up with the united microelectronics group in the past year , and this has been a great deal of attention from all circles in taiwan .
hk 's trade deficit to reach record high
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has made great efforts to promote the development of the chinese women 's culture and sports in the world , said a chinese official here thursday .
this piece of essay competition was jointly sponsored by the macao foundation and the hundred - flowers publishing houses , the " distributed and seafood edition " , and the chinese writers association vice chairman chen jiangong and other directors of the evaluation committee .
in 2004 , the return of macao to the motherland was the fifth anniversary of the return of macao to the motherland . the first grand slam of the chinese martial arts competition was held in macao . literature lovers at home and abroad responded positively . the organizing committee received more than 8,000 entries , and more than 10 award winners from both domestic and overseas were invited to the macao sar to receive awards .
the executive member of the macao foundation , wu zhiliang , said at a press conference on 17 july that last year , the longest in the history of macao was listed in the world heritage list . this not only indicates that the living style of the macao people over a long period of time and the community management pattern is affirmative , but also implies that the chinese nation is a man of different love for each other in the macao sar , and that the macao government decided to hold a world
wu zhiliang said : it is precisely under this good cultural atmosphere that the macao foundation and the hundred - flowers publishing house " distribute the chinese culture and sea edition " decided to cooperate again and held the second grand pronouncement competition in macao , which is in my heart . he hoped that the participants would show their love for macao through their works and display macao 's unique humanistic style and a stable and peaceful style of the special administrative region and the image of a new macao culture that
according to the briefing , the competition was concluded on 1 september , and the " foreign edition of the rifle " will open up a column to select the entries .
the results of the selection will be announced in early 2007 in the macao sar .
shandong successfully implemented a new case of child care transplant
xinhua news agency , jinan , february 17 ( reporter : zhang yucun and shen guiyao ) the jinan military region 's diagnostic disease institute recently successfully implemented a patient heart transplant surgery .
the reporter met with a staff member of the medical and health care center on the 17th , and the baby , who was a native of the hospital , was full of red face for 51 days after the operation , all the monitoring and inspection indicators were normal , and the dangerous period was over .
according to the medical experts who took the same day , the doctor , who came from taan village in shandong province , was sent to the hospital by his parents , and was in a poor breath , and was diagnosed with a diagnostic inoculia , he was required to be heart transplant .
the heart transplant is the most difficult part of the heart surgical operation .
in particular , the number of baby - infant heart transplant surgeries under one year is still empty at home .
the jinan military region 's cardiovascular disease research institute organized experts to repeatedly verify the operation and the subsequent monitoring plan , and conducted a self - innovation in the blood vessel management method , and conducted experiments on animal diseases .
on 28 december , 2005 , at 8:00 , the operation began .
the heart for the heart was taken from a former patient who was suffering from the disease and caused a breathing spell .
the operation should be in line with six blood vessels , and more than 510 needles should be combined with each needle of the needle .
the 295 minutes later , the operation was completely successful .
the state administration of safety and public order , the state administration of supervision and administration of supervision ,
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has taken measures to deal with the " falungong " incident in which more than 100 people were killed in four mining accidents , causing the erosion of coal mines and other serious accidents in the past year , a top priority of the country 's safety supervision work this year .
the reporter learned from the state administration of production safety on 17 april that to truly curb the serious accidents of coal mines and other major accidents , coal mines are the most important among all .
this year , the coal mine safety bureau will do a good job in the following three things :
the ministry of public security said that the chinese government has always attached importance to the development of the friendly relations between the two countries .
the wasas will be the first to take out the prowess this year .
if kalino did not have a single - handedly - and - out effort , then he would order him to stop production immediately .
the ministry of public security has continued to fight a tough battle to rectify and close down the enterprises .
we should regard the problems of the 5243 units that have already been publicly announced to the public , and the more than 700 coal mine pits recently reported by various localities , one of them , who has died in the mine .
we should regard closing down and closing down as a regular work and constantly close down those enterprises that have damaged resources and caused pollution in the environment that do not have safety conditions .
the ministry of coal industry and commerce said that the coal mine safety management system has been strengthened .
we should immediately correct the practice of curbing the small number of large state - owned mines , and set up standardized safety management systems for small mines that are in chaos in management .
in particular , we should grasp key state - owned coal mines , and absolutely not allow supernumerary power to produce supernumerable personnel .
this year , the production safety control targets have been set for the whole country , and the number of deaths in all types of accidents has dropped by 33.0 percent compared with last year , of which the coal mines have decreased by 3.5 percent .
one time , more than 10 people were killed , and several major accidents were reported to have been reduced by 55.0 percent , of which 79.4 percent were coal mine accidents .
these control indicators have been assigned to the people 's governments at various provincial levels , and various localities are now gradually moving toward the grass - roots level and enterprises .
statistics show that the total number of coal mine accidents in 2005 was 5986 , down by 0.777 % compared with the same period last year .
however , the 10 people who died one time and more than 10 people were on the rise , and the number of victims was 66.6 percent higher than the corresponding period of last year .
us president says it is necessary to take measures to resolve kosovo 's future status talks
xinhua news agency , belgrade , february 17 , chinese foreign minister li zhaoxing met here tuesday with visiting european union president roman rono and his party .
barroso met with the president of the interim authority of cote d'ivoire , serbs , and others , and told the media that the parties concerned in kosovo should adopt a tolerant attitude to establish a democratic and multi - ethnic integration , and respect the government 's governance and protect the rights and interests of minority nationalities before kosovo can be recognized by the international community .
he also stressed that the eu commission would do its best to help kosovo develop .
barroso also expressed satisfaction with the current implementation of kosovo 's " eight - point standards " for the implementation of the un - sponsored kosovo democratic process .
he believed that the implementation of these standards is an important factor affecting the integration of kosovo and europe .
he also appealed to all serbs in kosovo to join the kosovo organizations .
barroso arrived in kosovo on the same day to attend the two - day visit to kosovo 's capital city plystina .
earlier , barroso visited croatia and cyprus , and he will also visit the albania and bosnia - herzegovina .
( winter olympics games ) stimulants : news analysis : the distribution of the liuyao incident may be unclear .
xinhua news agency , dulin , february 17 , the news analysis : the dispatch of the missing pilot is likely to be a clear decision .
xinhua news agency reporter , gao peng , ding ying
although italy has repeatedly said that the dutch winter olympics will be held in the city of peru , the athletes who are used stimulants may face the myriad of jail , but judging by the various circumstances at present , this situation is not likely to occur in the main corner of the russian federation 's detainees , the russian winter cypriot police force , which is the first case of the scandal .
the winter olympics in turin was blown out for the first time since the opening of the winter olympics on 16 january . o'neill was found using banned drugs cards .
on the next day , the international olympic committee announced that the sending of leavers out of winter olympics was already a success , and she won 15 kilometers of gold medal in the winter winter olympics .
the international winter cypriot league ( ipu ) made a decision on the same day to impose a two - year penalty on the sending of the three - year embargo .
the international olympic committee has been stipulating that athletes are found to be using stimulants in the olympic games will be eliminated and their qualification will be deprived , but they are not subject to legal sanctions .
however , according to the italian law , the athletes carrying and using stimulants are criminal acts , and the judiciary has the right to directly arrest and investigate and use stimulants to try to deter the law from three months to three years .
in december last year , the ioc and the italian government , after a year of hard bargaining , finally reached an agreement , and both sides agreed to hold a formal meeting in the current winter olympics to deal with the issue of using stimulants by athletes in accordance with the italian law .
after the ioc 's ceaseless efforts , italy has made remarkable progress in four days before the winter olympics opening , promising that the police would not go to the olympic village to search the athletes ' places , but the screaming of the herbal proprietary chinese athletes will still be investigated by the italian prosecutors .
it is reported that the italian government supervises the development of the winter olympics in turin , perry , and has sent the stimulant to turin 's procuratorial organs .
however , the ioc and perry themselves have not yet been confirmed .
russian winter cypriot diamonds , ms. mizov , revealed at noon on 17 april that the leavers had left turin and returned to china .
he was once a member of the world anti - spousing organization for many years . shi kangcheng said : once the sport is sent back to china , this matter will eventually be uneasy .
shi said that the ioc and the italian government have made great contributions to the peace process in the winter olympics .
according to the previous reports made by italy on the use of stimulants by its own athletes , the most serious punishment given by the banned persons is merely two years of imprisonment and a pack of execution .
therefore , the italian amazon news agency , leitho , said that the possibility of sending leids into prison was extremely small , and the most important thing was to impose fines .
pierre also said that although the italian court could conduct a absence trial , the italian police could not go abroad to send the lips to take their sentences .
if the leavers refuse to accept the verdict , the italian side will have no way to take her .
according to a comprehensive source , the new epidemic point has continued to occur in various countries around the world in strictly guarding against the epidemic .
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to impose a ban on bird flu in africa , according to a report released by the national bureau of statistics ( nbs ) here today .
the world health organization confirmed on 17 april that egypt had found bird flu in three areas .
in europe , france has also discovered for the first time the five - type bird flu virus , europe has a high degree of vigilance in africa , and has strengthened preventive measures .
the director of the international community , dr hassan rasone , told the press in egypt on 17 july that the current presence of the neurons in cairo , central egypt and the three areas in southern minya had already found dead birds infected with the deadly strain of the bird flu , and the relevant government departments of the egyptian government had started to slaughter poultry that were suspected of infected with bird flu .
experts point out that egypt is a member of the organization of the organization of the organization of the organization of the organization of the organization of the organization of the organization of the organization of the organization of the organization of the organization of the organization of the organization of the organization of the organization of the organization of the organization of the organization of the organization of the organization of the organization of the organization of the organization of the organization of the african union for the development of the organization of the african union ( sco )
egypt has announced that it has banned the import of live poultry from abroad and strengthened quarantine at border ports .
cameroon 's capital , a chinese - made farm in jakarta , has been in the past week with more than 800 chickens leaving the country .
cameroon has decided to suspend the poultry supply from nigeria , where the bird flu epidemic has occurred , and suspend the import of poultry and pork from all markets in the border between the two countries .
the government also announced in a short time that it would build a epidemic monitoring network covering the whole territory , and the basf center and the national veterinary laboratory were also in an emergency situation to carry out the work of providing information on the virus with a population of 5n1 .
in europe , denmark and sweden began their initial rule out the epidemic on 17 april .
the swedish veterinary institute issued a statement on the death of the dead swan on wednesday , indicating that sweden 's swan did not have any avian influenza virus .
denmark 's national veterinary administration of the country also found the deadly h5n1 strain of bird flu in 30 dead swans in denmark in recent days .
however , the agricultural department said that denmark should not take it lightly .
the number of people in the country 's eastern european countries has dropped to nine , nine , and nine , respectively , from the same time , the world health organization ( who ) experts said in bucharest , the danube delta region has almost all of its areas , and it is necessary to take a serious view of this situation . romania may continue to be threatened by the avian flu in three or five years .
in bangladesh , asia , the government has taken all necessary measures to prevent avian influenza .
the government 's domestic and animal services bureau has provided relevant officials with books on the prevention of avian influenza and has also organized poultry farmers to carry out training .
( press clippings ) china 's first joint blood information management system built in zhejiang
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to send a team of medical experts to monitor the spread of blood data in the center , according to the hospital 's blood center , the first of its kind in china .
the relevant person in charge of the blood center of zhejiang province said that this means that any citizen will be allowed to take blood from any county ( city 's zhangshun district ) in zhejiang province in the future to take part in the blood donation service , and there will be a unique code record . when he makes blood donations again , he will have to go into the relevant codes and make a blood record .
the responsible person further explained that if the import of the relevant code record , the system would show that the insolvent donors had not reached the interval period , and would indicate that they did not meet the conditions for giving blood .
this will not only protect the blood of the donors themselves but also effectively protect the rights and interests of the users .
in addition , when the blood supply is tense , the donors and their families have the right to use blood first . you can see that as long as you enter the effective documents of the donors , you can immediately show the information of the donors , which is quite convenient .
according to a report in hangzhou " morning post , " the information system has been established in all 36 blood - supplying organs throughout the province , and blood resources of all blood - supply organs in the province have also been displayed in real time , achieving the sharing of data in the whole province .
to prevent the recurrence of a mountain slope , 11 villages in the philippines urgently withdrew
manila , february 18 ( xinhua ) the philippine government has decided to extend its ban on the use of land for another mountain landslide incident in the eastern part of the country , a philippine local official said here today .
naleitar 's official , rotho leyas , said on the same day that these villages had a long history of contact with villages that hit a mountain landslide on the 17th .
the 11 foreign ministers who withdrew will be resettled in seven withdrawal centers .
lyreas said : the government yesterday ordered residents to leave the country . today , another person was sent to inspect these villages because some people did not want to leave their homes .
on the 17 th , the landslide incident occurred in the skyscrapers in the southwestern part of saint bell town of saint nalein , looking at television images , mud soil and stone has buried the entire village , and we can only see several roof .
as the soil is very thick and humidity is very high , the people buried in the lower levels are very unclear about the hope of survival .
at present , 109 people have been found dead and 57 people have been rescued .
it is estimated that the cause of the accident may reach as high as 1,800 .
( overseas chinese ) minnan overseas chinese community
fuzhou , february 19 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to increase its exports to the united states in january this year , according to the statistics released by the ministry of foreign trade and economic cooperation ( moftec ) .
according to customs statistics , in january , the amount of export in quanzhou was 330 - million us dollars , setting the best record in history , up 35.2 percent over the same period of last year , higher than the average growth level of the entire province .
according to a report by the quanzhou city foreign economic exchange bureau , the volume of foreign trade in quanzhou in january was able to grow at a high speed , mainly due to the effect of several foreign trade support measures in quanzhou , enterprises ' export enthusiasm was running high , the quanzhou economy was operating actively , the business confidence of enterprises was strengthened , and the environment of high - efficiency and smooth development of foreign trade was enhanced .
