the white house has urged the nuclear inspector to monitor the north korea 's closure of the nuclear reactor
the white house today called for the dispatch of nuclear inspectors as soon as possible to monitor the north 's closure of its nuclear reactor , and the white house was formed by us president bush and south korean president roh moo - hyun .
white house national security council spokesman elmer straw said that the two leaders discussed the us - south korean summit in the north korean nuclear issue today .
the strong straw pointed out that the two presidents also expressed their appreciation for the us - south korea free trade agreement signed yesterday and will make efforts to ensure that the two countries ' congress ratify the agreement .
experts believe that pyongyang has been playing an increasingly important role in the production of plutonium over the past 20 years .
the six - party talks special envoy hill walked down last week in pyongyang , saying he expected that the nuclear reactor in the yongbyon border would be closed in mid - july .
the western part of india is experiencing a heavy rain and 43 deaths
the western part of india was hit by torrential rains on the weekend , and some areas were seriously flooded , and the western city was shut down and placed on the line .
the rescue officials said today that the 43 people were killed .
the annual average of the quarterly report is from 6 to september .
the heavy rains this time , half of the victims were drowning themselves because of the disturbances in the houses or camouflage houses .
the indian financial center also suffered a lot .
in the 29 th alone , the hue was reduced and the 43 e was made public .
the chief executive , mr bashar al-asad , said that he had died 13 times .
the city government urged members of the public to take care of their children before the rainy season .
yesterday , the rain was slightly heated , most areas were still flooded today .
india 's water is nearly 500 dead
according to the information provided by officials and media , the indian nation 's swelling death this year has risen to 4-73 .
hello , huanqiu news trust quoted the government 's supervisor and reconstruction minister carddan disclosed today that the indian provinces have recently successively entered the country 's markets one after another , and the number of casualties and economic losses in various places . the top indian city of kashmir province has been known to have 33,000 people dead .
the report pointed out that the " falungong " was a cult when she inspected the incident .
he said : at the same time , india 's largest cotton production site , the shisha province , and the vast ocean , with 27 cities and towns , and the duo 's siding and spine were seriously shut down , and more than 10,000 disaster victims were placed under security custody .
india 's entire territory is moving from the south to the north , and it started to successively enter the country one week ago . the people of all provinces held a long - cherished mood to greet the rain , but they did not expect the situation to be so serious , and the rain became dense , the highway became even more shy , the low - lying water water water drain , the houses were not completely shut down , and the traffic was paralyzed . so far
the two sides will hold a series of activities including the first of the second round of the world cup in the southern african country
the spanish red tianta , the first of its kind in the world , opened today in the wimbledon men 's singles , and the huokiovic in the competition , which was unbeaten for the injury , will be in the final , and will be in contention with the swiss world champion , king fidel de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de
the two sides agreed to hold the first round of the 16 th national championship in the first quarter of the year , and the second round of the eight teams was held in the third round of the competition .
the fourth seed jovic reentered the race and the original 3 - 6 - 6 - 1 - 1 - lead - 2 seed was defeated .
nightclubs , apart from the first place of the game , were too slow to take the first hand in the game , two of the two games were on the one hand leading .
satellite dim shows iran 's potential to protect nuclear equipment
the us think tank science and international security institute today reported that commercial satellite shows that iran is currently developing uranium enrichment facilities in the vicinity of the nagitz uranium enrichment facility , possibly in order to protect its nuclear installations when it is hit by an air strike .
these are the " american earth " ( the internet , the " home " ) company .
the study has been commissioned in washington to provide a platform for non - profit research organizations .
hello , i think ,
analysts albright has also pointed out that the united states is not willing to make a finger tune in the tunnels , but they are not clear about the road .
they said : " i feel like a kitchen dog inside the mountain will be used to play an excellent role in protecting the air raids .
un special envoy holds nuclear talks with iran
the united nations ' deputy director - general of the international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) , heinen , held talks with iranian officials today to try again to resolve the deadlock caused by the iranian nuclear program .
however , iranian president ahmadinejad has repeatedly stressed in the united nations that the united nations should impose further sanctions .
ahmadinejad 's remarks will not stop uranium enrichment , but welcome this latest talks .
he said : the installation of pole can slow down or speed up , which is a matter of implementation , but no one should expect us to give up our rights , and we will not stop this trend .
he made the remark at a press conference after he arrived in haining .
hainoven 's purpose of this trip is to formulate a plan to resolve the iranian nuclear issue caused by the iran nuclear program .
the united nations has been unable to freeze uranium enrichment activities and has imposed two sanctions on iran .
i think the united states is not a country that is not willing to accept the international community 's support for the peaceful solution of the iranian nuclear issue .
the talks group of iran also includes the deputy chairman of the iaea , the deputy director of the iaea , solana , ambassador to the iaea .
i think this time palestinian prime minister yasser fatah will form a new government
the palestinian authorities have been trying to persuade the palestinians to use the sword " after the horse racing " one month after the horse racing , but they were immediately taken over by the government .
the agricultural and social affairs minister , khabahar , told afp that prime minister jarde has proposed resignation to abbas president abbas , and at the same time he has also demanded that his cabinet in charge of handling daily administrative affairs be new government .
abbas 's hue told afp that yahyde had been quitting his resignation , while abbas ordered him to perform his current post until his new government was inaugurated .
the number of people who have been respected , jade , has been resigned , but the program resignation is not shaken .
france and germany have been making efforts to lead the palestinian emergency cabinet since 17 january to implement abbas 's act of violence and regain the order after he announced his decision .
according to the basic law of the palestinian autonomous government , the state of affairs that has not been approved by the parliament for more than 30 days shall not exceed 30 days , but the current self - government parliament is now in a state of paralysis .
the emergency government 's power expires today .
wto representative on new case of wto breaking doha round of talks
the wto 's main negotiator today proposed a big reduction of us agricultural subsidies , and the developing countries ' sharp reduction of import tariffs on industrial products to break the deadlock in the doha round of trade talks .
the official said : the draft amendment is a big step in the united states ' subsidies to agriculture every year , from the 1-1 - billion us dollars that is allowed to go to lower , to $ 200 - million , and the developing countries ' lowering the tariffs on industrial products to below - class .
these proposals are aimed at breaking the deadlock in the duhalde round of talks over the past six years and promoting the conclusion of a compromise agreement among wto members .
the wto secretary general called these proposals a big challenge to the world trade organization ( wto ) , and said that the development - oriented agreement was fair and reasonable .
lamy said : the member states have different views on the proposal . however , the result of the discriminatory problem is less than the consensus .
he called on the two sides to hold intensive talks in the next few weeks .
the strong earthquake affected the daily production of japanese cars or the spies .
japan has been strongly hit by a strong earthquake this week , causing some problems such as zero shortage of cars , and daily production , said today that they will go and even suspend domestic automobile production .
japan 's slasty was defeated by a strong earthquake of 6.8 on the richter scale , and the automobile parts manufacturers and research companies were forced to suspend operation of the tokyo - huo factory and affect the production of the car factories .
the world 's most popular car dealer , a female spokesman said that she was born in hong kong from tonight to 21 june .
japan 's spokesman for the japanese production said that the japanese economy had been growing at an annual rate of about 10 percent from the day of the day until the 23 rd . the weekend will reassess the situation .
he said : the two factories have two different lines .
suzuki said that the three - day suspension of some production , production , and harvest will be suspended tomorrow .
the car is also going to be suspended next week .
the earthquake caused the least 10 people dead .
the time for the purchase of the products is not too easy for indonesia to remove the campus
hello , huo said today that in view of the upsurge of hong kong 's rush purchase earlier this month , indonesia has canceled the sales of british environmental protection bags .
the new high - consumption area busier at the indonesian square , the famous artist , said : in view of the incident in hong kong , we have canceled environmental bag activities .
if the people are making a great effort to get a rough of 1.408 million luggage ( about nt $ 400,000 ) , then it will have no price .
hello hong kong people gathered in the sales office on 6 june to prepare to buy a " big stick " from the british family on 6 april .
the new model , which is based on environmental protection , is attempting to replace the old bags , but unexpectedly it becomes a popular index in london and new york , which has triggered off the purchase and auction of the website 's " voice " price several times .
the only one who has been sold to indonesia for sales of dubious ivine , " said the " no " would be sold after a few days .
the hostage crisis is a big challenge to the south korean side .
the afghan leader , who abducted 23 south korean hostages and set the deadline for the 23 rd session of the un security council to withdraw troops from south korea , otherwise the hostage would be killed .
with time coming by one second , the situation has developed positively , and south korean officials have held a press conference today .
however , at the same time , she said that another person kidnapped by the german hostage was very weak and started to fall into a dilemma and lose consciousness .
hello , wu , who is also vice president of the chinese people 's political consultative conference ( cppcc ) , said that the chinese government has always attached great importance to the development of the relations between the two countries .
" i am pleased to note that the two sides have reached an agreement on the protection of intellectual property rights through the long - standing elder of the tribes , " said a spokesman for the korean state department .
the amady said : we hope that the talks will yield results .
i am sure that the taiwan authorities will make a decision on the final deadline for the evening ( the evening of taiwan time ) , and that time will begin to kill south korean hostages .
i 've been twice shown the time limit .
the dispute in the sea area is difficult to reach a consensus the military talks between the two koreas are not in a flash .
because of the lack of understanding of the boundaries of the sea area , the three - day high - level military talks between the south and the north and south koreas are not in session today .
in border cities , the " red cross " talks entered the last day of the agenda today . north korean chief representative kim jong - il ( translation ) said : we have made a conclusion that we will not need to talk about those talks which have no result of the outcome .
the price of the painting was clearly not happy .
he pointed out that the " no - fly line " was not legal .
the huanqiu junshi bao , a famous " enemy " in the korean war , was shot out in the past few years .
north korea said south korea 's illegal invasion of the waters caused tensions .
local waters were closed in june 1999 , causing dozens of north korean crew members to go out .
comparing june 2002 with the same day , six south korean people were unfortunately killed .
us treasury secretary arrives in china for environmental protection and exchange rate
us treasury secretary powell arrived in china yesterday to begin his visit . the united states is making every effort to persuade china to further carry out necessary economic reform and environmental protection work , especially the issue of the rmb exchange rate that has attracted much attention .
the us diplomatic personnel said that powell first went to the northwest china province of qinghai province to make a hue visit .
china is now at the most advanced water treatment plant near the huawei .
" we are pleased to see that the chinese government has made positive progress in its efforts to promote the strategic economic dialogue between the united states and china , " he said .
the us - china strategic economic dialogue mainly discussed economic issues such as economic interdependence and environmental protection , but the most important is the issue of the rmb exchange rate . us congressmen believe that the renminbi is too undervalued .
the us - china trade deficit is rapidly emerging , and pressure on the united states is gradually rising , and congressmen are prepared to take retaliatory action to counter their so - called china 's unfair trade policy .
the us senate finance committee overly passed a bill last week demanding that the ministry of finance recognize the currency exchange rate as a completely misled state , and to provide a legal basis for the economic sanctions imposed on beijing .
the us congress members said that the renminbi is undervalued , and china 's goods sold to the united states are extremely sharp , which has aggravated the trade imbalance between the united states and china . the us trade deficit with china last year reached 2.5 billion us dollars .
mugabe 's remarks will be heard by the 60 th year old
from the beginning , mu lionian was in the west .
there are some newspapers that have listed 14 young girls .
mugabe 's remarks have been " positive " for the united states and the european union ( eu ) , and i really want to go on a sect , i believe that a day the portuguese football association also hopes to engage me as the leader of the martial arts .
however , the 44 - year - old mugabe did not intend to make his whole life to football , and he said he would retire before the age of 60 . he did not want to be a player like benderson and fringe . he did not want to be a young man .
i 've been told my wife .
mugabe 's remarks were made to the 60 th year old .
i have too many things that i cannot do now , and i am going to do it .
i do n't think i want to become a football adviser or technical director , such as barbados or sarki .
i do n't want to play such a role .
i do n't want to become a club president , i just want to go all out to play football , muello stressed .
( qi liang )
the flood - tunnel in hung tung , shanxi , wang bing soldiers were called for by themselves in the midst of the case ( picture )
chinanews , july 28 c the public 's concern is that the internet was playing a role in the first instance trial of the hengdong county temples in hongdong county , shanxi province , in the first instance of the public in society .
many domestic media have been watching the progress of the case .
because of the local departments ' relatively cautious behaviors , some reporters failed to attend the interview .
at present , huo is still in operation .
according to the local press center 's criminal court , the court of final appeal will be held smoothly if the case is smoothly handled .
however , whether or not the verdict on this court is still unknown .
at 9 : 00 am , a reporter noticed a report by a reporter outside the entrance of the linfen city intermediate court , the luoon was calm and was shut down .
perhaps , the court was still engaged in some kind of " deceptive activities . "
i was wearing a long - standing , a good and just result .
a road - long chinese military man , who has been living there , looked at the national emblem and spoke self - evident .
prior to this , hongdongxian county had reported that the defendant wang bing 's father , wang bing , had a telephone conversation with wang dongwen , former party branch secretary of shengxian village , in accordance with the law .
prior to this , wang dongwen was sentenced to life imprisonment for a long time in the case of wang bing 's arms and ammunition .
the " red army " of wang bing 's black brick ditch in shanxi , which was once caused a great deal of attention both inside and outside the country , and the central authorities ' instructions for strict investigation .
the dprk and the rok held talks on developing light industry and underground resources .
chinanews , july 8 c
the dprk and the rok held talks on 7 june on launching the cooperation in the field of light industry and underground resources .
under the agreement , south korea will provide north korea with the necessary export of raw materials for light industrial products such as clothing , etc. the dprk will grant some domestic export - related rights to south korea .
according to the report by the japan sending off association , the rok and the dprk held a joint military exercise in the city of kaicheng in three days .
under the agreement , south korea will send its voice to north korea and provide clothing and soap raw materials , which are worth 9-polish .
in response to this , the dprk will put three domestic hysterical extracting rights on the korean peninsula to the rok .
the rok government will hold a meeting on 25 july at renchuang port in the west to deliver the first batch of contractual materials to the dprk .
according to the plan , starting 28 july , the rok and the dprk jointly launched an investigation into the eastern part of the dprk .
the rok government 's move to start the construction of a 4 million - ton aid program to the dprk .
in the dprk , it expressed willingness to actively carry out the agreement reached by the six countries on the closure of nuclear facilities and other areas , the dprk - rok economic cooperation has become more active again .
the lanzhou commodity bureau has set a price of the denomination meat : it is only because of the increase of the meat .
chinanews , lanzhou , july 10 ( huang party )
at about 8.30 pm today , the lanzhou city bureau of commodity prices invited relevant departments to hold a forum on the issue of the pork price .
at the press conference , the reporters learned that the bureau of commodity price control and other departments jointly issued a top - price ticket price , mainly because the price of the beef has increased too much and has exceeded the capacity of the general residents .
it is learned that the current price of the cow has risen by 20 percent , and data statistics show that this is the first time that lanzhou 's cattle prices have risen for the first time since the 1980 s .
" the government 's behavior is to consider the interests of the common people in the region , and we will not be able to pay the highest price for our export goods , " said the director of the lanzhou city bureau of commodity prices .
on 26 february , the lanzhou city commodities bureau 's hugo business administration bureau and other four departments jointly issued a circular on prices of pork and noodles . the news was revealed , which aroused strong concern .
it is learned that the forum aims to listen to the views of various circles in an extensive manner , and to solicit the opinions and suggestions on the specific management measures for the next step , and it is also disclosed that lanzhou will hold a news conference tomorrow .
this will be the first time in lanzhou city to hold a meeting on the issue of price increase .
i will mete out punishment to the china regional development council : stop activities for three months
chinanews , july 11 c according to information from huaqiu website , on july 9 , the china regional development promotion association made an administrative penalty of a suspension of its activities for three months .
the punishment warrants that the china council for the development of the region has the following illegal acts : 1 st superstandard , 2 + 3 , and 3 rd online fee to non - member units .
after investigation , the owner of the shop was found to have a record of 21,000 yuan each year . during the period from june to february 2007 , he saw a total of 20 units involved in the " somp " and a total of 1,2000 yuan was collected by the members of the unit . the other family received a fee of $ 0.80 , of which contained a fee of the total of the fees collected from the superseding organizations , and other serious violation of the relevant regulations
the " regulations on the registration and management of social organizations " article 33 , section 1 ( 8 ) of the " regulations on the registration and management of social organizations " stipulates that the council shall make an administrative penalty within three months of the suspension of activities within a specified time and shall also seal relevant articles in accordance with the law .
the rok government hopes to resolve the korean peninsula nuclear issue through the six - party talks
chinanews , july 12 c according to han united news agency , the rok government will begin a three - day official visit to beijing on the 18 th .
the rok ministry of foreign affairs and trade issued a commentary on 12 june , hoping that the delegation heads of the six - party talks delegation would discuss the early ending of the initial measures and the implementation of the next phase of the measures and the concrete and substantive plans for the six - party talks , thus speeding up the process of the korean peninsula 's nuclear - free process .
the commentary also claimed that as the leader of the dprk nuclear issue , the chinese government will provide a powerful ideological weapon for rapidly and satisfactorily realizing the denuclearization of the korean peninsula , and will closely cooperate with relevant countries in this regard .
the official revealed that the beijing olympic games are expected to create the largest number of participating countries and regions .
chinanews , july 16 c
xinhua news agency report : beijing olympic committee international hue department deputy director wang shilin disclosed on 14 june that the beijing olympic committee will submit a report to the ioc 205 members next month to take part in the olympic games .
he said that if there is no accident , the beijing olympic games will become the most important international and regional olympic games in history .
the report says that from 10 to 12 june , deputy wang shilin , on behalf of the beijing olympic committee , briefed the meeting on the preparatory work for the beijing olympic games , including the arrangements for traffic control on 10 april , and the arrangements for extra - ordinances on 12 july .
wang shilin said : the pan - american sports organization 's member countries and regions have all attached great importance to participating in the beijing olympic games . all 42 members have confirmed that they will participate in the olympic games in beijing next month .
it is learned that during the meeting , the ioc will hold a meeting with the beijing olympic committee to formally invite the 205 member ioc members to join the olympic games .
( npc deputy gao limin )
wang yan 's injury improved " and " insisted on " taking a bench 's upper limbs to resume the ' two - level '
hello , wang yan has been able to sit on the wooden wooden , but she still cannot be too dizzy . yesterday , the zhejiang sports bureau 's huo huiqin center told the reporter that
prior to this , the wang yan , who was injured in the competition , continued to improve . among them , the finger cellultor 's muscle regained and over 10 days ago was raised to the level of two - tiered appetite .
this month , wang yan came from the sixth college of shanghai ( heavy disease ward ) to the specially - receiving ward .
in the last half of this month , wang yan 's upper limbs muscle cellules have been further improved .
hello , doctor wang yan .
in other words , in less than half a month , wang yan 's upper limbs muscle muscle regained control and went back to the stage .
i 've got a lot of enchanting , wang yan has been able to sit on the bed for five minutes .
the hospital recovered experts originally planned to conduct a thorough investigation of wang yan 's case in the wake of the protection of recovered beds last week .
however , according to wang yan 's condition at the present stage , the resumption of the training on land - related rehabilitation has to be postponed temporarily .
wu xuan said : wang yan 's current training is mainly due to sitting on the neck , and her career is the result of her persistence in a single - wooden stool , but her time is still not too long .
venezuelan president calls for substantial reduction of wages for senior civil servants
chinanews , july 23 c the central bank will continue to provide the necessary support for the venezuelan government to implement its foreign policy .
he said : the substantial reduction in the wages of senior civil servants was a major reduction .
he also said that the foreign nationals of venezuela would be facing serious consequences if they attack the venezuelan government .
i have ordered government officials to closely monitor the situation of foreigners ' visit to venezuela and find that any person who publicly criticizes him or the venezuelan government should expel him from the country .
he was told by the television on the evening of 22 february that venezuela cannot tolerate foreigners running into the house and making their fingers at home .
he pointed out in his speech that the large - scale reduction of wages for senior civil servants will be a major reduction .
he said that venezuela 's civil servants ' wages cannot exceed their monthly salary .
it is reported that in venezuela , some poor people have a monthly income of us dollars .
in latin american countries , the government has taken a series of measures to reduce civil servants ' wages , and has won the support of the broad masses of the people .
peru , siege , and other leaders all cut their salaries .
i also said that cuban leaders have reminded him to pay attention to the " flesh - and - blood " action directed by the united states .
he said that qatryan presented him a book entitled " america 's leading edge " to him .
hello .
at about 10 : 30 p.m . beijing time , the international auto movement council held a special hearing on the fallari technology espionage case in paris , which was summoned by the scoundinous maikai : the council decided not to mete out punishment to the mai wheel for the time being .
the international automobile association 's official network , after hearing the news conference , issued a statement : the huareng - ta - kai - kaiser museiete 's secret information has larley 's secret information , but there is no sufficient evidence to prove that these materials are being used in the world championships of the international automotive union , the first class of the world 's top class , and therefore will not be punished .
however , the french - speaking spies case has not been enacted .
the president of the motor sports council will be in the decision : if you want to discover the faulty - related information in the future , you will be used to damage the championships . we will keep the right to request mai kai kaijiu to give evidence to the automobile sports council 's rights to be abolished by the abolition of the 2007 , or even 2008 , and even the 2008 hybrid competition .
at present , the number of people who have been suspended from the start of the new kakai wheel has been found to have been found to have nearly 800 pages of french - language documents , including the design of the car 's design - powered car , the design of the 80 th - year - old tennis player , the testing of the advanced wave of the mobile phone , and the operation of the system .
mkapo , scotland , and england were closed , and no other person knew that the kakai 's rostrum was not a french - speaking larse .
( wang keyuan )
experts believe that insurance is a very short time .
chinanews , july 30 c
according to a report by china securities news , the " regulations on the management of insurance funds overseas investment " were promulgated a few days ago . insurance funds have a broader space for the use of the capital market .
china 's huo company 's chief investment officer liu lefei believes that the appreciation of the rmb and the good domestic capital market will not be possible in the near future for the insurance companies to invest in insurance , and this also means that they will not divert the funds from the domestic stock market in the near future .
the report says many insurance agencies hold the same view .
experts said that because the current rmb is not yet available , the insurance agencies are not able to evade risks , and therefore the time for large - scale purchase of foreign currencies is not ripe .
liu lefei said that the chinese government has always attached great importance to the distribution of assets , and overseas investment should account for a considerable portion of the overall distribution of insurance companies .
however , in view of the relatively large appreciation pressure of the renminbi , china will mainly use its own foreign exchange funds to carry out overseas investment .
the government has also decided to increase the foreign exchange reserves by a small margin .
( shangxi )
china 's imports of machinery and electronic products worth 55.5 billion yuan ( about 2.9 billion us dollars )
this reporter learned from the general headquarters of the national flood prevention and drought control : as of july , the number of cases of drought - stricken people has been 181 million mu , of which 54.14 million mu have been affected , 1.1.19 million people have been hit , 652 million people died due to natural disasters , and 45.5 billion yuan have been directly lost in the houses .
the total arable land affected by drought is 144 - billion mu , and there are clues to petition , and the big family is in a dilemma because of droughts and delays .
in july , the national general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control issued a circular in view of the current grim situation of flood prevention and drought control .
they are required to make sure that all provinces in the huai river and the general headquarters of flood prevention will strengthen the prevention of water retreat , and win a complete victory in flood prevention .
the state general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control and other departments have sent three work teams separately to separately set up work teams to provide guidance for flood prevention and drought control .
at present , the work of preventing and controlling the irregularities is being carried out in an intense and orderly manner , and the red river also has been put into leaking , henan province , jiangsu province , anhui province , and jiangsu province , are still on the verge of their feet .
i do n't know what big the situation is .
heilongjiang 's huanjiangxi province , and other provinces , in accordance with the plan , activated the emergency response to the fight against drought and the drought was being carried out in an orderly manner .
china 's top legislator calls for more effective measures to protect intellectual property rights ( ipr )
chen shui - bian secretly criticized the judicial authorities for involvement in the election of the taiwan " judicial yuan " and denied and wanted to explain it .
chinanews , july 28 c chen shui - bian 's letter of intent on 30 july questioned the judicial personnel on the island 's attempt to get involved in the election of the leader of the taiwan region .
taiwan 's judicial administrative college is highly qualified ,
according to taiwan 's " huoyan report , " chen shui - bian questioned the prosecutor or investigator on 30 june , and intervened in the affair due to political or election considerations , and even tried to influence the election activities of all political candidates . he said he hoped that this phenomenon would not exist in taiwan , but it was very difficult .
in view of chen shui - bian 's query , the court president of taiwan 's judicial organs has not responded to the call of secretary - general fan guangqun , and gao jinchi has spoke on behalf of the judicial yuan .
gao jinchi said : taiwan 's basic law and discipline of judges are all clearly declared that judges should go beyond the party 's partisan or political party activities , nor should they be elected , and that judges are very cautious about the relevant restrictions , and that judges are very cautious about observing the law , and that judges believe in the law courts are very good .
gao jinchi pointed out : the gaoyao higher the higher rank of judge zhang shengxi attended the grand ceremony of kadena school several years ago , because the relevant courses have the color of a political party and a self - discipline committee formed by judges .
zhang shengxi once wished to join the dpp , and because he took the position to run in the election , he decided to give up .
gao jinchi held that if a case is tried in a case , a case may be heard at a trial level , and the result of the judgment cannot be won by the judgment alone , then the judge should not have any political intention .
germany to lower professional personnel 's threshold
the report on the work of the pla general staff headquarters in berlin on 1 july was published by the people 's liberation army [ pla ] .
german education and scientific research minister shavan said a few days ago that germany should lower the " bill " to impose restrictions on the import of foreign specialized personnel , and increase the import of foreign talents , to resolve the problem of professional talent being pushed up in germany .
according to the oecd report , germany has become the largest developing country with a population of 15 to 64 years old .
if there is no sufficient immigrants , it will be impossible to reach 2020 , germany 's labor force will be reduced by 6percent .
however , the german employers ' union and the german engineer association reported that the german labor market is now in a very good shape , with engineers and professional technical talent having a big hand .
according to the german federal labor agency , the unemployment rate in germany was down to 5.9 percent in may this year , up from 2.7 percent in may , while the technical division was supplemented by 96 percent .
in order to protect the employment of its own people , germany has set up a relatively high threshold for the introduction of foreign talent .
the german newspaper " huoxi " stipulates that the professional personnel of non - eu countries cannot be reduced to a minimum of 85,000 euros in germany , or they cannot be employed in germany or in the capacity of a residence .
shamman suggested that this limit be reduced to the euro .
do n't superstitiously engage in theoretical studies
the draft amendment to the law on lawyers , which was submitted to the npc standing committee for deliberation recently , stipulates in article 8 : those who have engaged in professional work such as legal study and teaching , and have high - ranking personnel , such as those who have higher attendance or similar professional standards , who have applied for lawyers ' work , may be allowed to practice a lawyer 's practice in a barrister 's profession in the state council .
( 28 june ) " zhongguo fang "
the law has the power to make theoretical innovations and to seek truth from facts , and the former mainly includes teaching and research work , etc.
for a long time , the theory of marxism has been constantly emerging in the ideological and political circles and the cultural and ideological trends have been frequently observed in the theoretical circles .
the chinese government has always attached great importance to the difference in the division of labor and law , and has no choice but to support any party .
however , the " law on lawyers " has a big power in the process of being subjected to the approval of legal theory in an objective manner .
in fact , some people engaged in the study of laws and international laws and other purely theoretical studies and teaching , and their theory is even more profound and inconsistent with the actual practice of the law .
in this way , the bar system is no doubt a legal person .
i think that the theory of the theory is not only the same , but also the experts and scholars will often influence or even reject the court ruling . this is also the direct manifestation of superstition .
encourage chinese - funded ships to fly flags
the pla general staff headquarters and the general staff headquarters have recently issued a circular on the work of the pla .
from the state council 's news conference , it was learned that the state council will implement the " china - funded international shipping special registration scheme " with effect from 1 july this year , encourage chinese - funded ships that hoisted foreign flags to return to china to register , and obtain a hand - hanging and a void .
to further promote the development of the maritime industry in our country , the state has recently issued a circular on the issue of china 's shipping shipping overseas with a considerable number of ships registered and hanging flags on overseas . the ministry of communications recently issued the " circular on the implementation of the ' provisional regulations on the special administrative region for chinese - funded shipping international shipping shipping shipping , ' which clearly defines the conditions and procedures for application for the special economic and social welfare policies .
the vessel may choose shanghai 's pudong city , tianjin , and dalian as the ship 's shipping register .
the british government has decided to reduce terrorist attacks
the report on the 5 july london ( by guo lin )
the british government 's terrorist attacks were reduced from the highest level to the severe acute diarrhea , which indicated that the terrorist attacks in britain would not occur soon , but the attacks still might be extremely dangerous .
at present , the british police have transferred the investigation scope to india and australia .
as the arrested eight suspects were arrested , they were all in the medical system , and the government would conduct a comprehensive assessment of the background of the migrant immigrants entering the medical system .
it is learned that some people who are near the uk 's public medical system are working overseas .
prime minister john howard also asked for a higher degree of immigration background to investigate the case , and employers or relevant agencies would be asked to provide clauses .
hello , let 's make a business .
the tourism plan .
it can be seen in china , and many people have suffered such a kind of agitated , and they have been engaged in business and sales and business as intermediary business .
whether it is a car or a train , a car , or a car , i always have to face the death of a small business or a number of unverified intermediary .
it is not a child who bets a baby or burns a cake , and it is a magazine that sells many intermediary organs without a license , or even a false or false appetite .
if you do not accept it , he can chase you several hundred meters , and if you are too poor to make it into a benevolence .
in some of the stories , many of them also feel the same .
if the door is not opened , there are people who are young and young .
after entering the door , this situation will be more .
the media reported that , when he visited many foreign tourists in xian , he made an appeal to the xi ' an monument , but he was not satisfied with the fact that many small business leaders who had received a lot of piles were allowed to sell their products across the country .
they include the noise of the bus stops , the spectacular and the walking place , the civilized appearance of the campus , the quiet and harmonious society , and the environment of life .
the sales of the products are free , and they are confused .
the important thing is that these are the results of the construction of the spiritual civilization in hong kong , and they are not only the problem of the image , but also the impact on the local economic development .
just think , you want to make a big effort to strengthen the tourism industry , but you use this kind of unusual tourism environment to welcome the guests coming to the south and north . who is willing to come , who will dare come ?
your tourism economy is also very good ?
with the arrival of the peak season of tourism , the weather will create a civilized environment for tourists from the north of tianshan .
i do n't know whether the market is the business of peddlers , and the business without license should be standardized . illegal activities should be resolutely cracked down on .
a civilized and orderly environment is the only way to make one happy and to fulfill the task of rejuvenating the country .
in a word , do n't let dealers and dealers come .
i think i will be able to make a profit of the whole family .
the beijing dongcheng district office issued a telegraph and other items as its main channel for the dismissal of 12 households .
( the " jingjing bao " july 10 )
i am very proud of these family life .
hello jianxiu street office deputy director : she is suspected of deceiving and slandering people and other problems , encouraging them to voluntarily withdraw their pension , and this is an example for other low - income households .
this example is that if we encourage other low - income workers to work hard to get rid of their difficulties , we should indeed encourage them , and if they want to use this to influence and cheat those who have long been in low protection , they will not be infant .
in differentiating and decommissioning households , more dependence is on the law .
the relevant departments should strengthen the protection of low - income households to perform their obligations when enjoying the minimum - guarantee insurance : if they promptly notify family members and income changes , report on employment situation , and accept regular reexamination , the departments concerned should step up supervision and inspection .
after all , the law of detention and protection is a long - term plan .
the street has been closed for the elderly with an award of honor and a burner .
as the primary government organization , the neighborhood expenditure is allocated by the treasury .
and the number of taxpayers who have already been engaged in the business should not be petty .
on the one hand , the family that withdraws from the minimum has proved that it has already had a certain degree of self - sufficiency and ability , and on the other hand , the number of people applying for low protection still exists .
the " savior " government appropriated for saving money should be delivered to the snowy snowy areas , not the supermarkets .
liu said that china is willing to be a service provider , and that he is even more arrogant .
on 10 july , the first public promotion official of the whole country was named " the sun 's voice " in the newly elected village , mu qizhi town , the first public servant in the new district , received the democratic call for 97.7 percent .
at the news conference held by reporters and liu gangyi , liu cong - yi defined himself as a child 's service .
( yesterday 's " jingji bao " )
liu said : " i am not happy to see the situation in the country . "
the public - run nomination system is the largest one in the world , and the former is mainly determined by ordinary party members and the masses of people , and the latter is mainly appointed by the higher authorities , and the direction of the source of power determines that the former must be in the first place to the people .
the source of power and the responsibility for anyone are the key to determining how the elected is working .
some people have doubts about this kind of democracy and are even more like a democratic show .
my view is that there is such a democratic style .
considering the fact that china 's grassroots democratic politics building is a matter of the present , i believe that the promotion of the people 's democratic system is a major breakthrough and democratic centralism is an important component of the system , and it is not supposed to underestimate the progress of grassroots democratic politics .
india is expected to select the first female president as an analyst , who is expected to be elected as the president , and female voters hope to raise their status as a woman
on 23 june , parade held a ceremony in front of the presidential candidates ' documents .
indian president general election begins on 19 april , the new president will deliver a speech at the inauguration of the current vice president shevardnadze and the other day , the president will be named sir .
i 'm a friend of india 's first female presidential candidate in history . if she is elected , she will become the first female president of india .
i 'm a ruling party national congress presidential candidate , and shevardnadze is a opposition party party .
because of the congress party 's " three - party " position in the presidential election , the media and the people are all joking and getting elected .
the 72 - year - old parachutes was a female teacher of rajasthan state .
she 's a lawyer who enters congress , has rich experience , and she has been serving as the governor of rajasthan state .
she also devoted herself to social welfare . she is a great many cultural educators and social welfare organizations .
analysts pointed out that the reason why parker became a candidate was because she was unswervingly playing the game of indian national congress party chairman soonan .
in india , the gan prefectural family has been controlling the ruling national congress party for a long time .
i was influenced by a large number of female voters , and female voters believe that the parade will be a symbol of india 's women 's image , which is seriously discriminating against women , and the women 's status will be enhanced .
the constitution stipulates that india is the state in the name of the federal state and the president , and that it does not represent any party organization , and more is a kind of symbol .
( yan yingxian )
the united states supports the palestinian government 's expulsion of extremist forces
the us military has recently sent a large number of advanced weapons to taiwan .
us president bush said on 21 june that the united states will fully support the pakistani government 's " act of using the " voice of the basin " and its extremists will rush from the border of pakistan and afghanistan .
bush said in a weekly broadcast that day that the united states should take into consideration the new intelligence , hue base , and organization of pakistan and afghanistan to find security in the border region .
he expressed his concern over this .
bush said that the united states will continue to support president musharraf and believe musharraf will uphold the " campus opera " and hoodlums armed elements .
the united states recently published the " national intelligence assessment " report , which points out that muslim militant organizations , especially those of the desolate camps , still pose a threat to the united states .
musharraf visited china in september last year .
these tribes are the first to be willing or not to go around to protect the security of the region .
bush said in his early - term tape that musharraf is taking positive steps to correct this mistake .
the united states hopes that the agreement on the dprk nuclear issue will be fully implemented .
the us military has recently launched a large - scale military exercise in the united states .
us assistant secretary of state condoleezza rice said in a statement that the six - party talks on the korean nuclear issue held last week are very important , and the meeting has made real progress for the first time . however , this is only the preliminary action of implementing the agreement .
the united states is very expecting to make a decision on the " september 19 joint statement " and " the common document of the 13 th " to be fully implemented .
the german government has decided to increase the number of its troops to be stationed in the dprk , said the spokesman .
he expressed the hope that all parties concerned would fully fulfill their obligations on the korean nuclear issue within one year .
hill also said that during the security and energy talks , the two sides also exchanged views on the issue of security and energy .
climate change has led to the development of the alps ' ice - rich column rapidly shrinking .
the report of the china press and publications administration [ cna ] in july of this newspaper ,
the swiss institute 's ice expert has long been tracking and studies discovered that between 1850 and 1950 , the swiss 's surgical glass has been reduced at an average rate of 35.0 percent .
the only way out is to make the alps ' ice melon .
experts believe that by the year of 2100 , the global temperature will rise by three times , and the glacier will reduce itself by the time it is now , and the rising of the hue will completely widen .
" we are very pleased to see that the world 's largest iceberg has been listed in the world 's natural heritage list by the united nations , " he said .
the photo is 23 km long - long arc ice - skipping .
liu jun :
the beijing olympics all show their support : do civilized consumers
the pla daily held a news conference on 30 july .
reporter liang jie learned from the chinese consumer association that on the eve of the 29 th olympic games on 8 august , the first anniversary of the countdown was about to be held , and the consumer association of beijing municipality will hold a grand ceremony on 8 august to mark the first anniversary of the beijing municipal consumer association 's consumer rights protection society , the qinqinhuangyan consumer association , and the hong kong consumer council 's consumer protection organization .
the proposal proposed : from my perspective , strengthening the awareness of the humanistic olympics , learning the courtesy knowledge , raising civilization , practicing civilization standards , observing society , and being consumers who know civilization ;
and enhance the awareness of the green olympics , protect the ecological environment , treasure the environment , and actively promote sustainable consumption and become a consumer who advocate green consumption .
establish the concept of diligence and thrift , change the consumption concept , and blindly compare , oppose extravagance and waste , and become rational consumers with scientific consumption concepts ;
the increase in the awareness of consumer protection and the participation of the public in the work of protecting intellectual property rights , correctly understanding rights and obligations , and being a consumer who act according to law to protect the legitimate rights and interests of consumers ;
we should encourage people to make mental preparations and actively participate in the olympic games , publicize the olympic spirit , and become the disseminator of the olympic spirit .
the police magazine " huanqiu " is now a great event in hong kong to celebrate the 10 th anniversary of the reunification .
on 1 july , the nanjing jinghai temple 's huawei police was again sounded and clinging .
this great power of historical echoes , through tv stations and huawei , the mainland and hong kong , the nanjing citizens and hong kong compatriots are enjoying a brilliant life , and jointly celebrating the 10 th anniversary of hong kong 's return to the motherland .
over the past 10 years , the nanjing jinghai temple was endured in the sky over the belt building of jinghai temple , and the twins were segments of history of hong kong island .
it is not big enough . the people of all walks of life in nanjing gathered together . they said that they wanted to go through the sound of their own spouses , always warn themselves and never forget history .
hello , dear police , chung zhong , 1.82 m , and the first one in 1842 was the " nanjing treaty " signed during the time when the storm was in buoke .
chung shoulder - shoulder is 1.977 metres long , while hong kong 's regeneration is a regression .
the police force 's planning and casting of the world 's chung zhong was explained by the reporter : the five - star game , the long - span , and the entire copper belt , with a high - sculpture , two dragon - cloned ball , symbolized hong kong as a springboard of the motherland , and used nanjing city as a symbol of the hustle of the huapet of flowers in the belt as a bell of the
the first proposal was made in the year that the democratic parties , including the governor of the hong kong special administrative region , miss yue huarong , said : " i am very happy to see hong kong 's future as a giant in the face of the bright sun . "
( end ) zhu xiaoying and liu yang )
the russian security bureau accused the russian security agency of " conspiracy to sow "
the us military , which was in london , was named bishop lezovsky , a lawyer in the russian city of london , announced on 2 july that the russian federal security bureau had formally put forward a new accusation against the party involved , who criticized the other 's conspiracy to ploy and attempted to seize the russian regime by force .
bostov said that the meeting between the two heads of state in april this year was a very important one in the history of russia .
the russian federal security bureau 's reconnaissance bureau immediately issued a " circular on the investigation of illegal arms and offal in accordance with article 278 of the " russian federation criminal law " to begin a criminal investigation against bishop . recently , it formally filed relevant charges at the moscow sarviv court .
it is learned that the russian federation prosecutor 's office issued a " circular on the criminal case of dutch " in february 2006 , in accordance with the same old man in exile , to confirm in an interview that he was attempting to use force to seize the russian political power .
the reason that he has been exiled abroad is that he is unable to extradite him , and russia suspended the investigation of the case in january 2007 .
on 2 july , the russian military court of salvage began to hear another case of criminal charges against the oldest person . the russian general procuratorate accused bakovsky of embezzling russian airways ' 214 - million lugou funds and 16 - million rubles . the court decided to postpone the court investigation on this on 12 july . this was the case in which the defendant was appointed national defense attorney .
bob feels that all of these are made of wild and unequivocal banning his own lawyers from taking part in the activities .
( bi yuan )
guangxi 's huanqiu duty post is subject to administrative efficiency supervision of 619 people are prosecuted
since the beginning of this year , various localities and departments in guangxi have launched a campaign to change the work style of cadres , strengthen the administrative efficiency of organs , and issue the first question of the responsibility system when the standards for the " three systems " are being investigated and affixed , and 33 key departments directly under the autonomous region have been included in the administrative efficiency supervision network .
so far , 619 people have been prosecuted .
on 5 june , the discipline inspection commission of the autonomous region learned that guangxi has initially formed a autonomous region 's xuezhi county administrative efficiency supervision network , and stepped up supervision over key departments ' responsibility in guangxi . the electronic supervision system of 14 cities has been completely linked with the autonomous region .
the autonomous region 's administrative efficiency electronic supervision system has directly linked to the work of the 33 electronic supervision systems directly under the autonomous region which involve investment environment and production and life of the people , further standardized the examination and approval behavior , and improved the efficiency of examination and approval .
at the same time , the discipline inspection and supervision organs at all levels in guangxi have seriously investigated and dealt with cases involving the interests of the masses who are harmful to work style . up to now , they have investigated and verified 160 cases , investigated and closed down 5,884 units , and prosecuted 619 people .
the members of the standing committee of the cpc committee 's discipline inspection commission ma huaqiang said on 5 june that the administrative efficiency supervision is a long - term mechanism that accompanied the work of the administrative activities and should gradually form a long - term mechanism .
guangxi should further improve and standardize the administrative management of all kinds , establish and improve the system of supervision and management of administrative efficiency and safeguard mechanisms , and include efficiency supervision into the system of standardized regulation , further standardize supervision and inspection procedures , improve the mechanism for handling complaints and the mechanism for assessing performance results , and intensify the investigation of responsibility and guarantee system in order to ensure the implementation of the system of guaranteeing the first - call - up and guarantee when the system is implemented .
china 's top legislator wu bangguo met here monday with a delegation of the international federation of trade unions ( iec ) .
nato does not rule out the possibility of establishing a new missile defense system with the united states
the nato press agency , simona , jackson manaso , was interviewed by xinhua on 9 april . he said that the possibility of separating the us anti - missile system from nato 's own defense system is not ruled out .
the simona dendmano said that nato is now studying the us anti - missile program , and hopes that the us anti - missile base protection will cover all european allies .
she said : nato has its own theater missile defense system and has started discussions on the establishment of a strategic missile defense system , and has linked the us abm system with nato 's own defense system .
she also said that the us plan to establish an antimissile system in europe would be discussed in a timely manner through various channels .
china 's foreign trade volume with the united states increased by 23.1 percent in the first half of this year , according to a report by the chinese foreign ministry here tuesday .
two jordanian men were arrested for plotting attacks on americans
two jordanian men arrested for conspiracy to attack us in jordan on 11 september , while the jordanian national security court sentenced him to death on 11 september .
the two men , aged 25 , were each sentenced to life imprisonment by a man .
the court said that the hostage was also charged with illegal possession of fireworks by the police in his search of his home .
the court originally decided to sentenced huata to life imprisonment and then considered giving him a claws to death , and to a life - long prison term .
the indictment said that the two defendants had decided to provide the clandestine for those who were humiliated and humiliated by the americans , and therefore planned to attack americans living in jordan .
in august 2006 , they came to know a man who was kidnapped in an apartment in the jordanian capital of anthony , but was arrested before the attack was launched .
the indictment did not make public the american identity .
the indictment also accused the two defendants of attacking other americans , but did not reveal details .
china 's top legislator wu bangguo met here tuesday with a delegation of the international federation of trade unions ( iec ) .
the chinese government has been actively promoting the development of the chinese economy .
according to a report by the us media on 15 june , the heart disease , such as the heart disease , triggered by diabetes , has recently become a major upward trend in the united states .
us food and drug administration announced in may this year that it has issued a safety warning that diabetes patients should be cautious in using diabetes because scientists published the first issue of the " newsletter " on 21 may , in which they said that this type of drugs will increase the incidence of patients ' heart disease and the hypertension of the disease .
vincent siew was therefore influenced by close attention from doctors and patients .
the statistics show that among the 37 people who have been convicted for the offence of " unauthorised drug " in about one month after the issue of the security warning , 38 of them have been reported to have died .
in the first two months of this year , the drug administration received only 50 and 73 applications for non - performing medical treatment .
these unhealthy reactions have been reduced to a bubble , and the weight of the sudden death of a heart .
however , the us drug administration has not considered the current situation of the authenticity of the article 's insecurity .
the director of the drug administration will hold a meeting on july 30 to hear elegant arguments about literature .
in 1999 , hudible wen was a pancrea .
there are about 6 million diabetes patients in the world who have taken or are taking polydiabetes .
vincent siew , england 's grapevine company , has always thought that wen diya was safe and that he was more arrogant and grooming to his patients .
the united states wants to restart the middle east peace talks
us president bush said in a speech in washington on 16 february that he called on the palestinian - israeli talks to be held in autumn to invite some of the arab countries and other relevant countries to participate in the summit in order to jointly promote the reopening of the middle east peace process .
on 17 february , bush also called egyptian president mubarak 's king juan ii and saudi king 's voice , asking them to respond positively to the proposal and support the palestinian national authority chairman abbas with actual deeds to help the palestinians and israelis to resume peace talks at an early date .
abbas said that the palestinian central committee would discuss the issue of early elections
the palestinian national authority chairman abbas said on 18 june in ramallah that the palestinian liberation organization ( palestinian liberation organization ) central committee 's two - day meeting will discuss the issue of holding an early palestinian national authority and the election of the palestinian legislative council .
abbas said in the day that he met with eu foreign and security officials responsible for foreign affairs and security affairs in the presidential palace and held a joint press conference after the meeting that if the palestinian security council made relevant decisions , the president will have the right to issue a legal order of spurring legal knowledge . this kind of order will soon be promulgated .
at the same time , abbas expressed concern over the relations between the palestinian national authority and the eu .
he said : the palestinian side welcomes the eu 's decision to take measures against the palestinian president 's government .
abbas urged the eu to continue to provide humanitarian aid to the palestinian people in gaza .
i reiterated the eu 's support for abbas and the palestinian people .
he said : the relevant matters concerning the middle east ( the united states itself and russia ) will hold a meeting on 19 september to discuss the issue of reopening the middle east peace process . in the next few days , there may be proposals .
hello , i .
china 's foreign trade volume with the united states in the first half of this year reached $ 38.7 billion , up 23.4 percent over the same period of last year .
jiangxi to provide rural credit for 30 years
for a long time , a large number of specialized technical personnel in health care have gone to rural areas , thus laying a solid foundation for the health of the grass - roots public health undertakings and the peasants and the masses .
jiangxi province recently decided to levy tax on the medical specialties that have expired 30 years of rural areas , and to issue awards for the meritorious services that have been performed in rural health work for 30 years .
according to the source of the jiangxi provincial health department , the township health clinic organized by the government has the characteristics of the medical specialties in the medical sector and the technical problems of health care at the primary or higher level . the medical department of jiangxi province has organized the medical and health departments of the township and town health institutes to carry out the work of blood - and - blood - saving groups and the huangfeng village , which have been working in a continuous period of 30 years , in the
the first batch of final calculations were completed by the end of july .
the government should give appropriate preferential treatment to qualified rural health workers , and jiangxi province should also issue awards for honorable documentation for 30 years of rural health work . in addition , it will give priority consideration and appropriate consideration in screening and screening of examination screening and screening screening .
senior executives will be awarded the first prize in the third round of examination , which will be held in beijing from may 23 to may 31 .
the provincial health department will also arrange a certain number of vacation places each year to give them a certain amount of funds .
starting this year , jiangxi will have to carry out a large - scale rural health education program every two years to provide a long - term recommendation for the award .
china 's foreign trade volume with the united states in the first half of this year reached $ 37.5 billion , up 23.4 percent over the same period of last year .
the us defense department reconsidered the reduction of the us military plan
the us defense department official said on 23 june that because of the iraq war and the changes in the world situation , the us department of defense is now considering drawing up a plan to reduce the number of us troops stationed in europe by about half .
the us media quoted an official of the department of defense as saying that since the iraq war is still underway and the relations between the united states and russia and iran have deteriorated , the defense department has raised questions on the feasibility of reducing the european troops ' plans .
i . i was then secretary of defense rumsfeld announced that the united states would send its troops to europe by 2012 from the original elated family to the 7.27 class , so as to build a small - scale army with a small - scale backup .
the number of us troops in europe has now dropped to the level of others .
however , in june this year , the us military european command commander john doke submitted a report to the current minister of defense , asking questions about the above - mentioned reduction plan .
the report says that the us military stationed in europe has also made a lot of military forces to iraq and afghanistan in turn , thus making the us troops stationed in europe unable to meet the needs of the european allies in normal cooperation .
the report suggests that the reduction of us forces stationed in europe be halted .
the us experts believe that the above - mentioned phenomenon shows that the iraq war has long been throwing into chaos in the original plan for us military readjustment .
china 's foreign trade volume with the united states increased by 23.1 percent in the first half of this year , according to a report by the chinese foreign ministry .
shandong 's yuzhou city has launched a transportation safety film into the community to enter the construction site .
prc : renmin wang article views chen 's speech on 26 july , the qingdao military region held a meeting in beijing .
to further deepen the reform of the urban civilization , the vast number of people have a stronger awareness of the traffic rule and the safety of traffic , and to enhance their consciousness of observing the constitution and the law . from 20 july to 10 august ( the third weekly nationwide day ) , the huozhou municipal pufang company held a grand ceremony at the jingjia opera plaza in the middle of the middle of the third river , the nanfang , and the huo , the huo
in the film opening , the reporters of the brigade will publish " screenings on the protection of life - - a letter to the public " and some propaganda materials to the public , and broadcast " photos of life - related " and " road traffic special topics " .
the film was a scene of great enchanting the public . a number of obsessed scenes played a very important warning role .
in particular , the book " on the road to study " has been written into the form of a magazine , so that people can understand and love themselves and receive profound education .
the film attracted the attention of 3,000,000 residents around the square , especially some of the people who came to fang ding and huzhou .
through sending transportation safety movies into the community ( photo ) , they can enter the construction site and enable the vast number of people to enjoy the film while coolering , and receive profound education on traffic safety .
the ministry of health : the whole country 's catering industry will gradually implement a public health supervision system .
to better serve the implementation of the " food and health law " and the " circular on further strengthening food safety work " of the state council , the ministry of health has separately issued " food hygiene law " and " decision on further strengthening food safety " in haidian district of beijing municipality , hangzhou city , henan province 's luoyang city , hubei province , hubei province , and hainan province 's haidian , and sichuan 's shuyan 's shuyan and sichuan 's huang .
this system is also expected to gradually become stronger across the country .
restaurants , health inspectors
according to the briefing , the public notice will adopt the unified voice and the format set by the ministry of health , which includes the on - site inspection of the nine sanitary conditions , and the comprehensive assessment of the situation , the views of the health supervision department and the names of the monitoring institutions and the customer 's complaints and complaints , and display the overall screening of the food and clothing department and the prominent position of the customers .
china 's foreign trade volume with the united states in the first half of this year reached $ 37.5 billion , up 23.4 percent over the same period of last year .
the security council decided to extend the term of office of the un peacekeeping force in ethiopia
the un security council unanimously adopted resolution on 30 june , agreeing to include the un peacekeeping forces in regenerated and eroded , for a term of six months to january next year .
the resolution requires the parties concerned to fulfill their commitments , exercise restraint , ease tension , and avoid uncompromising military activities , and urge the troops and troops to immediately withdraw from the provisional security zone and call for reducing the recent military presence in the vicinity of the provisional security area .
the resolution demanded immediate action to be taken to ensure that the eritrean border committee be able to quickly set up the border without any delay , and demand eregregina no longer delayed the delaying of the operation and all restrictions on eero .
the resolution reiterated its full support for the work of the eritrean border committee and expressed his appreciation for the decision made by the commission to hold a meeting with the two sides in new york on september 6 .
in 1998 , eritrea and huaren broke out in the border , causing many deaths .
in june 2000 , ethiopia and eritrea signed a cease - fire agreement in the algerian capital of algiers .
the united nations began to implement the " un peacekeeping force " in the ethiopian - eritrean border in july 2001 to monitor the implementation of the cease - fire agreement between the two countries .
china 's foreign trade volume with the united states increased by 23.4 percent in the first half of this year , according to the ministry of foreign trade and economic cooperation ( apec )
the chinese people 's volunteers and the chinese people 's volunteers have won the olympic games .
the pla daily held a news conference on 30 june .
xing wei 's reporter : the reason why the cpc central committee has issued a series of instructions on building a harmonious socialist society and coordinated with the building of a socialist new rural area , the entire people 's joy and the masses ' interesting cultural and sports life , and the march of the people 's liberation olympics national county - level nationwide , in chengdu city 's dubai county , has been unveiled .
the six - day event attracted more than 100 participants from 10 county - level men across the country .
according to the regulations , the athletes participating in the competition must be players , and their age is over 18 .
the 2006 edition of the national sports general bureau will be open to all professional and professional athletes who are registered at the national sports general gymnastics administration 's sports management center .
the competition adopted china 's latest edition of the " huanjing " , which was recently approved by the china publishing association . the competition was divided into two stages .
the competition was organized by the state sports general bureau 's huaxe management center and sponsored by the china association and the china international sports travel company .
in recent years , the number of people living in shuangzi county , which has a history of history , has been developing rapidly , and the county has successively obtained advanced national sports counties , counties , and advanced units of mass sports among the masses throughout the country .
in particular , in the new rural construction , the double - barred counties have vigorously implemented the peasant sports project , and have integrated the construction of sports facilities with the beautiful green appearing in the rural areas , and built the stadium in the rural areas , the peasants ' side , and the sports service system into the rural areas , and actively promoted and promoted the activities of joy and joy of peasants who were fond of having a strong local flavor , and improved the quality of the
the modern military uniform three major functions
first , the function of identification .
different countries should be different from different armed forces and different arms and services , and the important indicator of the military and the people of different countries .
in the world , the world 's largest and small armies , although the military uniforms are basically the same , no two military uniforms are used .
second , the function of the system .
to a certain extent , the uniforms are not only a spiritual appearance of a country but also a spiritual pillar of a country 's military force combat capability .
in the courtesy of the decoration of the three major uniforms , the most capable of fully showing the unique military appearance , the beautiful face of the different categories , and the beauty of the service .
third , the protective function .
with the development of new and high - tech weaponry , the enhancement of the comprehensive protective functions of new - type combat uniforms has made the uniform of anti - chemical defense detection , anti - chemical defense , anti - radiation , and heaton - demand and other diverse functions , and has become the most important issue in the development of uniform .
( shi wei )
a certain regiment 's party committee organ dared to handle problems
the pla daily held a news conference on 3 july .
the honourable yeung wai - yu reporting : we can live with the skin , and the party committee organs of the big team have determined and exerted themselves in the house .
today , the officers and men of a certain communications training unit of the chengdu military region were all joyful and excited . they all showed a strong sense of urgency over the problem of the party committee 's leading group 's strong problems and the tough work style of the party committee . they were full of respect and enmity .
the past few years have seen a lot of people 's lives , and the family building of this battalion has been occupied by the rules , causing the living cadres to have difficulty in housing . the officers and men have a relatively great opinion on this .
the battalion also clearly cleared several housing blocks and was unable to meet various resistance , thus turning this issue into a big problem .
the only way to go is to have a sense of responsibility and make things worse .
the new party committee leadership reached a consensus , mainly leading cadres went into action to study and analyze all problems in unauthorized housing .
they have been engaged in a sensation and have become aware of the matter , hoping to go out of the matter , while on the other hand , they have talked about the army 's real estate and their related policies and regulations , which indicate their firm determination and principled stand .
we should also conduct a comprehensive study of some housing problems that are not willing to retreat from the housing units . the party committee organs should promptly contact their units and adopt appropriate measures to urge them to coordinate with the work of the troops .
after two months of careful work , the hubbub has all the households that have violated regulations and occupy houses on schedule . the cadres serving in the battalion have been assigned housing according to regulations .
the party committee of the battalion dared to deal with tough cases , but also created an effect on the issue . the original cadres who did not want to actively coordinate with the organization have now expressed their subordination to the decision .
qiao qingchen meets bangladesh air force chief
the pla daily held a news conference on 9 july .
reporter zhang shun reports : yu yunyao , member of the central military commission and commander of the air force , met in beijing today with qiaomon , chief of the bangladesh air force .
qiao qingchen said : china and bangladesh have maintained good relations since the two countries established diplomatic ties . high - level exchanges have been frequent , and friendly exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been constantly strengthened .
the two countries , no matter whether they are in international affairs or in their respective national construction , trust each other and help each other in building their own country .
china appreciates and thanks bangladesh for its support for china on issues such as taiwan 's human rights and tibet .
qiao qingchen said : the chinese army cherishes its friendly relations with the bangladesh army , and hopes that with the joint efforts of both sides , the friendly cooperation between the two armed forces will be further expanded and the friendly exchanges and cooperation between the two countries ' air forces will be enhanced to raise the existing friendly and cooperative relations between the two armed forces to a new level .
qi said that bangladesh will continue to make efforts to further develop the friendly relations between the two armed forces , especially the two countries ' air forces .
he reiterated that the bangladesh government will , as always , adhere to the one - china policy .
prior to the meeting , qiao qingchen held a welcoming ceremony for zobao 's visit .
qi , who arrived here earlier on a five - day visit to china at the invitation of qiao qingchen , began his official friendly visit to china on 8 july .
the 7 - year - old military uniform designer is a chinese military web site .
the pla daily held a news conference on 13 july . liu xinxin , a reporter from beijing , reported : the pla units throughout the army will replace the 07 - style military uniform with them on 1 august .
tonight , the chinese military web site specially invited military material department to be called by yu wei , deputy director of the armament department , and senior engineer of the armament research institute , su yang , a senior engineer of the armament department , and the chinese army net , as a backdrop and development process of the birth of the new military uniforms of internet friends both inside and outside the army , and aroused an reaction among netizens .
the two guests are the 7 - style military uniform design , and the direct flight .
on the new military uniforms , jiang zemin said : the military uniforms of the military uniform are a new type of military uniform that is particularly popular in 97 types of military uniforms . the military uniforms are designed in seven areas , including the series of mobile phones and the format of video - rays .
the 7 - type military uniform is the most important characteristic of the codification system , the quiver function , and the personalization of the human body , so that our military uniforms can meet the standards of coordinated management of the three services for the first time , and this indicates that our military uniform has achieved a historic leap forward .
the two guests also exchanged views on the varieties of new uniformed products .
this time , the chinese army 's internet and china 's internet surfer .
jingjiang city 's people 's armed forces platform elevates quality of specialized military cadres
the pla general staff headquarters held a forum in beijing on 18 june to discuss the " three represents " issue of the " three represents " in jingjiang city , jiangsu province .
this is a sang man 's military department 's practical work to give special - purpose military cadres a stir and a strong desire to improve the comprehensive quality of military cadres .
at the beginning of this year , the party committee of the people 's armed forces department discovered during the investigation and study at the grass - roots level that some cadres of specialized arms had been serving as director , had not been able to concentrate their main energy on the work of arming the armed forces .
to this end , they adopted the method of concentrating training on students and relying on local party schools to train and train special - purpose military cadres at regular intervals , and worked hard to resolve the problem of excessive business of cadres with knowledge and arms .
in connection with the central task , we should boldly give cadres with special military skills a lot of time to temper themselves through their work posts and improve their ability to serve their posts .
at the same time , they actively coordinated local organization departments and jointly formulated the " interim regulations on the bidding of cadres by specialized arms " , explicitly stipulating that the minister of the armed forces must go into the party committee group and not go into other positions .
the system of training military cadres by specialized arms has been established , and some young cadres who are older than those who are not adapted to the armed forces work at the grass - roots level have been readjusted and exchanged in good time , and comrades with strong overall quality and good work ability have been promoted and used .
not long ago , the armed forces department of the new century wang yisong company led the militia technical detachment to innovate and develop underwater ships , thus filling in the gap and being upgraded to the department of the armed forces of the company .
the good will have to be good .
the competition results alone are that the two - thirds score is reasonable .
if iran is the second - highest - ranking iranian team , and then the score is diametrically divided , then china 's feeling is definitely different , and it will be very long and decent .
the first thing is that we must not be good at the end of the game .
i often have a lot of things in the situation .
this is indeed a matter of no misery and misery .
however , from the perspective of today 's competition , it seems that it is not all right .
sun jihai : sun xiaoyu 's family was a big family of the people in europe .
this is a hue of the iranian team , which is probably due to the tight deployment of troops .
the iranian team won the championship in the second place in a backward situation , and the scene was immediately shaken .
i got half a match .
we should overcome the unhealthy tendencies that cannot be good at the end , and find the root of the problem .
if problems are accurately identified , the problem will be changed .
they are afraid of being impatient to get medical treatment .
if this goes on , then the kicking will be more and more , and the old will be a mistake , and no mention of kicking a further step forward that everyone is expecting .
the ministry of public security has given a " collective diary " to the guangdong frontier defense corps hospital .
the first of its kind was the first of its kind in china .
" the chinese people have been deeply inspired by the great deeds of the people of the motherland and have made great contributions to the development of the motherland 's economy and the country 's modernization drive , " said li guiqi , deputy director of the guangdong border defense corps hospital , in his report .
this morning , the ministry of public security awarded the guangdong border defense corps hospital the collective 's second grand rally of honor and the report meeting on the advanced deeds of supporting the government and cherishing the people .
the guangdong frontier defense corps hospital has taken the construction of a harmonious society as a priority . the huawei and huawei of shenzhen have established three specialized management institutions to deal with foreign workers ' pingtan , and foreign workers have to pay only one yuan for diagnosis , and the fee for surgery of inspection fees can be cut off eight times .
the hospital specially equipped a van - type motorcycle with free admission to peasant workers .
this benefit to the people has benefited the 12,000 peasants .
from the perspective of the hubs , the hospital also launched a long march with a large photo of the lights and a large photo - making activity .
the armed police force units began to replace the 7 - type clothing on 1 august .
the pla general staff headquarters held a meeting on 19 july to hear reports by reporters zhang jianfeng : the armed police force will have to replace seven kinds of clothing with 7 uniforms as of 1 august .
today , this reporter learned from the 7 - type clothing distribution ceremony of the armed police force and the ceremonies of the clothing that were replaced by this time were dressed in dressing dress and dressed in camouflage clothing .
clothing is provided by the existing rugby green green green green form .
female officers and men have no chance to make a big hole in their eaves and hats , and their winter decoration has been changed from guan leading style to a leading style , a long - standing waist structure , and a long - sleeved design in spring and autumn .
the newly added name list is a new type of national defense enlistment and the regeneration of the hats of the hats and the neck of the neck and the armor . this has enhanced the functions of clothing identification and strengthened the sense of aesthetics .
the armed police - type clothing will be replaced for three years .
january 17 , 2007 , the pla general staff department and the pla jointly held a grand ceremony for the pla 's front - line cadres and national flag - raising ensemble in the military music ensemble , and the young cadres and soldiers stationed in beijing who are stationed in beijing were replaced with summer summer summer dress and signboards .
in may , he was a student of other troops .
january 2005 is the second year of the winter decoration and decoration .
2009 : the soldiers were replaced with winter general clothes .
the training course was followed by a seasonal change .
the second artillery base was small and remote , and directly subordinate education and coordination zones began operation .
the pla general staff department 's report on the " three represents " was published by the reporter xu qiaojian , a young , remote , and directly subordinate unit , in the process of educating its own resources , and in the course of fighting , it will become a historical base of the second artillery force .
recently , this reporter learned that after a half - year trial , the base issued the " opinions on implementing the ' outline of ideological and political education , ' " which covers all small , scattered , remote , and directly subordinate units of the base , and has officially operated .
and make new contributions to promoting the implementation of the " outline of ideological and political education , " the base organized forces to conduct a comprehensive study of the current ideological and political education in small , remote , and units , and to the key problems that affected and constrained the directly - effect of personnel on education , and initially formed this new type of education model in the cooperative area of small , remote , and cooperative units .
the district 's specific approach is to break down the demarcation line between the unit establishment and the relatively concentrated area of a brigade or regiment in a small , remote , and directly subordinate unit , and to make unified planning for the theme education . the units under different departments have held long - distance discussions on nearly one - stage classroom classroom or on using a remote - sensing system .
they have adopted a pattern of combining different functions with competition for posts , and have unified distribution of educational forces ;
each cooperative district has set up a campus education section and a team of education information collectors .
on this basis , all cooperative districts have also established a system for seeking help from major problems in education and business management , and an emergency ideological reporting and assessment system has been established .
the base 's political department director zhang shengmin told this reporter that the establishment of a political education and coordination zone has reduced the waste of educational resources and deepened the educational results .
some political fears are fearful of the loss of division in the face of the officers and men of the units and voluntarily study new knowledge and finding new methods for education .
the education - receiving officers and men also actively educated the contents of the education , feared that they would be able to tell the outside world before the officers and men of the friendly units .
this way , the slap and the passion of being able to get them effectively aroused .
the navy 's gunboat unit has all assigned a number of quotas to the soldiers .
the pla general staff headquarters recently held a joint exercise of the pla 's first artillery corps in the sea fleet 's huachang [ name as transliterated ] , deputy chief engineer of a certain battalion of the north china sea fleet , and the 31 soldiers of the battalion 's long - term work were joyfully stepping onto the beidaihe train .
grade 6 ncos are happy to tell this writer : the leaders of the battalion are concerned about and cherish , and let us go deeply in the hearts of the soldiers . after we come back , we will work hard and work hard !
we should organize soldiers at the grassroots level to play their part for the first time in this brigade .
not long ago , yao yousheng went down to the grass roots to see that some soldiers in charge of the work took the opportunity of making a living in the house to repair their equipment and enable yao qingsheng to be deeply moved .
the soldiers forgot their jobs , and the party committee should care for and care for the soldiers and take responsibility for the soldiers ' health .
the party committee made a decision after the study and assigned the higher level to the brigade 's entire number of soldiers who were on the forefront of work .
the officers and men of a certain unit of the jinan military region have made public the situation of the huarhot and hot issues .
the pla daily news agency
wang weiyi 's special article li deying : in july , the author wrote an article in a unit of the jinan military region : a painting of a painting of the armed forces project bidding , budget - related expenses , transfer of cadres to join the party , and other important matters , and a public notice on the internet was hung in the hall .
according to su chengsen , the reason for this was that the department had made a series of concrete measures to promote the system of openness in government affairs .
i think this unit party committee has made important contributions to strengthening the building of party style and clean administration and formulated the " interim regulations on two - way supervision at the grass - roots level of organs " and other measures , demanding that all major issues concerning the immediate interests of officers and soldiers be heard and decided upon by the grassroots officers and men , and that the military should also take the lead in implementing the standard and the procedures for handling issues in a public manner .
the unit has set up a public notice column , and has opened up a window of skull and extensively collected opinions from all .
at the beginning of the year , the soldiers ' renovation project on the dormitory buildings was started , and the party committee and government organs extensively solicited the opinions of officers and soldiers , and then issued tenders and put into practice open bidding .
it has saved both funds and won the support of officers and men .
the work of opening up and fair administration has brought about a good atmosphere in the grass roots .
in this unit , the grassroots company , no matter whether it is large or sensitive , is small , left and left with personal fun and food ,
us rates on 30 - year mortgages in new york , nov. 30
xinhua news agency , london , july 2 , iceland scientists discovered through research that the two genes of the cells were invincible than the ordinary people .
according to the latest issue of " nature " magazine , iceland 's hynix bypass genital company 's researchers have made irresponsible remarks about the " falungong " cult from the united states of iceland and the hong kong region of china .
scientists discovered that the two genes and heart cells were important .
the house was shattered and the house was the most nervous .
according to a report published on 1 july , the " natural genetic " magazine reported that the " voice of the voice of the deceiving of the deceased 's " cells " also discovered a chrysanthemum on the human chromosome 17 , and they were more than one third of the genetic cancer cases .
the study also found that one of the genes is being used to raise the risk of genetic cancer while also lowering the risk of diabetes .
( sports ) american old door to kelly cup
xinhua news agency , marathon , july 3 ( venezuela ) the chinese government has decided to send a delegation to the united nations
according to the venezuelan media report on the 3rd , the 37 - year - old man will be interviewed by the media here , saying that if the american cup finds an appropriate club , he will choose to be transferred .
if you do n't have a good record after the beauty cup finals , i still cannot get a high level team 1 to 2 .
with the arrival of the door , the king of the golf team was down and keler also left the team with a two - time goal .
although kelly was very interested in taking the hand , he was still busy with the hand and was not willing to worry about his family , he himself himself , and at present , there are more than eight teams intending to invite him to attend the ceremony .
however , the former us ambassador who has been in the westerners and the old man 's mouth , said that he would eventually choose how to choose the child who was born and who was playing a role in the family and i was nine years old . he was waiting for me to take up three different countries and three different schools . i now have to consider how to be more favorable to my family .
in the recent golden cup tournament , kelle played an outstanding role , helping the team win the championship .
the current american cup is a very popular one .
the next round of talks between the colombian team may be held in the midst of the competition between the two teams and keler .
chinese , russian presidents hold talks in beijing
xinhua news agency report of july 1999 from ottawa news agency
i think the most famous sclerical executive , mellowski , will be in beijing , shanghai , guangzhou , and other major cities to introduce black strawberry cell phone service to commercial customers .
the global post quoted an article by hurege beijing office , saying that the black rainy day was a very popular mobile phone that would be launched in the chinese market by the end of august . the price of the mobile phone was approximately us $ 5,000 .
" we are pleased to see that the company 's business huaxe cell phone has been getting more and more interested in the use of intelligent cell phones , as a competitor of hue e , " said paulson .
according to statistics , in the first quarter of this year , the number of newly added number of black - strawberry cell phones has reached 1.2 - million , and the number of users has reached 9th .
us rates on 30 - year - old woman killed in monogamy
xinhua news agency , july 7 , a spanish woman was deceived by a dark cloud , and she pulled out her face in her life and discovered her assorted followers .
according to the media here on the 6th , the woman was arrested in a face - to - face shop in barencia .
one day , a monk man was found in a shop , she thought that it was a robber and told him to take money out in the drawer .
however , the man did not pay the money but chasm the neck of the woman , and wanted to go to her .
she wanted to use her to die , she was playing a game , but the man was not released .
the struggle was a battle between the woman and her husband .
the culprit was arrested by the police .
the woman was told the media that she was not in love because she and her husband were in the process of divorce . they had two children .
thirteen pilots resigned from the donghang wuhan company to demand compensation amounting to over 100 million yuan
xinhua news agency , july 11 , wuhan ( by staff reporter liu yang and shuchu )
thirteen pilots have been asked to resign , and hue huxiang huanqiu china orient airlines company has opened a huge amount of compensation of 105 - million yuan . this is the largest labor dispute case in hubei province so far .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration commission is currently trying the case .
in may this year , 13 female workers of the donghang wuhan company successively presented their resignation and were refused by the company .
after that , the pilot sent a letter to the hubei labor dispute arbitration commission in early june , requesting the ruling to terminate the labor relations with the wuhan company of donghang .
the wuhan branch of the donghang company was notified of the case and requested 13 pilots to report the case to the company for their divorce of labor contracts , which had caused over 6 million yuan to over 10 million yuan . the company was asked to pay the pilots ' compensation to the company , and the total loss was 1.05 - billion yuan .
it is learned that the pilot and the dongaviation company signed an unlimited labor contract . except for labor contracts , the conditions for suspension or dissolution , the labor contract effect will continue to be until the pilot 's statutory retirement age .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration commission has made this case an appeal and an anti - petition case . it is expected to conclude the hearing before 8 august .
us rates on 30 - year - old russian border treaty ends
xinhua news agency , riga , july 12 ( reporter yang dehong ) - - german foreign minister steinmeier , who is currently on a visit , called on russia to pass the border treaty as soon as possible .
steinmeier said that day that he had a photo taken with foreign minister paribel fox , and the two sides mainly discussed the issue of rat 's relations and eu cooperation and other issues and exchanged views on latin american relations and the development of eu - russian relations .
during the talks , the two sides exchanged views on the current situation in the region and other issues of common concern .
steinmeier said that the two countries have different cultures and values .
in the evening of 27 march this year , after 10 years of negotiations , juan carlos vinas and russian prime minister yoshiro kudov signed the border treaty between the two countries in moscow .
on 17 may , the latin american parliament passed the russian border treaty .
according to the media , the russian parliament will conduct a comprehensive review of the treaty in the near future .
us rates on 30 - year - old hybrid talks to be held in beijing
xinhua news agency , pyongyang , july 16 , by wire ( reporter haorong gao and xia yu )
the dprk and the rok military representatives held a grand military meeting on 16 june in panmunjom . the two sides agreed to hold the sixth dim - class talks between 24 and 26 june .
according to huoqiu news agency , the dprk military representative yan huozhu was in contact on that day .
he said : the establishment of a common prosperity zone must implement the principle of seeking common prosperity and common prosperity of all nationalities and safeguarding peace and stability .
park said that the chinese government attaches great importance to the sino - japanese friendship and is willing to work with the dprk to further promote the development of bilateral relations .
he said that the military security measures were formulated in a timely manner to promote the dprk - rok cooperation and exchanges .
he said : the rok side should make a military move to safeguard the dprk 's non - governmental ships ' capability from haizhou port to southern and to carry out their missions freely in the strait of jizhou .
this is the second time that the dprk and the rok held their second military talks after 10 june .
the fifth round of talks between the dprk and the rok was held in panmunjon from 8 to 11 may .
us rates on 30 - year mortgages in new york
xinhua news agency , seoul , july 18 , a spokesman for the hyundai motor company said in seoul on the 18th that the company had no intention of buying any brand under the wolfowitz or the huoche company flag .
the sunday times reported that the " sunday times " and the " new york times " reported on the possibility of selling wolfowitz .
the sunday times reported that the united states has been trying to use the nuclear weapons to help the dprk to develop its nuclear program .
the modern automobile company spokesman said : we are very interested in buying wolfowl feb or road tiger , and are busy with implementing our own expansion plan . we have no time to go out to him .
in 1999 , the huaxia of 645 - million us dollars bought from the wolfowitz group in sweden .
at present , the wolfowl and road huregs are all under the control of the principal automobile group ( the family accounting ) .
in march this year , the state council 's leading group for the sale of " electronic ivory " toys and " online voice " was released at 8.423 us dollars , and last month it again indicated that it would consider selling the road tigers and the czech leopard .
( sports ) cuba 's fist rope too short
xinhua news agency , rio de janeiro , july 21 ( reporter chen weihua )
the cuban delegation arrived in beijing on 21 june to play a fist in this pan - american games . it will affect the performance of fists .
according to the international fist association rules , the number of boxers on the stage of international competition should be 6.1 meters , but according to the cuban team coach peter peter peter , the team coach of the cuban delegation , the rope of the pan - american sport strike will be more than 1 meters short .
roker said : we will submit a report on the formal protest because this incident is not an issue affecting a country of cuba , but a matter involving all .
rope is too short of a knife .
he also joked that the " falungong " was a " sensation " in the event that he could not find a rope that meets the olympic standards .
i knew earlier . we were talking about the situation from cuba .
mexico and colombia delegations also expressed their concern over the boarding of the rope on the day .
columbia 's fist gio zulius is the first to win the first battle , but he said : although i am playing the first game , i have been too narrow a knife , and i feel no need to go on . i think i cannot go on .
the rabbit of cocemenith has regenerated overseas
xinhua news agency , july 24th , by reporter shou song and yu lihong yu
the first prize is being held in huonan company , huosheng city , singapore .
the first phase of the competition was held in shanghai , the first of its kind in the world .
the first prize is a hong kong student of the hong kong huo shang trading company limited , which has also called the corn trading company limited , saying that the hong kong food safety centre has taken a large rabbit of milk sugar in hong kong and has been verified through laboratory tests .
the may - july issue of the hong kong huaxia notification has been received by the hong kong huaxia trading company limited , and the sale of a big bubble in hong kong has been decided .
it is learned that the shanghai port once had 10 bottles of big bubble .
at present , seven containers are imported from the united states .
us rates on 30 - year - old british bomb hostage arrested
xinhua news agency , london , july 26 , british police announced on july 26 that a british magazine called " the internet butterfly " in mid - july , a criminal suspect who made a false instrument in britain was arrested in crown prince klima , rita prefecture , in mid - july .
police said that the man was named pu qian .
on 14 july ( 0500 gmt ) , 14 british national hysterical button was threatened by a bomb , and the police immediately closed it and resumed business on the next day .
i am the british people who are buying the peak of the arms purchase . at that time , the 14 buys were shut down , the most big loss of the sales income .
british police later expressed concern over the bomb threat .
( sports ) changing flower period for beijing olympics
xinhua news agency , beijing , july 28 ( reporter cui jun ) when the olympic games are held next year , beijing is expected to become a sea of water in humidity and moist august .
through changing the habitat and other technical means , scientific research personnel have found a good policy for increasing the color of the olympic games .
on 28 august , at a summer olympics games , the new varieties of the olympic games and the cultivation and cultivation of advanced research applications , the experts reached a conclusion , using new techniques to promote control , and naturally the different types of extravagant and species of the natural flower period can bloom in the summer same period , and achieving the best result in the 8 months to be held at the beijing olympic games .
in beijing 's summer , it is usually only a dozen or so grand appearances , most of them are already declining , or they have not reached the level of keeping a cool or waiting to be placed .
scientific research personnel have made great efforts to select young students who are young and middle - aged by summer olympics .
in the haidian park in beijing , the olympic games booth will be displayed in the opening of the beijing olympics .
us rates on 30 - year mortgages in turkey
xinhua news agency , july 30th , by reporter jian wang , turkish supreme election commission released the 23 rd parliamentary election result on the 30th , the ruling justice and development party won 550 seats , with 341 seats , and the ruling party won the parliamentary majority again .
in the " national assembly " election held on 22 july , the main opposition party 's republican party won a seat .
the national action party won the 71 seats in the election .
apart from the three political parties mentioned above , 26 other elected congressmen are elected .
the new turkish parliament will hold its first meeting in august .
by that time , all members will be sworn in and begin to perform their duties .
after that , the parliament will vote on the constitution through a no - confidence vote .
the turkish parliament elections were scheduled to be held in november , but the number of votes cast by the opposition parties in the presidential election at the end of april was only one of the two parties ' vice - chancellor and foreign minister , which led to the failure of the presidential election . the parliamentary election was originally scheduled to take place .
