white house urges sending nuclear inspectors to oversee north korea 's closure
the white house today called for sending nuclear inspectors to oversee the closing of the nuclear reactor in north korea , and the white house made the call after us president bush and south korean president roh moo - hyun talked over the phone .
white house national security council spokesman cheo said that the two leaders discussed the us - south korea agreement on nuclear issues and the agreement between the united states and south korea on north korea 's nuclear issue , and hoped that the iaea inspectors will soon return to north korea to monitor the stoppage of north korea 's nuclear reactor and close its operation .
cheo pointed out that the two presidents also expressed their dissatisfaction at the signing of the us - rok free trade agreement on the day before yesterday and will work to ensure that the two countries ' congress will approve the agreement .
experts believe that in the past 20 years , pyongyang has been able to produce 12 nuclear weapons .
the special envoy to the six - party talks , hill , last week , said after pyongyang , that he expected the nanning nuclear reactor would be closed in mid - july .
the rainy and rainy weather in western india killed 43
india 's western region suffered a rainstorm on weekend , and some areas were flooded . the western city of yinchuan , which was blocked by domestic and foreign routes .
the rescue officials said today that the secret of the man was caused by the explosion .
the annual number of winds is expected to reach the highest level in the world , which is a country with a population of 1100 million , which is usually caused by flooding and even caused casualties .
this time , half of the victims in the courtyard were drowned by floods , while others were killed by the burial or the armed cloud .
the financial center of india was also affected .
in the 29 march alone , the troops were reduced to 43 centimeters .
chief executive ( bazarak ) said that only 13 people died in the mess .
city government officials called on people to come to the embrace of the police before the rainy weather is slightly downward to safeguard their own security .
yesterday , the rain was slightly interrupted , most of the areas were still flooded .
indian flood drops nearly 500
according to reports by officials and the media , india 's heavy rain caused this year has climbed to 4:00 people .
the indian news trust quoted a government official as saying that kadan , who is in charge of reconstruction work , has recently entered the city one after another , causing casualties and economic losses in various places . the only thing that happened in the city of lashi , the first largest city in india , is now known to have reached 3:00 people .
the report said that qadan was visiting the media when he inspected the site .
he said : at the same time , india 's largest cotton production site , the country 's lashtra province , with 27 cities and towns , including the yinchuan river , suffered serious flooding , and over 10,000 disaster victims were escaped safely .
india has been moving from the south to the north one week ago . various provincial residents have been holding long drought and wandering in the rain . however , they have not expected the rain to come out .
the wimbledon network race george koez abandoned the game nadar in the final .
the spanish red turtle king today wrote a letter to the men of the fourth men 's singles in wenbu , saying that the battle between the two sides was not able to be injured and then fought , because of the injury , the nepalese team would enter the final . it will compete with the french champion , the world champion , fei deduan , who is in the world cup in switzerland , in the battle of the french tiger , in the battle of the
speaking at the 16 th round of the tournament , georgovic called on security guards to treat the wounded while he was on the way to the third match . he was burned by the river during the third stage . he also asked security personnel to receive medical treatment . later , he was consciously unable to take the initiative to fight again and decided to abandon the game .
the fourth seed georgovic race , which was originally 3 - 6 , was four times higher than one lead by one .
besides kurdish killer 's early start of the match , he was in a hot position and was in the first stage of the battle , but the second stage of the battle was the leading one .
satellite shows that the tapping tunnel in iran is likely to be a protective umbrella
the us think tank 's institute of science and international security said today that commercial satellites show that iran is currently developing a nuclear bomb in a tunnel near the uranium enrichment facility in nagoran . it may be aimed at protecting nuclear equipment when it comes under air raids .
these are the " enemy " of the united states ( the united states ) , which is located in the united states ( the name of the name of " the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the " guang " ( the name of the name of " the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the " the name of
the research institute is located in washington , where it is a non - profit research group .
according to the secret , the us military had only a small distance from the side of the mountain to the south of the tanzania facility , and the facility was a uranium enrichment factory .
analysts , albright , and brutnan , in a report , pointed out that the import of the tunnel in hannan was not clear , but the road of the river seemed to be connected to a tunnel facility , and another road might also be the thoroughfare leading to the tunnel .
they said : a small pole of the tunnel in the mountains will be blocked in the air raids .
un envoy to hold nuclear talks on iran
the united nations ' deputy director of the iaea , hanning , held talks with iranian officials in a bid to once again resolve the stalemate in iran 's nuclear program .
however , iranian president ahmadinejad has been on the alert for further sanctions at the united nations .
ahmadinejad 's claim that iran will not stop uranium enrichment , but he welcomed the latest talks .
he said : the incoming ones can slow down or speed up , which is an issue of implementation , but no one should expect us to give up our rights and we will not stop this trend .
he was arrested at the airport after arriving in haixin .
the purpose of haining 's trip is to formulate a plan to resolve iran 's nuclear program .
the united nations failed to freeze uranium enrichment activities because it failed to impose two sanctions on iran .
the iranian news agency reported that hallen and iran 's supreme national security council were in charge of international affairs assistant president vadi .
the iranian meeting group also includes deputy chairman of the atomic energy organization [ iaea ] , deputy chairman of the organization , and ambassador to the iaea , solana niyye .
the palestinian prime minister 's office will be in the prime minister 's office
the palestinian authority 's cloud of the gaza strip for one month was brought into operation today , with prime minister fayyad temporarily asking for his resignation , but immediately took charge of the new government .
the ministry of agriculture and social affairs , khabihir , told afp that prime minister yawer , who has made his resignation to abbas , accepted by the chairman , also asked him to be in charge of handling the daily - to - day cabinet government .
abbas 's mummer told afp that fattouard had made his resignation , while abbas ordered him to carry out his current duties until he was sworn in by the new government .
the respected economists and scholars , fattard , only expressed his resignation , but the preface was not shaken .
french and german presidents have been in charge of the palestinian emergency cabinet since 17 january , responsible for implementing the palestinian - israeli peace order after the clashes between the two sides .
according to the basic law of the palestinian autonomous government , the people 's republic of china has not been approved by the parliament for more than 30 days , but the current self - rule parliament is paralyzed .
the authorization of the emergency government is expired today .
wto delegates propose new case - breaking session to break the impasse of doha round negotiations
the main wto negotiators today proposed that the united states drastically reduce its agricultural subsidies , and developing countries have substantially reduced import tariffs on industrial products , thus breaking the impasse of the doha round of trade talks .
the official said that the new method of application requires that the united states ' subsidies for agriculture be reduced from the current $ 1/$ 120 million to $ 2 million , and the developing countries will reduce the tariffs on imports of industrial products to below the threshold .
these proposals are aimed at breaking the deadlock over the last six years of the doha round negotiations and helping wto members reach agreement .
the wto secretary general , who claimed that these proposals were aimed at achieving a balance of vision and a fair and rational basis for a development - oriented agreement .
lamy said : the opposition parties do not have complete satisfaction with the contents of the proposal , but the current problem of discriminatory nature is less than the issue of reaching consensus .
he called on the government to hold intensive talks in the next few weeks .
the earthquake had an impact on the production of the japanese car mill or the suitcase .
japan 's earthquake starts on sunday
japan 's mascot encountered a strong earthquake of 6.8 magnitude , and the automobile parts & engine company , therefore forced the suspension of operation of the tokyo mount area , which affected the production of the vehicle plant .
the world 's most popular car dealer , a female spokesman , said that by tonight until 21 april , domestic automobile production will be suspended .
a japanese - made spokesman said that starting from next day until 23 april , japan 's three factories , including japan 's three factories , will suspend some production and will reevaluate the situation on weekends .
he said that both factories have two different lines of operation , one of which will affect the company 's next month .
suzuki said that the three days starting tomorrow will be suspended for some production and the japanese fuji men company , which produces the handu car , will also suspend production of small cars starting tomorrow and will evaluate the situation on the 21st .
the car said that it might suspend some of the parts of the fuel supply next week .
the earthquake caused at least 10 deaths and induced injuries , and hundreds of houses were buried in the disaster area .
the reason why the kickbacks were cancelled in indonesia
today , he said that as hong kong 's rush to buy shares in hong kong had caused a loss earlier this month , indonesia has cancelled the sale of british bag of environmental protection .
the indonesian plaza in the high consumption zone , which is a bachelor of the suite of the suzuki , said : because of the incident in hong kong , we cancel the activities of the environmental bags on the market .
if the people want to make a report of 140,000 rupees ( about nt $ 4000 ) , then the bathing in the bajiao is not worth it .
hong kong people gathered in the sales house on the 6th to prepare to buy a " no - fly " jewelry designed by british house nyni qidi . the designs printed on me are not the environmental - friendly bags of the bag . however , the proximity of the shop refused to touch the idea and triggered a panacea .
this model , which is designed to replace the neonzes of environmental - protection calls , did not expect to be seen in london and new york overnight , which triggered a purchase , auction of the website eyevy prices several times .
the only one who has the right to sell the goods in indonesia was the suite of the duan , he said he did not confirm whether it would sell them several days later .
the crisis of hostage was brought to trial by south korea .
afghan hostage hostage hostage hostage 23 , and set the deadline for today , demanding south korea to withdraw its troops from afghanistan , otherwise the hostage will be killed .
with the passage of time by one minute , the situation has developed positively , and south korean officials held talks with the organizations of the movement for the first time today .
however , at the same time , the organization said that another german hostage who was kidnapped was very weak , and began to fall into the mire and lost their consciousness .
he called on germany and south korea to withdraw troops from afghanistan and demanded that these hostages be exchanged for 33 afghan guerrillas detained by the afghan government .
masahdi , spokesman for the house , told afp on the phone at a location where he was not sure , that he was directly contacting south korean representatives through the tribes .
amadi said : we hope that the talks will produce results .
the local time evening ( taiwan time ) , at 10.30 pm , was the last deadline , and the time would start killing south korean hostages .
the exhibition has been extended for two times .
it is hard to reach a consensus on maritime dispute over the korean peninsula , and the rok - rok military talks dispersed .
because of the lack of understanding of the division of maritime boundaries , the three - day high - level military talks between the two koreas and the two koreas were dispersed today .
in the border city of panmunjon , the talks entered the final day of the agenda today . north korea 's chief representative kim jong - chol [ jin rongze ] said : we have come to a conclusion , and we no longer need these talks without results .
when the red face was raised , the gold gladly face attacked south korea , deliberately clying the border of the new area in order to replace the original northern line discussion .
he said that the northern line was not legal .
the fengyun northern line , which is located in the northern border , is the us military 's only military base after the korean war ended in 1953 . however , it has become the focus of controversy between the two koreas in recent years , and north korea has even refused to admit it .
north korea said south korea had entered the waters and caused tension , south korea said it was not justified .
the local waters broke out in june 1999 , causing dozens of north koreans to come to the river .
in june 2002 , similar clashes again occurred , and six south koreans were unmistakably ill .
us treasury secretary arrives in china for environmental protection and exchange rate
us treasury secretary powell arrived in china yesterday for a visit , and the united states is now making every effort to persuade china to further carry out the necessary economic reform and environmental protection work , especially the issue of the renminbi exchange rate , which has attracted much attention .
us diplomats said that paulson went to china 's northwest province of xixia , a major province in northwest china , for a visit .
china currently has the most xi'an lake near the most chungshan lake , carrying out a series of environmental protection plans .
paulson , who is on a visit to beijing today , discussed with the chinese officials in charge the progress of the sino - us strategic economic dialogue , which started last year .
the us - china strategic economic dialogue mainly discussed economic and environmental protection issues , and the most important thing is the rmb exchange rate issue . us congressmen believe that the renminbi is overvalued .
the us - china trade deficit is rising rapidly , and pressure within the united states is gradually rising , and congressmen are preparing to take retaliatory actions to oppose their so - called china unfair trade policy .
last week , the us senate finance committee passed a bill which demanded the finance to recognize that the currency exchange rate is basically unmistakable , thus laying a foundation for the unexpectedly unveiling of economic sanctions against beijing .
us congressmen said that the renminbi is undervalued , which has caused the price of goods sold to the united states to aggravate the imbalance in us - china trade . last year , the us trade deficit with china reached $ 2.5 - billion .
moushanouk said that he would go to the western football circle before he was 60 years old .
from the beginning of the click , musneill will always be the media speculation in the future , but it is the same as before . portuguese have again stressed that he will stay in london this summer .
some newspapers listed 14 people in the west .
mousio reiterated that he hoped that he would take up the portuguese team 's whip on the day , and that i really wanted to go to the church , i believe that there will always be one day , and i very much hope to hire me as the head of the team .
however , the 44 - year - old muriowo did not intend to make his whole life to soccer , and he said he would retire before the age of 60 , and he did not want to do the same as bobijin , norbu , and vescent , as if he did not do it all his life .
he said that i had promised my wife , and i would not , as if robusen and fansen , have been teaching at 70 years old .
mary neo ' neo ' came to the age of 60 , i just wanted to go through the river .
i have so many things that i cannot do now waiting for me to go to do .
i do n't want to become a football advisor or or a technical director , for example , balo or sarah .
i do n't want to play such a role .
i do n't want to become the chairman of a club , i just want to go to the football team , and he is stressed by yansen .
( qi liang )
the flood - prone village of hongdong village in shanxi province was tried by the secret " qianxian " .
chinanews , july , xinwen , with the concern of the public , this morning the first trial of the hongdong county intermediate court in shanxi 's hongxian county , which is a monastery in hongxian county , shanxi , was put into trial .
many domestic media have been concerned about the progress of the case .
because the local departments concerned are relatively cautious , some reporters have not been able to enter the scene to gather news .
at present , he is still in progress .
according to a report by the linfen city intermediate court , if he goes smoothly , he is expected to end his trial on the day .
however , whether or not the yuji man can be sentenced to an uncertain court .
at about 9 am , a reporter noticed that the linfen city intermediate people 's court was quiet and moved to the center .
perhaps , the court is still carrying out activities in the court .
when you go , you will get the results , and believe that the law is just .
a person who has walked through this place has a look at the national emblem and has his own words .
prior to this , there was news in hongdong county that the defendant , wang bing , father of the army , wang dongjin , former secretary of the party branch in shengxian village , lan dongju , was dismissed from his position as a county deputy according to law .
prior to this , wang dongju was arrested by the police in the " black river " case in wang bing 's troops . he was removed from the post of village party branch secretary and was expelled from the party .
the " red army " ditch case , which was triggered by the wang bing - bing black ditch case , has aroused attention at home and abroad for a time , and the top level of the central authorities have issued instructions demanding a strict investigation .
the dprk and the rok have reached a consensus on cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources .
chinanews , july 8 .
on 7 june , the dprk and the rok conducted a joint statement on cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources .
according to the agreement , south korea will provide north korea with light industrial products such as clothing , and the dprk will transfer some of its domestic exploration rights to south korea .
according to a report by the japan - release society , the rok and the dprk held a joint military exercise in kaicheng on the development of light industry and underground resources in three days ' time , and reached an agreement on the matter .
according to the agreement , south korea will send troops to north korea to provide dressed shoes and soap raw materials , with the total value of the 9/95 yen .
the dprk will regard the three blocks of the house for mining and conferring the right to korea .
the rok government will start a three - day visit to incheon port hengchuan , west china , on july 25 to deliver the first batch of 500 tons of goods and materials to north korea .
according to the plan , beginning 28 july , the rok and the dprk jointly conducted an investigation on the eastern part of the dprk .
the government of the rok started to provide 400,000 metric tons of aid to the dprk .
after north korea expressed its willingness to actively implement the agreement reached by the six countries , including the closing of nuclear facilities , economic cooperation between the dprk and the rok has become more active .
the lanzhou commodity price bureau has explained the limit on the beef surface , and only because of the excessive increase of the price ,
chinanews , lanzhou , july 10 ( huang party )
this afternoon , the lanzhou commodity prices bureau invited relevant departments to conduct a public discussion on the issue of the limited value of the meat .
at the press conference , the authorities concerned learned that the tony 's top paper was issued jointly by the departments concerned , mainly because the price of beef flour was too high and exceeded the tolerance of the general residents .
it is reported that the increase in the meat - beef prices was as high as 20 percent , and statistics show that since the early 1980 s , the beef - beef meat prices have for the first time been the shortest and the biggest increase since the first increase in the beef prices in lanzhou .
" the government 's behavior is to take into consideration the economic ability of the local common residents , and the highest price we have set for outgoing is a cost investigation , " said the director of the lanzhou city commodity price bureau .
on 26 february , the administration of commodities and trade of lanzhou city , the administration of health and health bureau of the jinglian administration , and other four departments jointly imposed the highest price for the meat price of the beard . the news immediately aroused a strong interest .
it is understood that the forum aims to extensively listen to the opinions of various circles and solicit opinions and suggestions for the next step in the specific management measures for taiwan . it is also disclosed that lanzhou will hold a news conference tomorrow .
this will be the first time that lanzhou city has convened a news conference on the beef - up incident .
the court also ordered the china development association to suspend its activities for three months .
chinanews , july 11 - according to a source from the website , on july 9 , the xizang district development promotion association in china issued a administrative penalty of stopping activities for three months .
the penalty order shows that the chinese regional development association has violated the following law : a suite standard for collecting an unlawful order ; 2 ) using the guang to collect other fees from non - member units .
after investigation , the members of the house were determined to be 21,000 yuan each year , and the number of people coming from the river in june to february 2007 was reduced to more than 20 units . after one family member received 20,000 yuan , the remaining one collected the fee for each household to collect the fee from the yuan to the yuan . the amount of over 800,000 yuan was over 800,000 yuan , including the regulations on collecting fees from the organizations concerned .
according to the " regulations on registration and management of social organizations " ( 8 ) , section 1 ( 1 ) of the " regulations on registration of social organizations , " the authorities concerned have imposed administrative punishments for stopping activities within three months , and have sealed up relevant articles such as those of the association according to law .
the rok government hopes to speed up the process of denuclearization on the peninsula through the six - party talks
chinanews , july 12 - according to a report by the korean news agency , the south korean government expressed its regret over the meeting of the head of the delegation to the six - party talks to be held in beijing on 18 july .
the rok foreign ministry spokesman issued a commentary on 12 june , expressing the hope that after attending the meeting of the delegation heads of the six - party talks , the rok side could discuss the possibility of ending the initial stage measures and implementing the next phase of the six - party talks , and then expedite the process of denuclearization on the korean peninsula .
the commentary also said that as the core of the dprk nuclear issue , the chinese government will make efforts to achieve a nuclear - free korean peninsula in a rapid and complete manner and will continue to play a positive role in this respect .
officials revealed that the beijing olympic games are expected to be the largest in number and region of the world
chinanews , july 16 .
according to xinhua news agency , the international department of the beijing olympic organizing committee , wang shilin , deputy director of the international liaison department of the beijing olympic organizing committee , will issue an application for joining the olympic games to the 205 ioc members next month .
he said that if no unexpected happens , the beijing olympic games will be the largest in history for the participating countries and regions .
the report said that from 10 to 12 february , wang shilin represented the beijing olympic organizing committee to deliver a briefing to the pan - american sports organization meeting on the preparations for the beijing olympic games , including the progress of the construction of the guinness project . the plan includes the arrangements for the construction of the guanying transportation system .
wang shilin said : the various members of the pan - american sports organization are all very happy about the participation of the beijing olympics . all 42 members have confirmed that they will take part in the olympic games in beijing next month .
it is learned that at this meeting , the ioc will hold a formal invitation together with the beijing olympic organizing committee to attend the olympic games with 205 ioc members .
( gao peng , yang limin )
wang yan 's condition for improvement " insists on " sitting on the stool and muscle muscles back "
yuyan has been able to sit on the stool , but the time is not too long , she will feel dizzy . yesterday , the chairman of the zhejiang sports bureau 's yinchu center , wu xizong told reporters that
in the previous match , wang yan , who was injured , was continuously improving . of them , the muscle muscle muscles in the right - left lims were reinstated more than 10 days ago , rising to the same level as the duo .
this month , wang yan left the huanxian county of shanghai no. 6 to the medical ward for a special medical ward . she was very worried about two to three - grade , leftist muscle muscles .
in the past half a month , wang yan 's limbs and muscles have further improved .
doctor ma yan said that wang yan 's mythic had reached four levels , which was only one level lower than the normal 5 - level , and his left - hand power was at least three levels . wu xianqin said .
in other words , in less than half a month , wang yan 's upper limbs muscle muscles resumed .
the front , wang yan , who was able to work in the bed with the help of a doctor , had been able to sit for five minutes .
the hospital rehabilitation experts originally planned to let wang yan experience a few days after the treatment of the rehabilitation bed last week .
however , according to wang yan 's current condition of recovery , the training of simulated recovery was forced to be postponed temporarily .
wu said that wang yan 's current training mainly involves sneaking up in the river , and she can stick to one thing on the stool , but the time cannot be too long . ( reporter wang jiaoying )
venezuelan president jacques chirac said he would cut high - ranking civil servants ' wages
chinanews , july 23 - according to a comprehensive report , president hugo chavez made a speech on the 22nd on the committee 's internal and foreign policies .
he said that the substantial reduction in the salaries of senior civil servants .
he also said that if the visiting foreign minister attacks the venezuelan government , he will be expelled if the venezuelan government is facing serious consequences .
the government has ordered government officials to monitor closely the statements of foreign nationals during their visit to venezuela and discover that anyone openly criticizes him or the venezuelan government will expel him .
he said on the evening of 22 july that venezuela cannot tolerate foreigners coming to the country to make trouble at home .
in his speech , he also pointed out that the reduction of salaries for senior civil servants will be a big step .
he said : the highest wages of venezuelan civil servants cannot exceed us dollars per month .
it is learned that in venezuela , the monthly income of some poor people is us dollars .
in latin american countries , the action of reducing civil servants ' wages has become a common practice and has won the support of the broad masses of the people .
peru , the leaders of countries like yoguo , etc. all cut their own salaries .
he also said : the cuban leader castro reminded him of the action taken by the us side to command castro .
he said that carter has given him a us central committee envelope , which he wrote in the memoir , please see what the cia has been doing .
the secret of the " hankuang " case ended yesterday when the kaifeng lun was temporarily punished .
last night beijing time , the executive council of the international federation of automobile movement held a special hearing on the frankfurt espionage case . the rumor that the thieler stealth fled in the midair . the council decided not to mete out punishment to the maize wheel .
the international automotive network issued a statement after hearing the hearing , saying that the boonycott , michele , had secret information about larry , but there is no sufficient evidence at present to show that these data are being used in the first stage of the international automotive union , and therefore they will not be punished .
however , the french spy case in fallarali did not draw up the plan .
the chairman of the motor sports council also said in the decision that if the case of the guy who discovered the relevant information of frankfurt in the future was used to damage the championships , we will reserve the right to request the mai - duo back to the hearing of the motor sports . at that time , they may face the penalty of being cancelled in 2007 or even 2008 , for being qualified for the competition .
at present , mai kaikai , former designer of the maikhoe , who has been suspended from service , has been discovered that he has had nearly 800 pages of technical documents , including the designer of the french expedition in 2007 , the designer of the " hankuang " [ name as transliterated ] construction , the testing of the duo chungkuang dui [ name as transliterated ] , the development and operation of the testing range .
the maikhoe , before the kickling of the england , did n't other people know this information , the maikhoe car did not have any legal valrasy .
( wang yuan )
experts believe that the incoming ones of insurance policies will not be affected by the short term .
chinanews , july 30 .
according to a report by china securities news , the " interim procedures on the management of overseas investment of insurance funds " recently came into effect , and insurance funds have more room for application of the capital market .
the chief investment officer of the china huaxing company , liu lefei , believes that the appreciation of the rmb and the improvement of the domestic capital market will not be large - scale overseas investment . this also means that insurance , supposai , will not divert funds from the domestic stock market in the short run , if he does not buy funds from the domestic stock market .
the report said that many insurance institutions hold the same view .
experts said that because there is no renminbi products in the market , insurance institutions are not capable of avoiding risks , and the time for large - scale foreign exchange purchases is not ripe .
liu lefei said : in the long run , in terms of the allocation of assets , foreign investment should have a certain proportion in the overall allocation of insurance companies .
however , because the rmb is now under greater pressure to appreciate , china will mainly use its own foreign exchange funds to make overseas investment .
regarding the purchase of foreign exchange , the government should be cautious in handling the current situation .
( shangxi )
china 's direct investment in the country this year reached 52.5 - billion yuan , with the general plan for flood prevention and drought control
this reporter has learned from the general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control that as of july , 181 million mu of coal were affected by the flooding . of this , 54.14 million mu of coal were affected by the disaster , 652 people were killed , 452 people were killed , and 52.5 billion yuan in direct economic losses were caused by the flooding .
the area of farmland affected by drought is 140 - billion mu , and there are several people who have come to the great river because of drought .
in july , the national general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control , in view of the current grim situation of flood prevention and drought control , made an emergency plan .
they demanded that all provinces along the huai river and the headquarters of the general headquarters strengthen their work of repelling the river and win the comprehensive victory of the flood - control project .
the state general administration of flood prevention and drought control , together with the ministry of agriculture , have dispatched three teams to inspect flood prevention and drought control work in the no . 1 flood prevention line and heavy drought - resistant areas .
at present , the work of flood prevention and drought control is being carried out in an intense and orderly manner . the flood in the river , which is also leaking the flood . people in the three provinces of anhui , anhui , henan , are still holding their eyes on the river .
the troops did not have a great danger .
the party committee and the state council have also decided to set up a special anti - drought emergency response system in accordance with the plan .
the united states and china are each other 's neighbors , and the two countries have a common wish for a better future .
chen shui - bian 's secret approval of judicial involvement in election the " judicial yuan " denied and demanded his explanation .
chinanews , july , chen shui - bian called on the people on the island to try to get involved in the election of taiwan 's new leader on the 30th .
the executive yuan of taiwan 's judicial yuan , gao jinzhi , said on the same day that the current performance of taiwan judges is not in line with chen shui - bian 's statement and demanded that chen shui - bian give an explanation .
according to taiwan 's " hankuang " report , chen shui - bian questioned the judge or investigator on 30 june , and his involvement in the election has even been an attempt to influence the election activities of various candidates because of political factors or election considerations . he said he hoped that this would not exist in taiwan , but it is very difficult .
in view of chen shui - bian 's question , the judicial yuan chairman , mr woon yue , did not respond . the secretary general , fan kuang , was elected deputy from the supreme people 's court .
gao jinchi said that taiwan 's basic law and the code of practice for judges are both clearly declared that they should go beyond the party and not participate in political activities , nor should they help in elections . judges are very cautious about the relevant constraints , and they believe that the csi is doing a good job .
gao jinzhi pointed out that the kaohsiung branch was located in kungfeng , and the judge zhang shengxi took part in the kandan school course several years ago , that is , because the course had the color of a political party , the committee for self - discipline , which was formed by the judges , was punished .
zhang shengxi once wanted to take part in the dpp , and because of his tenure of office , he decided to abandon his decision .
gao jinzhi said that if the trial of individual cases is carried out by the authorities at the examination level , it is not possible to win the verdict alone . it is also necessary to say that judges do not have any political intentions .
germany to reduce import of professional talent
the first session of the 11 th national people 's congress [ npc ] standing committee held in berlin on 1 july .
german minister of education and scientific research shava said recently that germany should lower the " hanhe law " and impose restrictions on the import of foreign specialists , so as to resolve the problems facing germany 's professional personnel by increasing the import of foreign talents .
according to the oecd report , germany is 15 to 64 years old , and the number of labor will decrease year by year .
if there is no adequate migration , the labor force in germany will be reduced by 6-7 percent as compared with the present .
however , german employers ' federation and german engineers association said that the current labor market in germany is a very high - skilled worker in the field .
germany 's labor department reported that the labor department reported a big increase in the supply of engineers in the labor market in may this year , with some 170,000 people and technicians coming to the market for 9,600 .
germany has been trying to protect its own people 's employment and has set a relatively high threshold for introducing foreign talent .
germany 's " law on river " stipulates that professional talent from non - eu countries cannot be lower than 8.555 - million euros in germany , otherwise they cannot be allowed to work in germany or live in germany .
he said that the government should reduce the amount of money to the dollar .
do not have superstitious theories and theories
recently , it submitted to the npc standing committee a draft amendment to the law on lawyers , which stipulates : those who have engaged in the work of studying law and teaching in kinmen and other fields , and those who have advanced or similar professional standards , who apply for legal practice , are subject to examination and approval by the state council 's judicial and administrative departments , and are qualified to entrust lawyers .
( 28 june , " chinese language " )
there are theoretical circles and people in the field of politics and law , and the former mainly includes legal teaching and research work .
for a long time , the theory of law has been enshrined in the circles of the people , and there is a cloud of clues . the theory circles believe that the real situation does not need to be necessary in the field . only those who practice the law of marxism are involved in the field of real affairs .
with regard to such differences in the division of labor , what the law can do is to maintain the situation , not to support any one side .
however , the provisions in the law on lawyers are not as simple as those of lawyers . objectively , they approve the theory of law that is higher than the law .
in fact , some people engaged in activities such as the history of the legal system and the international law are purely theoretical research and teaching . their theories are very deep and are also closely related to the legal practice .
in this way , the enclement of the law is undoubtedly the result of confusion in the qualification of the law and the conscience of the field of conscience . the impact is extremely bad .
the theoretical circles of the emperor have not only kept their blind faith in the theory , but also the experts and experts have been expecting the phenomenon of the court ruling to be affected and even rejected . this is also a direct manifestation of this superstition .
chinese - funded ships are encouraged to hang sailing voyages
the pla 's new - type missile unit ,
from the state council 's press conference , i learned that starting 1 july , china will implement the " special plan for registration of chinese - funded international shipping ships " and will encourage chinese - funded ships to return home and register with chinese ships in the people 's republic of china .
in order to further promote the healthy development of china 's maritime industry and strengthen the country 's shipments , the ministry of communications has decided to issue a " maritime safety law " to the relevant issues caused by the fact that a considerable number of ships are registered overseas and are operating on ships outside china . the ministry of communications recently issued a " notice on registration of ships specially registered for ships of the china - funded international shipping corporation . " the ministry has clearly stated the conditions and application procedures for the ships
the application for ships will be made in the harbor of the ship registration formalities for the ship .
britain 's decision to reduce terrorist attacks
on july 5 , the pla 's general staff headquarters ,
the british government attacked the terrorist attack stage at the highest level and cut down the heavy level , indicating that british terrorist attacks would not take place soon , but attacks might still be accompanied by endless clashes .
at present , the british police will shift the investigation scope to india and australia .
because of the arrest of eight terrorist suspects , they were working in the medical system , and the government will take a comprehensive and thorough investigation into the background of migrants who have entered the medical system .
it is reported that some people in britain 's public medical system have been working overseas to get medical qualifications .
the prime minister also demanded that the background of high - tech immigrants be investigated , and that employers or relevant organizations be asked to provide background information .
the business people are not happy about it .
tourism , the map is to relax the efforts to clear the truth and to the greatest extent enjoy natural and social civilization .
however , he said , many people have encountered such a kind of worry in the country . after the company and the company were seated and chased in the company and engaged in intermediary business .
whether it is a car or a train , the train always has to be accompanied by small commercial dealers and some die - hard elements without a license .
it is not because they sell peanty snakes , that is , selling newspapers and periodicals , and many other things are not verified as intermediary , such as catering and drinking , and even using false appearances .
if you do not accept it , he can catch you several hundred meters , and if you are big or not , you will become jen .
in some cases , many people also had the same feeling .
without entering the gate , some people come to visit the temple and do not know anything .
after entering the gate , this situation will be more , and the good yaxing will also be stirred up in a sensational manner .
some media reports have said that many foreign tourists visiting xi'an have praised the monumental monument in xian . however , they are not sure about allowing the small - scale commercial hawks who have more stock of it to sell .
these include the " three links " of the station , which are originally the " one in the river " and the places in the river , the principle of " one country , two systems " should be orderly , calm and harmonious , and the environment of one being pole to one another is brought out .
the freedom of the commercial dealers has confused the feelings of the people , and objectively they have damaged these public order in the wake of the incident , thus creating pollution and environmental pollution . at the same time , they also provide conditions and opportunities for pollution .
what is important is that these things are the windows of local spiritual civilization construction , and the entire leopard is not only an issue of image , but also an impact on local economic development .
just think , you should be a strong tourist industry , but you use this kind of disorderly and mess tourist environment to welcome the guests coming to the south and north . who is willing to come ?
your tourism economy has also achieved economic results .
with the arrival of the peak tourism season , the tourist industry in the north of tiannan should be regarded as a top priority .
the idea is not a market , and the business activities of small - scale commercial hawks should be standardized , and those that do not have a license should be resolutely abolished , and illegal activities should be resolutely cracked down .
a civilized and orderly environment can only make people happy and fulfill their duties and make the people prosperous and reunite .
in one sentence , do n't let commercial dealers come .
the pension rewards are not enough to be rewarded .
the construction of dongcheng district in beijing has been done as a measure to retreat the 12 households who have taken the initiative to repay .
( " new beijing post " , july 10 )
this writer has been proud of the improvement of these families ' lives , but he still has the wording of taking the initiative to retreat from the peasants , but his practice of rewarding the peasants with the support of the authorities is complex .
the deputy director of the jiaojie district office said that the problem of cheating and insecting low - security is encouraging the active reparations . this is an example for other low - income households .
if this model is to encourage other low - income insurance workers to extricate themselves from their difficulties through their own efforts , it is indeed worth advocating . if we want to use this to touch the people who have been cheating for a long time , we will not be inflexibly naive .
in the course of distinguishing between different regions and clearing up low - income households , the law should be followed .
relevant departments should strengthen the protection of low - income households in the course of enjoying the minimum - protection period : if promptly notifying the families and their income , reporting on employment situation , and accepting regular reexamination , the relevant departments should intensify their supervision and inspection .
after all , the troops retreated according to law only after a long period of time .
the street has given to the repatriated families the rewards they have given to them .
as a first - class government organization , the expenditure of the neighborhood is borne by the financial appropriation .
the taxpayer 's money should not be spent ?
on the one hand , the withdrawal of low - income families has proved that they have the ability to make self - sufficient in their own hands and to apply for minimum - guarantee workers .
the us military , which is called the lifesaving money , should send out uncharted people in the snow rather than add flowers to the snow .
liu gangyi was willing to serve the service provider .
on 10 july , the first public - run - in - elections in xinduan town , xinduan district , liu gangyi , who took office for the fourth time , accepted democracy with a total satisfaction rate of 97.7 percent .
at a news conference held with liu gangyi , liu gangyi defined himself as a person who works in the field .
( yesterday 's " new beijing post " )
liu gangyi 's induction service may be better than some appointed cadres .
the public - opinion poll system , which is the largest in the comparison of the candidates , is mainly composed of ordinary party members and masses , and the latter is primarily composed of higher - level organizations , while the direction of the source of power has decided that the former must be responsible to the people .
the source of power and the person who is responsible are the fundamental factors for deciding on how the person elected will carry out his work .
some people doubt that such a democratic movement is more like a democratic show .
my viewpoint is that with such a democratic movement , the dpp is more likely to be a mighty man .
considering the fact that the history and current situation of the building of democracy at the grass - roots level in china , i think that the promotion of public opinion is a major breakthrough , democracy is an important component of this matter , and it is necessary not to underestimate the importance of promoting the building of grass - roots democratic politics .
india is expected to choose the first female president , analysts said , adding that the possibility of being elected is relatively great , and that female voters hope to raise their status .
on 23 june , pope 's presidential candidate , in front of the presidential candidate , came to the top of his nomination .
on 19 july , the curtain of india 's presidential election began . the new president will be elected as the current vice president shevardnadze and the recent resignation of governor of ljar bibopar state .
pacheng is the first female presidential candidate in india 's history . if she is elected , she will become the first woman president of india .
pachang is the candidate of the ruling party 's congress party , while shevardnadze comes from the opposition party 's people 's party .
because the congress party had not yet been able to gain the upper hand in the presidential election , the media and the public have been involved in the election .
the 72 - year - old pope is the governor of the state of ljar province .
her husband , who went to the parliament , had rich experience , and was in the position of governor larijani , she was under the administration 's control .
she also worked for social welfare , and was a model of many cultural education and social welfare organizations .
analysts point out that the reason why pope became a candidate is because she always went to the front of chairman of the congress party of india , sonia gandhi .
in india , the gandhi family has controlled the ruling congress party for a long time .
pinger was deeply influenced by a large number of female voters , and the female voters believed that pope would prejudicate the image of a indian woman who had a serious concept of discrimination , and raise her status as a woman .
the constitution stipulates that india is a federal state , and the president 's head of state and the commander of the movement , not representing any party organization , and more of which is a symbol .
( yan ying )
the united states supports the palestinian government 's expulsion of extremists
the " report on the latest development of the military industry " of the people 's republic of china ( pla ) , which is a special program of the chinese government ,
on 21 april , us president bush said that the united states will fully support the pakistani government in sending the al-qa'ida organization and the elements of the islamic movement from the region of the border between pakistan and afghanistan .
bush said in a weekly radio broadcast that according to the new us intelligence , the base of the camp of the islamic movement in pakistan and afghanistan has been assassinated .
he expressed his worry about this .
bush said that the united states will continue to support pakistani president musharraf and will adhere to the principle of clinging to the base and the armed elements of the armed forces .
the " national intelligence evaluation " report recently issued by the united states pointed out that the muslim militant groups , in particular , are backed by the organizations of the qiongxia [ name as transliterated ] base in harbor , still pose a threat to the united states .
mashara last september held talks with some tribes and tribes in northern pakistan on preventing the first movement of forces and the armed forces of the bordering base from organizing members ' activities .
these tribes did not want or have no ability to defend themselves in the region .
bush said in his speech on the early introduction of the system that musharraf was taking positive steps to correct this mistake .
the united states hopes that the dprk nuclear issue agreement will be fully implemented .
the " report on the situation of the taiwan strait , " which was published by the chinese academy of social sciences ,
us assistant secretary of state for the dprk nuclear issue hill , chief representative of the us side for the six - party talks , said on 23 march that the six - party talks on the korean nuclear issue held last week for the first time made real progress . however , this was only the initial result of the implementation of the agreement .
the united states very much hopes that the " 19 september joint statement " and " 22 february common document " on resolving the dprk nuclear issue can be comprehensively implemented .
on the same day , holler said at a press conference that in order to achieve the goal of completely resolving the dprk nuclear issue , the dprk needs to declare its entire nuclear program before the end of this year and achieve the goal of turning its nuclear facilities into a nuclear power .
he expressed the hope that the parties concerned will fully fulfill the six - party talks on the korean nuclear issue within one year .
hill also said that during the talks on security and energy issues , the united states and the dprk will also discuss the possibility of the us - dprk relations being resolved by the dprk and japan .
climate change has led to the rapid reduction of the british glaciers
the " falungong " cult organization of the people 's liberation army [ pla ] in geneva ,
the swiss experts on the glaciers of the swiss academy of sciences have tracked and studied the situation over the years . the remaining river of the river in switzerland was reduced by an average of 33.0 percent a year .
the only thing that happened in the river was that the alps glaciers melted 1.88 percent .
experts believe that by the year 2100 , the global temperature will be reduced by three times as compared with the current level , with the rising of the river and the glacier .
the minister said that the current situation in the country is very grim .
the plan is a 23 - km - long arelchi icehard .
liu jun .
all the members of the association of beijing olympic games proposed : being civilized consumers
the pla 's july 30 th , beijing .
reporter liang jie learned from the chinese consumers ' association that on 8 august , the countdown meeting of the 29 th olympic games was about to arrive in the city of qianxian , a consumer association of shanghai , a consumer rights protection committee , a consumer protection committee , which is the consumer association of consumers , and the consumer council of hong kong , issued a proposal to consumers in the name of organizing group six district one group of the city consumer protection committee .
the proposal proposed that from my perspective , i should strengthen the awareness of the humanistic olympics , learn the knowledge of courteous instruments , raise civilization , follow civilized standards , and observe society as a consumer who knows the good and the good .
and enhance our awareness of the green olympics , protect the ecological environment , cherish the kindness of the prophet , and become a consumer who advocates green consumption .
we should foster a sense of diligence and thrift , change our consumption concept , and blindly act on petty comparisons , oppose extravagance and waste , and become rational consumers with scientific consumption concept .
raising the awareness of consumer rights and taking the initiative to participate in social supervision , consciously respect intellectual property rights , correctly understand and carry out obligations , and be consumers who exercise reasonable rights according to law ;
promoting the spirit of moving and active participation , publicizing the olympic ideal , and being the disseminator of the olympic spirit .
the police , the " chungkuang line " , is celebrating its return to the motherland for 10 years .
on 1 july , the police of jinghai temple in nanjing sang the bell again and melted .
this heavy historical resounding has been shown through the incorporation of the mainland and hong kong , and the collusion between the citizens of nanjing and hong kong compatriots in the moment to celebrate the 10 th anniversary of hong kong 's return to the motherland .
ten years ago , on 1 july , the jinghai temple in nanjing was returned to the sky above the residence of the lingshui temple , where the police had been stationed . the police were engaged in a cloud of clues of history of ceding hong kong island .
without a large number of people in all walks of life in nanjing , they said that they would get through their own secret , which sounds like the police , and always warn themselves and do not forget history .
the police are standing 1.84 meters .
the shoulder was 1.997 meters , and the hong kong flower came back .
in the past , the police had been able to explain the plan and the mailing of the five lines of the river , which were enveloped in the cloud of five clues , to the side of the river , and to the whole bronze bell , which symbolized hong kong as a pearl of the dongfang . finally , the scenario was finally scarved in the city of nanjing as a symbol of melons .
the first proposal of the then democratic party to build the police bell was deeply moved by the fact that the hong kong sar has been moving back ten years . he hoped that hong kong will be able to see the bright sunlight , the bright sunlight , and the endless stream of the times as tomorrow as if the hong kong sar was .
( end ) ( zhu xiaoying and liu yang )
the russian security agency accused the oligarchs of " conspiracy to unitary "
the russian oligarchic , who was in exile in london , bovolev , a lawyer in charge of exile , announced on july 2 that the russian federal security agency had formally put on a new accusation against him for plotting the country 's plan to seize the russian regime with violence .
borovov pointed out that the visit to china by bizovsky in april this year was an important step taken by russia to start the peace process in russia .
the russian federal security bureau 's reconnaissance bureau immediately carried out a investigation in accordance with section 278 of the " russian federation criminal law " on clenclad clauses of violence against other countries . recently , it formally made a corresponding accusation against the sarviv court in moscow .
it is reported that in february 2006 , the russian federation procuratorate already made a criminal case accusation against him . based on the same fact that an exiled oligarcher confirmed in an interview that he attempted to seize the russian regime by force .
because of his long - standing extradition , he was unable to extradite him , and russia suspended the investigation of the case for the time being in january 2007 .
on 2 july , the sarviviv court in moscow began to try another criminal case of an unidentified oligarchs . the russian general procuratorate accused the whales of the whales of the russian airline , which swallowed the 214 - million rubles of funds and money , and the court decided to postpone the court 's investigation on this matter until july 12 .
bieth believes that these are all things that are not covered by the law , and they are clearly prohibited from their own defense lawyers taking part in the activities .
( bi yuan )
guangxi 's puncog posts are subject to administrative efficiency supervision , and 619 people are investigated and prosecuted for their administrative efficiency .
since the beginning of this year , various departments in guangxi have launched a drive to change the work style of cadres and strengthen the administrative efficiency of organs . they have implemented the " three systems " for examining and affixing responsibility for responsibility system , and 33 key examination and approval departments of the autonomous region have been included in the administrative supervision work network .
up to now , 619 people have been investigated and held responsible .
on 5 july , the reporter learned from the discipline inspection commission of the jinan autonomous region that guangxi has initially formed the administrative efficiency supervision network of the cities and counties in the autonomous region to strengthen supervision over the work of the key departments according to their duties . the electronic supervision system of 14 cities has been completely linked to the network of the autonomous region .
the regional administrative efficiency electronic monitoring system is directly linked to the investment environment and the masses ' production and livelihood of 33 key autonomous regions directly under the central authorities for examination and approval , further standardizing the examination and approval behavior , and improving the efficiency of examination and approval .
at the same time , discipline inspection and supervision organs at all levels in guangxi have seriously investigated and handled cases involving work style and efficiency of the masses . as of now , they have investigated and verified 11,000 cases , investigated 769 cases , and investigated 584 units and 619 people .
the party committee standing committee secretary ma bih said on 5 april that the supervision of administrative efficiency is a work that accompanied the administrative activities from beginning to end , and it is necessary to gradually form a long - term mechanism .
guangxi should further improve and standardize various administrative management practices and establish and improve the work mechanism and guarantee mechanisms for supervising administrative efficiency , and should include the supervision of efficiency in the orbit of institutionalization and standardization , further standardize the procedures for supervision and inspection , perfect the mechanism for handling complaints and the mechanism for evaluating performance , intensify the investigation of responsibility , and implement the system of holding first - level and second - time insiders for ensuring the safety of the first - level responsibility system and
china 's economy grew by a big margin in the first half of this year , with a total of 2-2 - billion dollars in the first half of this year , according to the report
nato does not rule out the possibility of cooperating with the united states on the issue of anti - missile systems .
nato information agency , simona de manfo , on 9 april , said in an interview with xinhua that the possibility of linking the us anti - missile system with nato 's self - defense system is not ruled out .
simona demanso said nato is currently studying the us anti - missile program and hopes that the us anti - missile base will cover all european allies .
she said nato has its own theater missile defense system and has started discussing the establishment of a strategic missile defense system , thus integrating the us anti - missile system with nato 's self - defense system .
she also said that the united states has not made any progress on the issue of establishing an anti - missile system in europe , and nato will exchange information with russia through various channels in a timely manner .
the united states , the largest developing country , has been in the world since the beginning of the year .
two jordanian people jailed for plotting attacks on americans
two jordanian men jailed for plotting attacks on americans in jordan on 11 april .
these two are both 25 - year - old man , a man of a michel , who was sentenced to eight years ' imprisonment plus a compulsory work , and another person was in the same mangha hada , sentenced to three years ' imprisonment and was forced to work .
the court said that the court also accused hoechalabi of illegally holding a police consul in his house .
the court originally decided to sentencing hotta to life imprisonment , and later considered giving him an opportunity to change his mind and make him feel unmoved , and he would be reduced to eight years .
the indictment said that the two defendants decided to provide assistance to those who came into the humiliation of the moslem moslems , who were under us humiliation after the iraq war , and thus planned to attack americans in jordan .
in august 2006 , they duped a woman in the jordanian capital of anman , but after carrying out the attack , they were arrested by the police .
in the indictment , the us did not make public the identity of this american .
the indictment also accused the two defendants of having plans to attack other americans , but did not reveal details .
the united states , the largest developing country , has been in the world since the beginning of the year .
the chinese government has been making a report on the number of bad - reaction cases .
according to a report by the us media on 15 june , the heart disease caused by anti - diabetes and other bad reactions has recently shown a big upward trend in the united states .
the us food and drug administration released a security warning in may this year , suggesting diabetes to be used with caution because scientists published a new journal " xin xin bien " on 21 may , saying that this kind of freshly - selling drugs will greatly increase the incidence rate of heart disease among patients and the diagnosis rate of patients in may .
the language of wendi was therefore influenced by doctors and patients .
statistics show that in the course of about one month after the issuance of the safety warning , the us drug administration received 357 cases of indecent reactions , of which 38 were reports of death .
in january and february this year , the drug administration received only 50 and 73 complaints against drug abuse .
these bad reactions have been lightly brought into the water , and have been weighed to death with a heart attack .
however , the us drug administration experts believe that the conclusion of the report is inappropriate .
the authority will hold a meeting on july 30 on the inyahn hearing .
in 1999 , wendiya was an insulin - inflicted agent , which was applicable to the therapy .
about 6 million diabetes have been taken or are taking humanianism .
the language of the english language , gelyah , the british sope , has always considered wen diyah safe , and for the patient , he is more than the evil .
prc fm spokesman on us desire to reopen middle east peace talks
us president bush issued a speech in washington on 16 february , calling on the international community to hold an international meeting on the palestine - israel issue this autumn , inviting israel 's bordering of some arab countries and other countries concerned to join in the restarting of the middle east peace process .
on 17 july , bush also called egyptian president hosni mubarak and king abbas of saudi arabia respectively , asking them to actively respond to the proposal and to support the chairman of the palestinian national authority abbas with actual deeds in order to help palestine and israel resume peace talks at an early date .
abbas says central committee of the palestinian liberation organization to discuss early election of palestine
the chairman of the palestinian national authority , abbas , said in ramallah on 18 april that the central committee of the palestine liberation organization ( plo ) , which is scheduled to open on the same day , will discuss the issue of the palestinian national authority and the election of the legislative council ahead of schedule .
abbas said that he was very happy to meet with the eu delegation headed by its senior representative for foreign and security affairs in the presidential palace on that day and said at a joint press conference that if the central committee of the basut central committee decided that the chairman will have the right to issue the order of the legal monumental holy in his capacity , and this order will be announced soon .
at the same time , abbas expressed his admiration for the relations between the palestinian national authority and the european union .
he said : the palestinian side welcomes the eu 's measures to be taken at the palestinian presidential palace .
abbas urged the eu to continue providing humanitarian aid to the palestinian people in gaza .
he reiterated the eu 's support for abbas and the palestinian people .
he said : the middle east issue is related to the un ( the eu 's embankment , the united states , and russia ) , which will be convened to discuss the reactionary middle east peace process . in the next few days , it may be proposed .
according to the official , the eu has taken a positive attitude toward deploying international forces in gaza , but it still needs to discuss with other parties , especially with the united nations .
the chinese government will continue to work with the japanese government to promote the development of the western region .
jiangxi will provide rural residents with health care for 30 years
for a long time , a large number of medical and professional technicians in rural areas have paid a heavy burden on the grassroots health undertakings and the peasants ' health .
jiangxi province recently decided to impose a ban on the medical and health personnel who had been working in rural areas for 30 years with the support of the personnel who had worked for rural public health for 30 years .
according to the jiangxi provincial health department , the rural medical and health care workers engaged in the work of traditional medicine at the township hospital for health and professional technical skills of medical and medical courses run by the government at the township and town level and above and specialized health technical personnel for health and health specializing in primary health specialties . those who work in the field of public health and technical personnel who work in the village , which has been working in a village in xiuli village , a town health
the first batch of verified final accounting time was end july .
we should also give full play to the role of rural health personnel who meet the requirements , and the prestige of the mascot for 30 years of medical work in the rural areas . in addition , we should give priority to and give appropriate preferential treatment to those who are qualified for health care work in rural areas .
the higher level professional examination only meets the requirements , and the examination is based on actual work capability , appropriately relaxing the conditions for scientific research and theses , and avoiding the examination , and giving priority to the selection of candidates .
the jiangxi provincial health department also arranged for a certain number of vacation places each year to provide financial assistance .
starting this year , jiangxi province will launch a large - scale campaign to promote public health in rural areas for 30 years , and recommend and endorse the award for candidates .
the united states and britain signed a treaty on the protection of intellectual property rights ( ipr ) in the united states last year .
the us defense department reconsidered the possibility of reducing us forces stationed in europe
a us defense department official said on 23 march that due to the iraq war and the changes in the world situation , the us defense department is reconsidering the possibility of reducing the number of us troops stationed in europe by half .
the us media quoted a defense department official as saying that because the iraq war is still going on and the us - russian and iranian relations are worsening , the defense ministry 's decision on reducing the european garrison plan is of doubt .
in addition , when defense secretary rumsfeld was serving as defense secretary , he announced that the united states would increase the number of troops stationed in europe by 11 to 7.14 , so as to build a new army with its own unique features .
at present , the total us forces in europe and the united states have already fallen to the bottom .
however , in june this year , commander of the us military 's european command , after concluding his report to the current defense minister , raised questions on the plan .
the report said that us forces in europe , while reducing their forces , have been transferred to iraq and afghanistan in turn , making us personnel in europe short of the need to engage in normal cooperation with the european allies .
the report proposes to stop the us military plan to reduce its forces in europe .
a relevant us expert said that the above phenomena show that the war in iraq has long been causing confusion in the original readjustment plan of the us military .
the chinese government will continue to work with the united states to promote the development of the western region .
shandong 's tingzhou city has launched a special traffic safety film into the community .
the people 's daily online , july 26th , ( reporter song xuechun and fan zhongliang )
in order to further deepen the construction of the three civilizations and raise the awareness of the masses of citizens in the rule of law and the awareness of traffic safety , and to enhance their consciousness in observing the law , the ministry of public security and the armed police of xianzhou city , in the jinzhou city , went to the qianhe square in the three - li river valleys , and then went to the dongdu town of luzang pengzang town , huo
in front of the film festival , the brigade printed the " protection of life " to the general public .
the film was played by the citizens .
in particular , the " on the road to school " feature film , which was used as a method , enabled people to understand and cherish their love , and also received profound education .
this film attracted the attention of more than 3,000 residents around the square , especially some people who came to zhanzhou and some migrant workers , sitting in the center of the venue with relentless and relentless eyes .
through the sending of movies for safety in the local area ( yinchuan ) and the launching of activities at construction sites , the general public have enjoyed the movies while enjoying them and have received a profound education on traffic safety , which has been warmly received by the residents , especially the new citizens .
china 's total restaurant output to reach 1 billion yuan ( about 1 billion u.s. dollars )
to better implement the " food and health law " and the " decision of the state council on further strengthening food safety , " the ministry of health has separately conducted a special inspection of the food safety work in haidian district , beijing municipality , dui dui , henan province , hangzhou city , zhejiang province , luoyang city , hubei province , hubei province , the sandui for the sake of supervision of drinking and drinking in 10 areas of sichuan province .
this system will gradually be put into the country .
the catering industry 's public health monitoring system is a system of supervision over food and drink units on the basis of routine health supervision .
according to the information , the public notice will adopt the method of unification and enunciation as stipulated by the ministry of health , including nine hygiene conditions , and the results of the comprehensive evaluation of the results of the investigation on site supervision on the spot , the names of the regulator who is responsible for supervision , and the noticeable locations of the entrance of the food and drink , as well as the obvious locations of the customers , to find out the health condition of the customers .
the united states , the largest developing country , has been in the world for the past five years , according to a report released by the national people 's congress ( npc ) here monday .
the security council decides to extend the tenure of peacekeeping troops in ethiopia
the un security council unanimously adopted a resolution on 30 july agreeing to extend the un peacekeeping force in diya and eritrea to the next six months to january next year .
the resolution requires all parties concerned to fulfill their commitments , exercise restraint , relax the tense situation , avoid provoking military activities , and urge the ecuador to immediately withdraw its troops and its military equipment from the provisional security zone , and call on the troops deployed in nearby areas of the provisional security zone to reduce the number of troops deployed recently .
the resolution demanded that the embankment take immediate steps to enable the eritrean border committee to quickly set the border under no circumstances , and demanded that the eras be erected no longer because of their indifference , all the restrictions on the operation and operation of the ezer - zenzenzenzahn - zahar - tashn border .
the resolution reiterated that it will fully support the work of the eritrean border committee and expressed its appreciation for the decision of the committee to hold a meeting with both sides in new york on september 6 .
in 1998 , the eryon and the border broke out , causing several deaths .
in june 2000 , the two sides held a cease - fire agreement in algeria 's capital algiers .
the united nations began to take part in the peacekeeping force along the ethiopian - eritrean border in july 2001 to oversee the implementation of the cease - fire agreement between the two countries .
the chinese government has decided to set up a special administrative region ( sar ) in the coming year .
the whole country has opened up a large number of counties and cities .
the " chengdu , june 30 " training center of the pla
xing yuzhi 's reporter tian yuan reported : to implement the party central committee 's directive on building a harmonious socialist society and in conjunction with the building of a new socialist rural village , the people are the same as the olympic games , and the cultural and sports life of the masses is enriched . the people 's cultural life is not as popular as the whole country .
the six - day race attracted more than 100 athletes from 10 counties and cities across the country .
according to the regulations , athletes participating in this competition must be contestants , age 18 or above .
for the 2006 spring festival , the national sports administration and the sports administration center registered professional and professional athletes are not allowed to enrol in the competition .
the competition adopted the latest examination and approval of the china association for relations across taiwan straits , which is divided into two stages of the preliminary competition and the finals .
the competition was jointly organized by the state sports general administration and the china association for physical education , the china international tourist company , and others .
in recent years , the two counties , which have possessed the history of hancheng , have developed rapidly . shuangdao county , which has won the support of the national sports - related counties , which have been selected by the masses of the whole country , as well as the advanced sports units of the whole country .
in the new rural construction , the shuangliu county has vigorously implemented the peasant sports project , and has closely integrated the construction of sports facilities with the improvement of rural areas ' afforestation and improvement , and built the sports ground in the rural areas , with the help of peasants , so that the system of sports services will be extended to the countryside and the education campaign on local characteristics of local farmers as good as seeing and seeing the athletes as they see and watching the movement and improving the quality of peasants
the three functions of modern military uniforms
first , identification functions .
different countries ' armed forces ' different armed forces and people 's different symbols .
in the world , more than 100 armed forces of a small and medium country , although the use of military uniforms is basically the same , there is no uniform of the armed forces of two countries .
second , symbolic functions .
to a certain extent , military uniforms are not only the spiritual features of a country , but also the characteristics of a country 's armed forces ' combat capability .
in the courtesy conquer , he often went through training and dressed three major uniforms , and he could most fully demonstrate the military might of the army .
third , the function of protection .
with the development of new and high - tech weaponry , the comprehensive protection functions of new - type military uniforms have the characteristics of guarding against bullets and guarding against chemical fertilizers , preventing radiation of chemical bacteria , and diverting wet and humid cht chilled mud and various kinds of functions , which have become the most important issue in the development of military uniforms .
( shi wei )
the party committee organs of a certain brigade dared to handle the problem .
the " three stresses " education campaign is a major component of the military .
after confirming the fact that we can live in the house , we can benefit from the party committee of the large team 's determination and determination to keep the house clean .
today , a certain communications training brigade of the chengdu military region has more than 10 cadres who moved into the barracks . they are very happy about the problems of the party committee of the big detachment who dared to solve problems and dared to tackle tough problems and the style of having a genuine touch .
a few years ago , with the personnel of the brigade , some of the houses of the family were illegally occupied , causing the cadres working in the army to have a lot of housing .
the brigade also made clear several times that it was not clear because of various obstructions , and made this problem become a big difficulty for the old .
as long as you dare to do the same , you will not be able to solve the difficult problems .
the new party committee leadership has reached a consensus , and the principal leaders have personally started to carry out thorough cleanup of all problems in housing occupation .
they were on the same side and showed up in the hope that relevant personnel would speak about the construction of the yinchuan [ name as transliterated ] military building , which is stationed in the yinchuan [ name as transliterated ] housing construction , and which is suitable for economic housing .
we must also investigate and handle some housing units that do not want to withdraw from the housing sector , and party committee organs must promptly contact the units where they are located , and take corresponding measures to promote their active coordination with the work of the military .
after two months of meticulous work , all those who have gone beyond the housing area in violation of regulations have been removed on schedule , and the working cadres of the brigade have been given housing according to regulations .
the party committee of the brigade dared to overcome the tough work style of fighting the real battle , and also produced an effect of the operation . originally , several cadres who were unwilling to actively cooperate with the organization in distribution have been dissatisfied with the organization . now they have also expressed their willingness to submit to the organization 's decision .
qiao qingchen meets bangladesh chief of staff
the pla 's july 9 th , beijing
reporter zhang shun reported : after concluding his visit to beijing today , qiao qingchen , commander of the air force of the people 's liberation army , met with the chief of staff of the bangladesh air force , zioo bowen , and his party in beijing .
qiao qingchen said : since china and bangladesh established diplomatic relations , bilateral relations have been developing smoothly , high - level contacts have been frequent , and friendly exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been constantly strengthened .
both countries have always supported each other in international affairs and in their national construction .
the chinese side appreciates bangladesh 's support for china 's support on the issues of taiwan 's human rights and tibet .
qiao qingchen said that the chinese army treasures its friendly relations with bangladesh 's armed forces and hopes that with the joint efforts of both sides , the two countries will further expand the scope and level of friendly cooperation between the two armed forces , strengthen friendly exchanges and cooperation between the two air forces , and raise the already established friendly and cooperative relations between the two armed forces to a new level .
qi said bangladesh will make efforts to further develop the relations between the two armed forces , especially between the two air forces .
he reiterated that the bangladesh government will , as always , adhere to the one - china policy .
prior to the meeting , qiao qingchen held a welcoming ceremony for chicago .
qi baoco arrived in beijing on 8 july for a state visit at the invitation of qiao qingchen .
the seven - point chinese military uniform designer is a guest of the chinese military website
the pla 's yang baojin reporter liu xinxin reported on 13 july that the whole army will continue to wear the " 7 - style uniform " on 1 august .
this evening , the chinese military website specially invited military and civilian supplies to be sent to the military and civilian equipment research institute under the command of the armament department of the pla . su yang , senior engineer of the pla equipment research institute , was invited to come to china to work as a guest . the background and development process of the new uniform of netizens from both inside and outside the army were evoked in the internet .
the two guests are the seven - model military uniform design and design of the military .
on the new uniform changes , they introduced that the july 7 military uniforms are made in the nets . they said that the military uniform is designed on the basis of the 97 military uniforms , and the style of the army uniform , which is carried out in seven areas , including the series of the army uniform .
the seven - style military uniform is the most important feature of its embryonic movement , which reflects the requirements of its movement , and which makes our army 's military uniform meet the three armed services ' first - time coordinated standards , symbolizing the historic leap in the level of our army 's military uniform construction .
the two guests also exchanged views on the new military uniform type of the hanxia river , and other issues with netizens .
this time , the exercise was jointly organized by the chinese military website and the neonenthin neonyonlan [ name as transliterated ] .
the jingjiang city people 's armed forces platform has upgraded the quality of specialized military cadres .
the pla 's cao jiakui reporting from zhubin : on 18 june , a large - scale collective discussion of military cadres of jingjiang city , jiangsu province , was held by lu yulan , chairman of the armed forces of xiuli town , who was giving lectures on " winning psychological warfare under informatized conditions " in western jiangsu province . on 18 june , the trainees of the training class were united .
this is the first time that the ministry of personnel and armed forces have put pressure on cadres in light of their actual conditions and made great efforts to upgrade the comprehensive quality of specialized wu cadres .
early this year , the party committee of the ministry of personnel and armed forces discovered during a study and investigation at the grassroots level that some specialized military cadres had worked in their posts , and did not devote their main energy to the work of armed forces .
for this reason , they have adopted the method of concentrating on training in the pla , using the method of training local party schools on the basis of relying on training for specialized military cadres on a regular basis , and concentrating their efforts on solving problems such as the unitary quality of the knowledge of military cadres , such as the lack of professional knowledge of military cadres .
in light of the central task , we should boldly carry out tasks and carry out tasks for military cadres , temper ourselves through our work posts , and enhance our abilities .
at the same time , they actively coordinated local organization departments and jointly formulated the " plan for appointing cadres by specialized personnel " and explicitly stipulated that the minister of the armed forces must go to the leadership group of the party committee and no longer take up other posts .
it has established a mechanism for readjusting and exchanging cadres with specialized forces , and it has also established a system for cadres who are old and who are unable to meet the needs of the armed forces at the grassroots level to promptly adjust and exchange their work , and for comrades who have good overall quality and good work ability .
not long ago , the new century 's hanxing company , ltd. , chen yansong , led the militia technical detachment to develop the underwater vessel with innovation and development , thus filling the gap between the two armed forces and upgrading the technology to the company 's armed forces department .
good will also be good at the beginning
the result of the competition alone is 2 - 2 , which is reasonable and is also something that can be accepted by the people . the key is the process of the competition , and how many people are regrettable .
if iran had two - thirds lead , then it would be equalized , then the chinese people would feel different .
being benevolent can not be done well , it can be said that it is an old problem .
he often said that the situation in the situation does not play a ball , and the views of ordinary people are that the psychological quality of the chinese people is not perfect .
this is indeed not something that can be done in the end .
however , judging from the contest today , it seems that it is not as good as it is .
sun jihai , sun xingxiang , zheng zhizhi , and others kicked in europe . li wei - feng and others were also a long - standing old veteran who had seen him through the sand field . they saw that the masses could see the whole world , and that their psychological quality would not have any problem .
this pity is regrettable by the iranian team , because it is probably because of the tight deployment of troops .
iran 's team , under backward conditions , was replaced by two , and the scene was immediately followed .
the second half of the match also changed three different results .
to overcome the historical problem of being good at the start , we must accurately find the root of the problem .
as long as the problem is accurately identified , the methods of removing the existing problems will probably be difficult to find .
fear that they will be afraid of being sick and being sick and going to hospital .
if the situation goes on , the prophet will kick more competition , and the old will still commit , and it is impossible to say that everyone is looking forward to a further kick .
the ministry of public security has given two collective honor to the guangdong border defense corps hospital
the shenzhen special economic zone ( gpd ) , july 18 ,
li guoliang reporting from huangqi : over the years , the guangdong border defense corps hospital has been doing all it can to help the needy . as a result , the people of the eight sides have been lured to work hard to help the needy .
this morning , the ministry of public security gave a group two - year - long bacheng rally and a report on the advanced deeds of supporting the government and cherishing the people in guangdong 's border defense command headquarters .
the guangdong border defense command has regarded building a harmonious society as one of the three major tasks in the construction of a harmonious society , and in puji , qionghua , baoan , in shenzhen , has set up three hospitals specifically targeted at migrant workers . the medical staff of other provinces have to pay only one yuan for the medical service and the fee for the inspection fee can be reduced by 8 % .
the hospital has specially installed a container service vehicle , which has been provided free of charge to the peasant workers and has also introduced the health service of peasant workers . the ensuing of the " red - hot " money alone is only needed to enjoy 12 basic medical checks and guarantees .
this measure of benefiting the people has already benefited more than 12,000 peasants .
from the yuhe river , the hospital also conducted a drill of large - scale suite - diving in the mountains of the beachhead . eight of the medical personnel of the eye eye branch went to tibet , jiangxi , yunnan , qinghai , and other places in qinghai , to deliver the bag for free of charge , and conducted a sudden operation without charge , with nearly 3,000 cases , with the result that the patient was seriously unseen .
the armed police force will be changing its seven - style clothes on 1 august .
the " three stresses " education held by zhang jianjun , a reporter of the pla , in beijing , will be changed one after another from 1 august .
today , this reporter learned from the issuing ceremony and the enveloping ceremony of the seven - style costume of the armed police force that were being replaced with the costumes of the " red army " as the symbol of the " blue army " .
costumes are adjusted from the current olive green to the deep - olive green , and the arms of the trousers are all covered with the envelope . the overall design of the police is strong . on the setup of the model , they are used to the national costume standard .
the female officers and men had a large hole on their hats , and the winter dress was changed from the guan - led type to the suite type . the waist structure of the summer camp , and the designs of the spring and autumn dress were often dressed in the dark .
the new name list is the name of the military service of the national defense force and the re - designed hat hate and the flower - baked chest , which has been designed , has enhanced the function of wearing apparel and enhanced the sense of the beauty .
the seven - character poster of the armed police force will be changed in three years .
on 1 august 2007 , the pla synchronized itself with the army 's troops , including the troops , the troops , and the armed forces ' cultural troupe , which were stationed in the military , to change their name , and to replace the soldiers stationed in the beijing region in the spring and autumn , and the symbol of the soldiers .
in may , he was a soldier of other troops who often put his name on the sun and autumn .
in october , he was a popular name in the winter dress .
in december 2009 , the soldiers were replaced with winter uniforms .
the military has been shifting from training to education .
a certain base of the second artillery corps was separated from remote education and was directly linked to education .
the first time for the pla to send troops to the united states is the education organization of small units that are remote and remote directly subordinate to the party .
this reporter recently learned that after half a year of trial implementation , the base has issued the " implementation method for implementing the ' program for ideological and political education ' " to cover all the small , remote , and directly - administered units of the base , which have already been formally put into operation .
in order to promote the " outline of ideological and political education " in an effective way , the base organized its forces at the beginning of the year to conduct in - depth investigation and study on the current situation of ideological and political education in the small units , and to influence and constrain the results of personnel who have been indifferent to their work . a new model of education was initially formed in the small , remote , remote , and directly - administered units .
the specific approach of the cooperation zone is to break down the establishment line of the unit and to set up a unit at the regiment level in the relatively centralized area of small , scattered , remote , and directly administered units to conduct unified education on the theme . the units under different affiliations discussed the near tongtai listening course or the remote - distance discussion of the incoming qingu system .
the method of linking the troops with the competition for posts should be adopted to unify the educational forces and the education hardware of the areas should be unified . the data of various units should share experience in data education and exchange experiences . typical cases in the area of the area should be organized regularly to report on their study to officers and soldiers .
each of the cooperation areas has been set up to educate people and to educate people on information .
on this basis , the various cooperation areas have also established a system for tackling difficult problems and for education and jointly handling urgent matters , such as notifying and evaluating the situations of the enterprises involved in emergency situations .
zhang sheng - min , director of the base political department , told reporters that the establishment of a political education coordination zone has reduced the waste of educational resources and deepened the effects of education .
some political forces are afraid of losing their positions in front of officers and soldiers of other units and take the initiative to learn new knowledge and explore new methods of education .
the officers and men who have been educated have also actively educated the contents of the education , fearing that when discussing and analyzing the situation in the neighboring units , they would say something about them .
in this way , the enthusiasm of the troops and the troops has been effectively inspired .
a certain northern fleet detachment of the north china sea fleet has all the quota for soldiers .
the pla 's zhang jun and liu hongjun reported : on 17 july , a certain motorized infantry brigade under the leadership of zhang weiliang , deputy chief engineer of a certain brigade under the north china sea fleet , happily set foot on the beidaihe train in the front line .
the six - class noncommissioned officer luo xiangming told this reporter with great pleasure : the leaders of the yinfeng group are deeply moved by the fact that after coming back , we will work hard !
organize grassroots soldiers to fight in the group for the first time .
not long ago , yao yengsheng went down to the grass - roots level to see some soldiers who were in charge of work in the field of maintenance work in the barracks , making yao qingsheng deeply moved .
soldiers who work selflessly should care for soldiers and help soldiers in their health .
after the study , the party committee made a decision to distribute the quotas assigned to the group to all soldiers working in the front line .
the work of a unit under the jinan military region has been open to the public .
the pla
wang weiqin , a member of the political commissar of the jinan military region , and a certain unit of the jinan military region , saw on 25 july that one piece of the " selected works " was written into the public notice column on important matters such as promotion of cadres who were promoted to non - commissioned officers to join the party in july , and put them in the window of the show .
according to su chengsen , political commissar of the pla general political department , this is a concrete move taken by the ministry to promote the system of opening up work .
in the past , the party committee of this unit formulated the " two - way supervision work at the grass - roots level " and other measures , requiring that all matters involving the immediate interests of officers and soldiers and the building of the troops be decided upon , and that the work style will be determined again after hearing the opinions of the grass - roots officers and men . the results of the work standards and the quality of the work will be publicly announced .
the unit set up a number of checklist and opened a panorama panorama on the balls to collect opinions and suggestions from everyone .
early this year , the soldiers ' dormitory renovation and transformation project began to start , and the party committee organs extensively solicited the opinions of officers and soldiers , and then issued public bidding information .
this has saved the funds and won the support of officers and men .
the work of making administrative affairs transparent and impartial has brought along the formation of good practices at the grass - roots level .
in this unit , grassroots companies , no matter how important they are , are they not only small ones , but also the day - to - day expenses of individual purchase and purchase of accounts , they all adhere to the principle of making public the information on a regular basis and consciously subject themselves to supervision by the masses .
( international ) study shows that the shock of the house is related to two kinds of genes
xinhua news agency , july 2 , by wire ( reporter : ) a human suffering from the ensuing of two genes of human suffering from the disease is far higher than ordinary people .
according to the latest issue of " nature " magazine , the number of people in the company of yinling in the name of the " natural science " of iceland was very high on the gene screening and screening of the genes from cogen 's vincent sieus and several thousand people from hong kong , china .
the scientists discovered that these two genes were important in the early stage of the heart .
the house was suddenly shaken by the burning room , and was one of the most abnormal things in clinical practice , causing the mood to be kept in the mill and the pawn to be spared .
according to another report published on 1 july , the " genetic " magazine reported that the hanxia company 's research personnel in the mine who was involved in the piano case , discovered a large - scale antique gene that was related to the cannabis cancer in the hilly state of the past one - third .
the study also discovered that one of the genes is to improve the risk of human leopard cancer while lowering the risk of diabetes .
us veteran senator keleer cup finals may be retired
xinhua news agency , maratha , july 3 ( reporter liu jian )
according to a report by the venezuelan media on 3 april , kelly , 37 - year - old old man , who is in the team , said in an interview that if the us cup fails to find an appropriate role after the competition , he will choose to retire .
if the us cup finals four to six weeks after the end of the us cup , i still cannot get a high standard team one - to - two contracts , then retired perhaps i am not wrong .
as the goekakh team fell to germany , kirler also left the team .
although keleer was willing to get his hand , he still insisted on marching the company . he obviously did not worry about his whereabouts . now he himself , as many as eight teams are deliberately invited by his own team .
however , this former chairman who had served in the west taoist and the old man of germany - a - - indicated that how he will eventually choose to depend on his family , my children as he is now 9 years old , and he will be waiting for me to go to three different schools , and how i will consider what is more beneficial to my family .
at the recent contests , keller played an outstanding role and helped the team win the gold medal .
the current american cup , he was still under the control of the head coach bradley , but he could hardly be the enemy with a single bow . the young people 's close guard did not know argentina 's paraguayan like bayar , two matches , one of the big men he had kept , were seen wearing .
the next battle against the colombian team will probably be the result of the joint team and keleer 's last performance at this american cup .
china , us to strengthen cooperation in developing world - class market
xinhua news agency report of july - - according to a report by the canadian " global post " in july , after eight years of hard work , the black strawberry ( from guam and kono ) from the canadian company , finally obtained the approval to enter the chinese market , and the first black strawberry cell phone will be listed in china at the end of august .
the chief executive of the yuko como , jim m. siley , said that he would visit the commercial clients in china 's major cities such as bogu , shanghai , guangzhou , etc. , in china .
the " global post " quoted a list of managers of the beijing office , saying that the black strawberry 87g smart cell phone will land on the chinese market at the end of august with a price of about $ 700 , and has received 5,000 orders .
paulson said that last week , after the company had confirmed the listing of the hyonthm cell phone , people were increasingly concerned about the potential of the smartphone as an ironclad competitor . black strawberry cell phone has now been sold in more than 100 countries around the world .
according to statistics , in the first quarter of this year , the number of black strawberry cell phones , which used to be used by black - strawberry cell phones , reached 1.2 - million , and the total number of users has reached 99,000 .
spain , sept . 20 spanish husband killed his wife
xinhua news agency , july 7 , spain 's woman hit by monks on july 7 , when she was in battle , she fell into the mask of her bow , and discovered that the banker was her husband and the police had arrested him .
according to a report by the media here on the 6th , the woman was found working in a shop in valencia .
one day , a mongolian man was seen in a store in the house , and she thought that he was a hijacker and told him to take money in the drawer .
but the man did not pay the money , but pinned the woman 's neck , thinking of her .
she wanted to use a dead body to transport them , but the man did not put her back , or did she play her , and pinch her .
during the battle , the woman pulled down the screen and ran into the river . however , she discovered that the woman was her husband .
the culprit has been arrested by the police .
the victim told the media that she was not in good feelings and she and her husband were in the process of divorce . they had two children .
13 pilots resign from the incident in which the wuhan airlines ' compensation claims for damages exceed 100 billion yuan
xinhua news agency , july 11 , wuhan ( reporter liu yang 's shuchu )
the 13 pilots submitted their resignation , and the dongfang airline china limited liability company opened up as high as 10.5 - billion yuan , which is the largest amount of compensation received by hubei province so far .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee is currently examining the case .
in may this year , 13 pilots of the china eastern airlines and wuhan airways successively submitted their resignation and were refused by the company .
after that , the pilot successively applied for a compensation from the hubei labor dispute arbitration commission in early june to request an appeal for termination of labor relations with the dongfang wuhan company .
the eastern china airlines ' wuhan company received notification and lodged a counterappeal , demanding that 13 pilots pay the compensation for their violations of the labor contract and the removal of the labor contract , which involved more than 6 million yuan , to over 10 million yuan , and that the cost of the operation is as high as 105 million yuan .
it is learned that the pilots signed with the eastern airlines a labor contract without a fixed time limit . in addition to the conditions for terminating the operation in the labor contract or the conditions for dismantling the contract , the labor contract effect will continue to reach the statutory retirement age of the pilot .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee has made the case an appeal and an anonymous case . it is expected to end the trial before 8 august .
germany calls for early passage of russian - russian border treaty
xinhua news agency , riga , july 12 ( reporter yang dehong ) german foreign minister steinmeier , who is visiting china , called on the russian side to pass the latvian - russian border treaty as soon as possible .
steinmeier told foreign minister pagnegroponks on the same day that the two sides mainly discussed the relations between rabad and cooperation between the eu and latin america , and exchanged views on the development of relations between the latvian and the eu and russian .
at the news conference held after the talks , steinmeier called on the russian side to pass the treaty on the delaware - russian border as soon as possible .
steinmeier said that the entire area of the country and russia 's improvement of relations were relatively slow , and the implementation of the treaty witnessed the signing of the latvian - russian relationship , but the shadow of history might also bring about a retrogression in relations between the two countries , hoping that russia could pass the treaty as soon as possible to promote the development of bilateral relations .
on 27 march this year , after 10 years of negotiations , the prime minister , karvis villepin , and russian prime minister yurkov signed the border treaty in moscow .
on 17 may , the latin american parliament passed the treaty on the border between the two countries .
according to the report by the media in the country , the russian parliament will vote on the treaty in the near future .
dprk , rok to hold sixth round of talks
xinhua news agency , july 16 , pyongyang ( by gao haorong and xia yu )
the military representatives of the dprk and the rok held a military meeting in panmunjon on 16 february . the two sides agreed to hold the sixth round of talks between 24 and 26 .
according to the report of the central news agency , the dprk military representatives , after the contacts , proposed the idea of " building a bridge between the yanping island and the bailing island in the western waters of the dprk and gave detailed explanations on the reasons .
he said : setting up a common remote region requires carrying out to the greatest extent the principle of seeking common prosperity and common prosperity for the nation and ensuring peace and stability .
in his speech , pak lin - su said that the border line between the two sides has existed at sea . he said : in order to prevent a military conflict between the two sides in the western waters , the two sides should abandon the maritime border they have insisted on , and recognize and respect each other . the relevant agreement between the dprk and the rok , as well as the universally acknowledged legal basis for consultation , is recognized by the international community .
he said : in formulating military support measures in a timely manner to promote cooperation and exchanges between the dprk and the rok is the consistent stand of the dprk military .
he said : the rok side should take military measures at present to ensure the non - governmental ships of the dprk can directly enter the rok from haizhou port and free passage in the strait of jizhou .
this is another important visit to the dprk following the second military meeting between the dprk and the rok recently held on 10 february .
the fifth round of talks between the dprk and the rok were held in panxi from 8 to 11 may . the joint quege was held between the two sides of the panxi dynasty .
( international ) modern automobiles denies intention to acquire wal - woo
xinhua news agency , seoul , july 18 , a spokesman for the hyundai motor company said in seoul that the company had no intention to purchase any brand name from wolong or the yinling company on the 18th .
the sunday times reported that the new york times recently published a report on the possibility of selling wal - woo .
the sunday times reported that the newspaper had even reported that the modern korean automobile company is wolfowo 's potential partner .
a hyundai spokesman said that we have not done anything about the purchase of pickpockets or road tigers . the modern ones are busy implementing our own expansion plan . they are simply not in the exile .
in 1999 , 650 - million us dollars came from sweden 's wolfowo group .
at present , wolfowitz and lucky , both of the top automobile group , including the neono group , are under their jurisdiction ( the enp ) .
in march this year , the number of troops that had fallen into the red line was 8,450 , which was sold under the guanying banner of the guanying banner . last month , it also indicated that it was considering selling roads , tigers , and kogawa .
( sports ) cuban boxing hits the rope too short
xinhua news agency , rio de janeiro , july 21 ( reporter chen weihua ) .
on 21 march , the cuban delegation went to the pan - american games piercing station in an too short rope , which will affect the performance of its fists .
according to the rules of the international fist union , the rope of the boxing platform in the international competition should be 6.1 meters , but according to the cuban team 's boxing coach pedro roque , the rope of the pan - american sporting station has been shortened by one meter .
roke said : we submitted a formal protest . because this incident has not caused any damage to a country of cuba , but involves all of them .
the rope is too short , which will affect the flashing moves of the fists .
he also said : the idea of " the secret of the olympic games " can not be found in the coma of the bandwidth .
as you know early , we brought a lot of unsinkable aircraft .
the mexican and colombian delegations also held a joint press conference on the same day .
castle , castle giulios , who won the first battle , said : although i am in the air , i have won the first match , the attack platform is too narrow , and i really feel that i do n't think it is not too narrow .
the big - bose rebound of export orders overseas
shanghai , july 24 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a " special economic zone " in the first five months of this year , according to a report by reporter from the guansheng garden ( group ) company , ltd. , a port in shanghai , on the one hand , to resume export . many overseas companies have demanded orders to do business .
the kandu garden in singapore 's lingnan company , mr. lin qingrong , recently sent a telegram to the guansheng garden group , saying that due to the fact that the hcu and the cmb have conducted large - scale rabbit - like - thelegant sugar testing in singapore , the result of the result of the brutal butter 's crescent balloon being not in any form of formaldehyde
the malaysian people in the guansheng park , the king 's company , said that they were asked to immediately transport one large - bose white sugar from shanghai to malaysia .
the cornell garden is located in hong kong 's hsbc limited , also called the guansheng garden , saying that the hong kong food safety center had taken a large - scale white sugar sample from the bow in hong kong . after laboratory tests , it was confirmed that there was no formaldehyde ingredients .
the hsbc trading company has received notification from hong kong huaxing that it has decided to resume sales of large - scale white - dose milk sugar in hong kong for more than 100 times .
it is learned that the shanghai port 's 10 largest white rabbit candy has gradually resumed export .
at present , seven containers are rabbits and sugar being sent to singapore 's mount bengbu , india 's bengbu , nepal , and other countries .
( international ) british bombing threat hits suspect arrested
xinhua news agency , july 26th , the british police announced on the 26th that in mid - july , criminal suspects who were making an incident of british troops trying to buy an armed bomb were arrested in klimerlo , kirkhaka , kirghizia , in kirkristina , lankao , in mid - july .
the police said that this person named " king " mccormick , 51 , who is unemployed , will be blackmailed and fabricated with a bomb .
on 14 july ( xi jinan ) afternoon , 14 british house laige suddenly purchased from the suspect because of a bomb threat , and was immediately closed down by the police , which was not until the next day until business was resumed .
mascot , a british citizen , was at a peak of purchasing , and the shoppers of 14 of the house ordered the british biggest loss of the british house 's sales revenue .
the british police then made a statement on the threat of the bomb and announced that no one was found in the incident , but there were some economic factors behind it .
( sports ) changing the period of flowers is the most unmistakable season for the beijing olympics .
beijing , july 28 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will continue to support the olympic games in the coming year , when it comes to the tide of the olympic games next year .
through changing the use of other technical means , scientific and technological personnel have found a good tactic to add color to the olympic games .
the " han dynasty " in beijing held on 28 june , which was selected by the best candidates for the selection of candidates for the olympic games and the acceptance of the application . the evaluation experts concluded that the use of the method of promoting cultivation to cultivate new technology is adopted . the types or varieties of different kinds may be blossomed in the same period of summer , and the best results will be attained in the 8th month of the beijing olympics .
in beijing 's summer , it is usually only possible to see more than 10 popular ones . most of them have long fallen , or they have not yet reached the button .
after working hard , scientific and technological personnel selected the " hanxia 206 " variety of 400 varieties .
in the " shanghai five " olympic games held in beijing haidian park , the exhibition hall was enumerated before and after the opening of the beijing olympic games . a group of eight - thousand - year - old ones that could not be natural to blossom in august will greet the panoramic with flowers .
turkey 's ruling party wins parliamentary election
xinhua news agency , july 30th , by reporter jian wang , the supreme election commission of turkey announced on the 30th the final result of the 23 rd parliament election . the result showed that the ruling justice and development party won 341 seats in the 550 seats , and once again obtained the right to mediate between the two parties .
at the parliamentary election held on 22 july , the main opposition party , the republican party , won the parliamentary seats .
the national action party won 71 seats in the election .
in addition to the three political parties mentioned above , 26 members of parliament elected by him .
turkey 's new parliament to be held in august
by then , all members will be sworn in and will start to perform their duties .
after that , the parliament will pass the method of voting without voting to elect a new speaker .
turkey 's parliamentary election was originally scheduled to be held in november , but in the presidential election at the end of april , because the opposition party was not satisfied with the only candidate , which belongs to the just - concluded prime minister and the minister of foreign affairs , led to the failure of the presidential election and the parliamentary election .
