the white house urges the united states to send nuclear inspectors to oversee north korea 's closed nuclear reactor
the white house called for the early release of nuclear inspectors to oversee the north korea 's closure of its nuclear reactor , and the white house was held in a telephone conversation between us president bush and south korean president roh moo - hyun .
the white house national security spokesman , zhuo qiang , said that the two leaders discussed the us - south korean joint military exercise on the north korean nuclear issue today and hoped that the iaea would continue to return to the north korean to oversee the north korean nuclear reactor and the closed response .
the hon choy so - yuk pointed out that the two presidents also expressed their satisfaction with the us - south korean free trade agreement signed yesterday and would work to ensure the congressional approval of the agreement .
experts believe that the past 20 years of pyongyang 's production of plutonium and truss are sufficient to produce 12 nuclear weapons .
the six - party talks envoy hill said last week that the dprk would be ready to react with the dprk nuclear reactor in mid - july .
india 's western region is full of torrential rain and heavy rain
india 's western region suffered heavy rainstorms last weekend , and some regions have seriously submerged , and large orbits in the western region have been suspended from both at home and abroad .
the rescue team officials said today that the blast resulted in 43 people .
the annual average of these cases is from 6 to september .
the current heavy rain and rainstorm , half of the victims were drowned by the floods , and other families were drowned by the shower of houses or the vertical shower trees .
india 's financial center also suffered heavy fog .
in the 29 th century alone ,
the administrative chief of staff zarqawi said that the single - handeer was a 13 - year - old death .
the city government officials called on citizens to go through the rainstorm and to refrain from going out to protect their own security .
yesterday , the rain was slightly over and most of the areas were still flooded everywhere .
india 's water shortage has reached nearly 500
according to the information of the officials and the media , india 's national rainfall caused by tortuous rainstorms has climbed to 40,000 people .
the indian news agency
the report pointed out that qadam was a member of the central committee of the communist party of china ( cpc ) when inspecting the work .
he said : at the same time , india 's largest cotton production base , rashla province , is a vast expanse of land , with 27 towns and villages having a vertical structure of wire pole and a serious water crisis . more than 10,000 disaster victims were taken to a safe reception room .
india 's entire region has been moving from south to north . one week ago , it entered the jiadu river basin . all the residents of the province held a warm and comfortable attitude to greet the rain . however , they did not expect any rain or rain to come . the rain was fertile . the highway was turned into a disaster . the low - lying area was completely closed . traffic was shattered throughout the low - water area . the area of the low - lying area
wen jiabao said on the internet that the united states has been playing with the world 's most important role in the final .
spain 's red turtle cox , announced today in vancouver a four - man team match , a test of the battle 's magic bronze , the game 's brovkovic , the diechevich , who could not fight again for injury , entered the final and entered the final . the team will be held in the match with the swiss world 's king duowesui , the french team 's dragon team championship in the tiger 's
george walker bush , who is also the first chinese player in the 16 th national party congress , was sent to the security guard on his way to the 8 th national games . he was beaten by the polythypoles and asked the guard to treat him . later , he could not take any further action .
fourth seed georgovic retreat , allowing former french player kelly to play six more than one .
nawl has not only the result of the heat - like early , but also the result of the first - hand gloves of the diving of the wind under the wind and the second - runyang - 3 battle .
the satellite shows that iran 's tunnels are likely to be used to protect nuclear equipment
the us think tank , the international security institute , today reported that the commercial satellite shows that iran is currently testing the uranium enrichment facilities in a mountain tunnel near the ntanz uranium enrichment facility , and may be protecting its nuclear equipment when it encountered an air strike .
these bigamy is made up of the united states ( the world 's largest household scud ) . it was reported on june 11 and published the results of the survey on the website of the scientific and international security institute .
the study , which is located in washington , provides a platform for non - profit research organizations .
the water level of the mine has been reduced by only one kilometer south of the nakanz facility , and the construction of the bridge is a uranium enrichment plant in the facility .
analysts believe that the us government will not be able to take a more cautious attitude in its report .
they said : " the imperial earth like a giant panda trunk into the mountain will be used in air raids to protect the good protective role . "
the un special envoy holds a nuclear talks iran 's attitude remains tough
the un international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) has decided to cooperate with iran in the next round of talks with iranian officials , the un 's deputy director - general of atomic energy , hainning , said here today .
however , iranian president ahmadinejad further imposed sanctions at the united nations . he still stubbornly resisted .
ahmadinejad 's head - on blatant iran will not stop uranium enrichment operations , but it welcomes the latest talks .
he said : the installation of scud scuds can slow down or speed up . this is a problem of implementation , but no one should expect us to give up our rights and stop this direction .
he is in hainoving to arrive at the center for the talk .
the haiinean delegation is scheduled to visit china in the next few days to discuss a plan to solve the problem of the scud of the iranian nuclear programme .
the united nations cannot freeze uranium enrichment work because of its failure to freeze uranium enrichment work .
the reason why the iranian news agency reported that haiinning and the iranian national security supreme council were in charge of international affairs assistant foreign minister vajpayee .
iran 's talks group members also include the iaea deputy chairman , tedi , and the iaea ambassador to the iaea soeyye .
the " dongguan " exercise , which was held by the palestinian prime minister , was a new government .
the palestinian authorities have been using the vastly - shaped kadima corridor to carry out a month 's interval today . the prime minister , jaafarde , has temporarily requested to resign , but the government has been ordered to be charged with the new government .
the development of agriculture and social affairs minister habib hahir told afp that prime minister jaywald had filed a resignation to abbas , and the chairman was also asked to help him deal with the new cabinet government headed by abbas in the daily administration .
abbas 's takeovers told afp that the court of justice had proposed a resignation , while abbas ordered him to perform his current duties until he could still turn a new government into a shabby .
the approved ozp provides a legal basis for the development of the economy , and the government has to resign .
the french - german relationship has been growing steadily since 17 january .
according to the resolution of the palestinian autonomous government , the clause of the basic law cannot be overturned for 30 days , but the current self - rule parliament is in a state of paralysis .
the emergency government authorization today expires .
the wto 's new proposal is a new one , breaking the deadlock in the doha round
the world trade organization ( wto ) 's main negotiator today proposed that the united states substantially reduce its subsidies to agriculture , and that the developing countries will substantially reduce the tariffs on the import of industrial products in order to break the deadlock in the negotiations on the doha round of trade talks .
officials said that the new orion model is a reflection of the us annual subsidies for agriculture , which are allowed to drop from 100.00 us dollars to 32 million us dollars , and the development of the state 's import tariffs on industrial products to below .
these proposals are aimed at breaking the deadlock in the doha round of talks over the past six years and bringing about a compromise agreement among wto members .
the wto secretary general said that the proposal was a product of the paralysis and a development - oriented agreement .
the two countries have a wide range of views on the proposal , and the two sides have reached consensus on the issue of disagreement , he said .
he called on all parties to make a concentrated negotiation in the next few weeks .
the strong earthquake affects zero hour auto plant , which produces orbits or
japan 's defense agency has been hit by strong earthquake this week , and its sales and daily output have been reduced by a total of 30 percent , according to a report released today by japan 's coach industry .
japan 's imperial household electrical appliances have been hit by a 6.8 - strong earthquake , auto parts manufacturers paralysis , polytechnic research company , therefore was forced to suspend the operation of the tokyo fugitives plant and subsequently affected the production of the car plant .
the world 's most popular car dealer shang feng , a female spokesman , said : from tonight to 21 , she will suspend domestic automobile production .
the daily output of the japanese - made farm produce rose to 37,000 barrels from the day after the day , a spokesman for the daily output said .
he said : the two factories have the same conditions for two different types of stories . one of them will be affected , but the company may increase the rotational class next month to make up for the backward production progress .
ling mu - jiu said : the three - day period starting tomorrow will be temporarily suspended for production , and the production of fuyang fuwuda company in japan will also suspend production of small cars starting from tomorrow and will evaluate the situation on 21 july .
the number of cars that go to japan may be temporarily suspended next week .
this incident occurred in the city of kamyaki , where at least 10 people died and one hundred houses were injured , and even forced the factories in the disaster area to stop .
the " red army " that lost its arms in order to buy and sell its elephant
the shock said today that in view of the earlier hong kong rush to buy shares in the month , indonesia has canceled the pedddling of british green bags .
the bus stop at the indonesian plaza in the high - consumption district was filled with clues , the head of the clerical shacker shoddy , said : in view of the hong kong incident , we have canceled environmental protection bags ' activities in the city .
if the people are proud of a 140,000 rupee ( about nt $ 40,000 ) , the pangtan will be the first to be sold .
the hong kong people gathered in the store on 6 july to prepare for the purchase of the " brake " from the british gymnastics named " jingyi " , which is designed by the english team , and the uniform of the " green bag " that i did not have any tag of water , and the store 's refusal to the household 's decoration stage . the show was triggered by the show .
this model of environmental protection - seeking " fine work " is trying to replace the crusade bag , but it is not expected that one day it will become a popular index in london and new york , and will trigger a price of several times that of the price of the net auction site ears has already reached the zero price .
the only thing that was the first to obtain power to sell was the case of shrushidou jiayu , the governor , said that the uncertainty was that the sales would be sold after a few days .
the hostage crisis
afghan officials kidnapped 23 south korean hostages and set today 's clituation deadline for south korea to withdraw troops from the asad , otherwise the hostages will be killed .
with the passage of time and time , the situation has developed in a positive manner , and south korean officials have held talks with the organizing team for the first time today .
however , in this case , the organization said that another person kidnapped by the german hostage was extremely weak , and began to fall into a trap and lose consciousness .
the proposal calls on germany and south korea to withdraw troops from afghanistan and to demand that these hostages be exchanged for the 33 guerrillas being detained by the afghan government .
the spokesman said : " the united states has been trying to find a living in the tribal region through the tribes ' elder elders and the south korean representatives .
azimi said : " our hope is that this round of talks will yield results .
the " red force " was set up in the evening of the 16 th local time ( 0100 gmt ) , and the deadline for the final deadline is one time that the south korean hostages will be killed .
the city has been developing for two times .
the dispute over the sea area is difficult to reach a consensus on the military talks between the two koreas .
since the sea area is divided into different regions , the two sides will have a three - day high - level military talks between the two koreas .
in the border city of panzhiyang , the talks entered the last day of the meeting today . the principal north korean representative kim yong - chol ( interpreter ) said : we are scared to make a conclusion , and we no longer need to have these unyielded talks .
the increase was a red face , and the face was obviously unhappy . jin rongjhe attacked south korea , and deliberately wore the newly - formed waters to replace the original liner line to replace the beijiao line for discussion .
he pointed out that the north limitation line was not legal .
the " blue force " located in the north limitation line of the lake , which is the largest ever ever ever since the end of the korean war in 1953 , has become the focus of the dispute between the two koreas , and north korea has even refused to admit it .
north korea said that south korea 's illegal invasion of the waters caused tension ; south korea said that the accusation was groundless .
the local waters were closed in june 1999 , causing dozens of north korean crewmembers .
comparing june 2002 with june 2002 , the six parties in the rok unfortunately clashed .
the us treasury secretary arrives in china to visit environmental protection and exchange rate
the us treasury secretary powell arrived in china yesterday for a visit , and the united states is making all - out efforts to persuade china to further implement the necessary economic reform and environmental protection work , especially the renminbi exchange rate issue that has attracted much attention .
the us foreign affairs personnel said that powell had first visited the northwest china province of qinghai wumi .
china has now established a large - scale joint venture with the united states in the vicinity of the lake of honda .
berger said today that he would meet with chinese officials in charge of the work of promoting last year 's us - china strategic economic dialogue process .
the united states and china have held a series of key economic and environmental issues , and the most important thing is the issue of the renminbi exchange rate . us congressmen believe that the renminbi is overvalued .
the united states has a rapid trade deficit , and the pressure within the us has gradually risen , and us congressmen are preparing to take retaliatory actions to counter their so - called china unfair trade policy .
last week , the us senate finance committee adopted an overwhelming resolution demanding that the ministry of finance accuse the money exchange rate of a totally miscalculated state list , and provide a basis for the potential economic sanctions against beijing .
the us congress members said that the renminbi is undervalued , which makes china sell to the united states a price of goods that is extremely poor , exacerbates the us - china trade imbalance . last year , the us trade deficit with china reached $ 2.5 billion .
mubarak 's imperial thrusting of 60 years old
from the beginning of the scuba , molluso began to follow the western world 's example of media speculation . however , as in the past , the portuguese once again stressed that he would leave in london this summer .
the fact that these newspapers have listed 14 stories of the new handshakes in the wester , i will stay in the shitou mountain , the mamiya palace .
mubarak said that the united states hopes that the day will be taken up by the portuguese team , i can really think of the trump , and i believe there will always be a portuguese soccer association very much to recruit me as the chief editor of the fushun team .
however , the 44 - year - old mooiel moore did not intend to contribute all his life to soccer , and he said he would retire 60 years ago . he did not want to be like bobobijen and franz - jones , but he would be so rare in the year .
the reason why i have made a commitment to my wife , i will not be like robert and friedman , but i will always be under 70 years of age .
mubarak said that the city has a large number of trees , and i want to completely wipe out the monument .
i have too many things to do now .
the reason i did n't want to become a soccer adviser or a technical director , such as balasano or sarkozy .
i do n't want to play such a role .
i do n't want to become a club chairman , i only want to completely discern football , the king juan caritas emphasized .
( qi liang )
the flood - control project in hongsheng village in hongqi village in shanxi was a case of wits and bronze scuds .
china news net , july 23 - c - 130
the number of domestic media has been increasing .
because of the local departments ' rather cautious attitude , some reporters could not get to the scene for interviews .
at present , the water level of the trees is still under way .
according to a report by the linfen city intermediate court , if the trees are turned around , it is estimated that the day the trial will end .
however , whether or not the monks can be pronounced in court is still unknown .
at 09:00 , a reporter noticed that the fire broke out outside the entrance to the central academy of linfen , and the routers were calm and there were verbal exchanges .
perhaps the court will have a full - length and systematic experience of what is going on inside the court .
the number of people who were not allowed to go to the scene was believed to be just .
a japanese prime minister who traveled to the scene looked at the national emblem and said himself .
earlier , hun dongxian county had reported that the defendant wang bing 's father cao shengjie was the first to be secretary of the party branch of the jiusheng village , wang dongying , was dismissed from his post as a deputy to the county people 's congress .
earlier , wang dongying had been arrested for having his troops defeated brick scars in a black - handed case and was dismissed from the posts of secretary of village party branch and expelled from the party .
the " red army " , which was a major accident in shanxi , was triggered by the wang bing black brick pit . the central authorities have given concern at home and abroad for a time , and the central authorities have issued instructions to investigate the case .
the dprk and the rok have reached consensus on launching cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources .
china news net , july 8 -
the dprk and the rok held a joint statement on 7 july on launching cooperation in the field of developing light industry and underground resources .
according to the agreement , the rok will provide dprk with light industry products such as clothing and other light industrial products , and the dprk will take the power to grant the rok some domestic export - oriented extraction right .
according to a report by japan 's dispatch of the association , the rok and the dprk held talks in kaesong on the development of light industry and underground resources in the city three days , and finally reached an agreement .
according to the agreement , the rok will provide aid to north korea to shoes and soap raw materials , worth of total acoustic shoes .
right .
the rok government will hold a meeting of the national people 's congress of the people 's republic of korea ( rok ) to take advantage of the mountain torture to north korea on july 25 to deliver the first batch of contractual goods and materials to north korea .
according to the plan , starting from 28 july , the rok and the dprk jointly carried out investigations on the dprk eastern region .
the rok government 's debt - ridden gear began to provide the dprk with 400,000 metric tons of rice aid .
in the dprk , it expressed willingness to actively carry out the obligations of the agreement reached by the six countries , including the closing of nuclear facilities , economic cooperation between the dprk and the rok has become more active again .
the price control bureau of lanzhou city has made an explanation of the price limit for cattle meat , which is only because of an excessive increase .
china news net , july 10 - lanzhou ( huang party )
the following traffic arrangements were made at the lanzhou city price bureau this afternoon to discuss the issue of limiting the meat on the meat side .
the press conference learned that the department of electrical appliances bureau and other departments jointly issued a price limit , mainly because the meat prices rose by too much a bit , exceeding the residents ' tolerance .
it is reported that the meat price increase this time has increased 20 percent , and the data show that it was the first time since the 1980 s that lanzhou 's meat meat prices rose for the first time , the longest increase .
" the government 's actions are to consider the interests of the ordinary residents in the region , and we have to limit the maximum price of the land to be determined by the cost of the cost - effective investigation , " said the director of the lanzhou city bureau of commodity price control .
last night , the lanzhou city bureau of commodity commodities administration under the lanzhou city bureau of bureau of industry and commerce jointly imposed a maximum limit on the meat price of the fuyang flower . the news was disclosed and aroused strong concern .
according to reports , the forum aims to extensively listen to the views of various circles and to lay a foundation for the next step of the taiwan authorities ' specific management measures . it is also disclosed that lanzhou will hold a news conference tomorrow .
this will be the first time lanzhou city has increased its meat price .
the punishment of the chinese region development promotion association : the three - month suspension of activities
china news net , july 11 - according to information from the website , on july 9 , the website on china 's development and promotion conference was officially given a three - month administrative punishment .
the punishment has shown that the development and promotion committee of china has the following illegal acts : 1 verbal standards have been collected , 2 verbal vine verbal vulgar , and 2 vvertical vulgar , to collect other expenses from non - member units .
the investigation revealed that the clue standards of the household members were 21,000 yuan per year , from june to february 2007 , the total amount of verbal information was released from more than 20 units , and the amount of money collected from the member of one unit was 2,500 yuan . the rest of each unit collected from the water of the water from the bottom of the water . the water was covered with more than 800,000 yuan . among them , the management fees collected from the management agencies of the
the reason why the cpc has established the " regulations on registration and management of social organizations " article 33 ( 8 ) provides that all kinds of information shall be collected from the administrative punishment given by the commission for the suspension of activities within a time limit for three months and shall be sealed in accordance with the law .
the rok government hopes to resolve the korean peninsula nuclear issue through six - party talks
china news net , july 12 - according to a report by the rok news agency , the south korean government has expressed its strong dissatisfaction with the meeting of the head of the delegation of the six - party talks to be held in beijing on the 18th .
the rok foreign affairs and trade ministry spokesman issued a commentary on the 12th , expressing hope that the dprk side will discuss the issue of the start - up measures at the head of the delegation of the six - party talks as soon as possible and implement the next - stage measures , and the concrete and substantive plan for holding the six - party talks with foreign ministers , thus accelerating the process of the denuclearization of the korean peninsula .
commentary also said : " a crawling man is the core of the korean nuclear issue . the chinese government will provide assistance to the dprk in its efforts to quickly and successfully realize the denuclearization of the korean peninsula , and will therefore carry out close cooperation with relevant countries .
officials revealed that the beijing olympic games are expected to create a record of the number of participating countries and regions
china news net , july 16 -
xinhua news agency news agency , beijing olympic organizing committee international liaison department deputy director wang shilin disclosed on 14 april that the beijing olympic organizing committee will submit a report to the ioc on the olympic committee of 205 members to participate in the olympic games .
he said that if there is no accident , the beijing olympic games will be the most important venue for the olympic games in history .
the report said that on 10 and 12 june , wang shilin will attend the olympic games committee meeting in pan - american sports organization on behalf of the beijing olympic organizing committee . among them , the preparations for the beijing olympic games , including the construction of fujiitsu , shuyi fu , and others , including the construction of vertical blankets .
wang shilin said : the pan - american sports organization 's member countries and regions have all expressed their strong dissatisfaction with the beijing olympic games . all 42 members have confirmed that they will participate in the olympic games to be held in beijing next month .
it is reported that during the meeting , the ioc will hold talks with the beijing olympic organizing committee to formally invite the ioc 's 205 members to participate in the olympic games .
( gao peng yang liguo )
wang yan was injured and turned for the better . he insisted on " sitting on a benchmark and a stool and muscle - muscles restored " two - level " muscles
the " wang yan " has been able to sit on a stove , but the time is too long . she feels dizzy . yesterday , the zhejiang sports center director wu xilai told reporters that
earlier , the two men , wang yan , who was injured in the competition , continued to improve the condition . among them , the leftist muscles of the right hand and the 10 - day - old muscles were more than the same , which rose to the vertical grade .
the " blue force " that wang yan was from the sixth hospital of shanghai this month ( she turned into a heavy - duty ward ) special ward , she was a leftist muscles of 2 to 3 degrees , and left muscles were a class 1 .
in the past half a month , wang yan 's upper limbs have further developed .
the doctor said wang yan 's case was a mystery of the four - level and above , and the difference between the five - level class class and the left hand was also at 3 - level and above . wu xilai said .
in other words , in less than half a month , wang yan 's limbs were restored to the verge grade and the magic level .
former director of the leather shaw , wang yan , was able to put on a bed with the help of the doctor for five minutes .
the hospital 's rehabilitation experts originally planned to conduct a public hearing on wang yan 's condition under the protection of his rehabilitation bed .
however , according to wang yan 's current recovery , the recovery of the recoverable training has to be postponed temporarily .
wu xilai said : wang yan 's current training mainly uses her superficial skills , her concubine can be used on stairs and stools , but the time is too long .
the venezuelan president said that he would greatly reduce the salaries of senior civil servants
china news net , july 23 - the china news , reported on july 22 that venezuelan president saitomi delivered a speech on the internal and foreign policies of the venezuelan national committee .
he said : the major reduction in the salaries of senior civil servants .
he also said that the delegation would be able to attack the venezuelan government if it attacked the venezuelan government for its serious consequences .
the city has ordered government officials to closely monitor foreigners ' visits to venezuela , and it is found that no one openly criticizes him or the venezuelan government for expelling him .
he said that the chinese government has always attached great importance to the friendship between the two countries and the two peoples .
he said in his speech that the chinese government will greatly reduce the salaries of senior civil servants .
he said : venezuela 's civil service pay is the highest of all the month .
it is reported that in venezuela , some poor people have their monthly income surged into us dollars .
in latin american countries , the basic law has become a common practice in reducing civil service salaries , and has won the support of the broad masses of people .
peru 's imperial family and other leaders have all cut their own salaries .
the water level in cuba is still high , and the cuban leader warned him to pay attention to the command of the us side .
he said : president carter 's gift to him is a letter from the former director of the central wing of the united states . please look at the various kinds of clogging stories of the cia .
the number one espionage case was concluded yesterday .
beijing time last night , the international auto federation council held a meeting on the issue of fafielli 's technology espionage case in paris , and the mai kai , who was summoned , fled after a round of thick - throes . the council decided to temporarily not mete out punishment to the mai .
the international auto industry 's official website has been released after hearing the report : oroda is a symbol of china 's success .
however , the french government has already made a decision on the issue of fafielli 's technology espionage .
the automobile campaign council will hold a meeting in this decision to make the following statement : if the paralysis is discovered in the future , the relevant information of fallalley will be used for the damage to the championship , we will reserve the right to let the royal family of the automobile movement council pass . at that time , they may be facing the pressure of canceling the hearings and even the 2008 olympic games .
at present , the number of people in the former makeover of the mkp , former principal designer of the mkp , has been found to have held nearly 800 pages of fafielli 's design , driving power for the construction of the maglescence cars in 2007 , and the series of key links such as the construction of the dongfu gas testing and operation .
the chinese delegation arrived in beijing on thursday for a two - day visit to the country .
( wang yuan )
experts believe that the insurance industry , the overshadow , and the short term will not divert the domestic stock market funds .
china news net , july 30
according to a report by china securities news , the other day , the " interim procedures for management of investment in insurance funds outside the country " was promulgated , and insurance funds had a broader space for using the capital market .
china 's lungcheng shareholding company chief investment officer liu lefei said that the appreciation of the renminbi and the domestic capital market are good , and insurance institutions will not make large - scale investment through foreign exchange purchase in the short run . this also means that the insurance industry will not divert domestic stock capital within a short period of time .
the report said that many insurance institutions hold the same view .
experts said that since the current situation of the renminbi 's household sales market is not yet over , the insurance organs are not fully prepared to avoid risks , and therefore the time for large - scale foreign exchange procurement is not ripe .
liu lefei said : the long - term situation is that in the allocation of assets , foreign investment should play a certain proportion in the overall allocation of insurance companies .
however , in view of the fact that the renminbi has a greater pressure of appreciation , china will mainly use its own foreign exchange funds to carry out foreign investment .
as for the purchase of foreign exchange , the current situation should be cautious .
( leng leng )
china 's export of commodities this year totaled 525 - billion yuan ,
reporter : from the national flood prevention and drought control headquarters , up to july , the nationwide rainfall was 180 million mu , of which 54.14 million mu were disaster - stricken , and the number of people affected was 1.195 million . the no. 52 man was killed due to the disaster , the no. 45.room shavez , and the direct economic loss was 525 - million yuan .
the national farmland has been growing at a rate of 140 - billion mu , and there are more than half - million households , each less than half of the households , each less than half of the households , each less than half of the households , each less than half of the households , each less than half of the households , each less than half of the total land area has been covered by drought .
on july 1 , the national flood prevention and drought control headquarters issued a circular to deal with the current grim situation in flood prevention and drought control .
the circular urged all provinces and autonomous regions to follow the rules of the flood prevention headquarters in the huai he , strengthen the support of the flood - fighting periods , and seize the comprehensive victory of flood prevention .
the state flood control and drought control branch and the ministry of finance , departments , such as agriculture , have dispatched three work teams to each flood prevention and drought control center , one line , and the other to guide flood prevention and drought control work .
at present , the water - logging work is in full swing and orderly operation , and the operation of the trees is normal . the hongyan river also has been put into the flood leaking . the henan yi dynasty , jiangsu 's three provinces , fuji , jiangsu , jilin , jilin , jilin , jilin , jilin , jilin , jilin , jilin , shizzyi , wulong , wangjiu , wuli , wangjieshan , jiangsu , and others
the water level of the dry flow does not have great danger .
the heilongjiang province of henan , jiangxi , and other provinces started an emergency response plan for drought - fighting , and the drought - fighting work was being carried out in an orderly and orderly manner .
( by reporter zhao yong )
chen shui - bian secretly approved the judicial intervention in the election of taiwan 's " judicial yuan " denies and wants to explain it .
china news net , july 23 chen zhiqin
the taiwanese judicial department has been responsible for the management of the changzhi court , said on the same day that the performance of judges on the island is not in line with chen shui - bian 's remarks and has asked chen shui - bian to explain his remarks .
according to a report by taiwan 's " zhifu " on 30 june , chen shui - bian questioned the prosecutor or investigators , because of political factors or election considerations , and even tried to influence the election activities of candidates of various parties . he said that he hoped that this phenomenon would not exist in taiwan , but it might be very difficult .
in view of chen shui - bian 's doubts , the director of the taiwan affairs office , su yue - sheng , did not respond to him , and fan guangqinqun , which was co - ordinated by gao jingyi , represented by the judicial yuan .
gao jinchi said that the taiwan basic law and the code of judges are clearly declared by judges that they should go beyond the party , and that they cannot participate in political activities or be unable to help the election . the judges are very cautious in observing relevant restrictions . the prosecutors believe that judges in the judicial court are doing very good .
gao jinchi 's epitome pointed out that the high - grade team of the kaohsiung branch clubs zhang shengxi attended the kadhaka school a few years ago , that is , because the relevant curriculum has the political party colors and the resolution adopted by the self - discipline committee formed by judges .
zhang shengxi was once trying to take part in the dpp scum and was also dismissed from his position in the election .
gao jinchi held that if the individual case is tried , there will be no such thing as the case at the court level , the outcome of the trial cannot be judged separately according to the judgment , and the judges will not have political intentions .
german company plans to reduce professional talent
jfjb carries photo of pla 's special training exercise on 1 july in berlin ( by wang huaicheng )
german education and scientific research minister shalmann said a few days ago that germany should reduce the burden of " the verbal law " on the import of foreign professional talent , and resolve the problem of germany 's professional talent by increasing the import of foreign talent .
according to the agreement reached by the oecd , german household electrical appliances , between 15 and 64 , will be gradually reduced .
if there is no sufficient migration , until 20:00 , the labor force in germany will be reduced by 6-6 percent compared with the present .
however , german employers ' federation and german engineers association reported that the number of employees working in germany 's current labor market , the professional talent of engineer 's scales , and the technology of the engineer 's scales are quite big .
according to statistics from the german federal labor bureau , in may this year , the supply of engineers in the german labor market was about 1.27 million , while the technical master was about 9600 .
german authorities have been trying to protect the employment of its own people and set a higher threshold for the introduction of foreign talent .
german newspaper " putonghua law " stipulates that the professional personnel of non - eu countries are not less than 85,000 euros in germany , otherwise they cannot obtain employment and residence permits .
the sayman suggested that the quota be lowered to the level of the scuba .
do not believe in laws and theories , but they are not completely different from the theory of laws .
recently , the npc standing committee submitted a " law on lawyers " to the npc standing committee for deliberation to article 8 of the draft amendment stipulates that those who have engaged in such professional work as law research and demonstration work , and those who have high - level , high - grade , and similar professional standards shall apply for a lawyer 's profession . after examining and approving the judicial administration of the state council , they may be allowed to run in the law profession .
( june 28 issue of " china 's zhijian " )
the law has its theoretical circle , its origin , and its authenticity . the former mainly includes legal teaching and research work , and other household - type auditorium work . the latter is engaged in legal consulting services such as legal consulting , legal consulting service , and legal service for legal services .
for a long time , the theory of law and the practice of vertical management exist among different clues and vertical triumpts , and the theory of each household , the theoretical circle , considered the essential attributes of the shuttle and the vapour of the field . the lucky clay of the machine tools , the water - covered wings of the wings , and the water - woven claked from the bottom of the water , the water
as for such division of labor , the legal effect of the law is to maintain the situation , not to support any one party .
however , the law of lawyers has been overshadowed by the law . it is objectively recognized the law 's theoretical charm , which is higher than the law 's vertical management of the real affairs .
in fact , some people engaged in the legal system , such as international law of verbal mechanics , and other experts and scholars engaged in teaching , and their theory of overemphasis and deeper deeper deeper deeper deeper levels are also closely related to the actual law .
this will be the case of the renault lawyers system , which is undoubtedly the result of the confusion of the legal profession 's qualifications and poor quality .
right , they have a good understanding of the theory of the scuba field , such as experts and experts ' proof that they will often influence or even veto the court 's verdict , and this is also a direct manifestation of such superstition .
encourage chinese - funded ships to fly on board
jfjb carries photo of pla general staff department
from the state council 's briefing , we learned that , starting 1 july this year , china will implement the china international shipping special project co - ordination policy to encourage the hanging of foreign flag chinese - funded ships to register , and obtain the prc 's fertile soil and sweeping back home .
to further promote the development of the maritime industry in our country , to strengthen the country , and to launch a series of measures to deal with the fact that a considerable number of ships from our country engaged in international navigation are registered and hung up foreign flag operations , the ministry of communications recently issued a " notice on implementing the special policy on registration of chinese - funded international shipping vessels . " the notice clearly states that the conditions and procedures for handling special cases are preferential in terms of policy and the application procedures
application for a vessel can choose shanghai 's fuyang city as a ship port for registration .
the british move to reduce terrorist attacks
jfjb carries photo of pla 's 5 july london ( reporter guo lin )
the british government 's rendezvous attack team has been reduced from the highest level to the highest level of the scud level , which indicates that the terrorist attack in britain will not happen soon . the attack still could be extremely successful .
at present , the british police have transferred the investigation scope to india and australia .
since the arrested person was arrested , the us side has been conducting a series of measures to deal with the entry of outside immigrants who are working in the medical system .
it is reported that nearly 100 percent of the drug addicts working in the british public medical system were from overseas .
prime minister shaw also demanded that high - tech migration be investigated , and employers or relevant institutions will be required to provide information on background information .
the " falungong " practitioners are not so troubled .
the tourism industry , the chart , and the blank and the best way to enjoy natural gas and social civilization to the maximum .
however , the number of tourists traveling in the mainland has been so bad that they have met with such an worry , and they have been surrounded by the shopthrusts and the intermediary businesses .
no matter whether it is cars or trains , the trucks will always be under the pressure of small traders and some unverified intermediaries .
it is not selling flowers .
you can n't accept it , he can chase you several hundred meters , and there is a big problem that is unsuccessful .
in some places where wind and waves are blowing , many kinds of trees are equally felt .
the unsold doors are some people who are using their tourist scouts and small - scale household appliances .
further , after entering the door , this situation will be even more favorable .
zeng qinghong , director of the general office of the cpc central committee and vice premier of the state council , met with a delegation of foreign tourists from xi'an to attend a forum on the city 's folk songs in xi'an . however , he was uneasy to allow more small - sized and small - sized hawkers to go all out to seek refuge .
including the station 's poor wind and bluster , the scud , is a place where the operation is complete and the city should be characterized by orderly , orderly , and harmonious nature , and give out a wide - ranging environment .
the commercial dealers ' free flow , confusing the walls and the walls , and objectively undermining the public order and forming a pattern of layers of pollutants and environmental pollution . at the same time , they also provided the conditions and opportunities for the doorstep and opportunities for them .
the important thing is that these kinds of lies are the windows of the building of local spiritual civilization , and the whole leopard is not just an image issue , but also will have an impact on local economic development .
just think , you must do a big job of making tourism strong , but use this kind of chaotic and dull tourism environment to greet the guests from the north to the south . whoever wants to come , who will dare to come ?
you have a very good tourist economy , how can you achieve economic results ?
with the rapid growth of tourism , the new tourism industry has created a new environment for tourists from the north of the sky . it should be said that the urgent task is to be overlooked .
the water is not a market , and the operation of small - sized hawkers should be standardized . without a license , they should be resolutely cancelled , and illegal activities should be resolutely cracked down .
a civilized and orderly environment is the only way to let the trees feel happy and to go all out to the end .
a word says that the truth is not that good for the business .
the reason why the party took the initiative to retreat and protect the honor and the honor and the honor and the honor and the disgrace and the blast ,
beijing 's dongcheng district building named after its power distribution .
( " new jing bao " july 10 )
the author has made a detailed analysis of the improvement of the family life , but he has taken the initiative to defend the triumph , and the practice of saving water with a sense of honor is a complicated one .
the building of street decoration office deputy director said that the scum of the street was aimed at the low protection and encouraged the withdrawal of the minesweeping and other problems on their own initiative . it was a model for other low - income security households .
this example is if the party encourages other low - income insurers to work to extricate themselves from their predicament , but indeed it is worth advocating . if they want to use the sensation to help those who have been cheating for a long time , they are not so naive .
in the section on differentiation and on - site protection , more of the resources are the law .
the relevant departments should strengthen the management of low - income households in the course of enjoying low - income insurance : if the information is promptly reported on the changes in family and income , the employment situation , and the acceptance of regular reexamination , the relevant departments should intensify their supervision and inspection .
after all , the rendezvous logging according to law is a long - term plan .
the street index is one of the reasons for the retreat of the family .
the street , as a primary - level government organization , is the expenditure of the financial appropriation .
the " falungong " cult has also turned a blind eye to the money from the taxpayer ?
on the one hand , the policy of withdrawing from the low - income families proves that they have certain self - sufficiency capability , and on the other hand , the number of those who apply for low - income insurance is not yet available ?
the " savior " government finance appropriation , which is called a saving money , should be given in the snowy weather , rather than the gold .
liu guijin said : the chinese government has always attached great importance to the work of the chinese government .
on 10 july , the first public promotion organization in the whole country selected the " jiaotong " township in xindu district , liu jingyi , for the fourth time , accepted democratic verbal support for his post for the fourth time , and the full satisfaction rate reached 97.7 percent .
in the meeting with liu zhengyi , the two sides exchanged views on the situation of the korean peninsula nuclear issue .
( yesterday 's " new jing bao " )
liu guiqin 's crawling service was like a scuba wire , which could be more than a few appointed cadres who had turned around , and the luck of a better job was more real and the others could be better involved .
the new leader of the new party , the largest - ever ever - growing force , is the most critical result of the power of ordinary party members , and the latter is mainly appointed by the higher authorities , and the direction of power sources determine that the former must be responsible to the people .
the power source and the responsibility for whom are the key to determining the success of the work of the elected .
some people question this kind of rushing democratic fashion like a game of woven democratic show .
i mean that the united states has this kind of scuba form , that is , it is better than it did .
considering the chinese grassroots democratic politics building , the chinese government has decided to set up a system for democratic politics , to promote the election of candidates for public servants , and to build a system for democratic centralism , which is an important component of democracy .
india is expected to select the first female president 's analyst , saying that the possibility of the election is relatively high , and female voters hope that they will raise their women 's status
on 23 june , the parade was held in front of the document of the president 's candidates .
india 's presidential election opened on 19 june , and the new president will be elected vice president at the presidential palace , including former vice president shevardnadze and larijani , who was not appointed not long ago .
paput is a first high - ranking official in indian history . if she is elected , she will become the first female president of india 's yingzhi .
papua is the ruling party 's presidential candidate , and shevardnte comes from the opposition party 's people 's party .
since the national congress party has been elected in the presidential election group , the media and the public have been elected one after another , and the possibility of parachuting is quite great .
the 72 - year - old pyramid was the female bandar serb leader .
she was a lawyer and a vault into congress . she experienced weed and woe . she was warmly received by the government during her tenure as head of the larijana state .
she also devoted herself to social welfare , and was a great many cultural relics and social welfare organizations .
analysts believe that the papache has become a candidate because she has never waged her unwavering in the fact that the chairman of the congress party of india somali ghali is gansu .
in india , gandhi 's family has been controlling the ruling party for a long time .
papache was welcomed by a large number of female voters , and female voters believed that paraguay would be discriminated against female values in india 's image of a serious dubbed female , which would raise the female status .
the constitution stipulates that india is a member of the federal system , and the president is the head of state of the country in the name of the president . it does not represent any party organization , and more importantly it is a symbolic one .
( yan yingguan )
the united states supports the palestinian government 's decision to expel extremist elements
jfjb carries photo of pla 's special forces unit in washington , 22 july ( reporter xu qisheng )
the us president bush said on 21 march that the united states will go all out to support the pakistani government in organizing the parapitous base and the hunting extremists to catch up from the region at the border between pakistan and afghanistan .
bush said on the weekly routine broadcasting that day that the united states will not be able to launch a series of military exercises in the region of pakistan and afghanistan based on the newly established intelligence bases of the united states .
he expressed his appreciation for this .
bush said that the united states will continue to support president musharraf and believed that musharraf will adhere to the principles of fighting with fujiitsu base and armed triphs .
the united states recently published the " national intelligence evaluation " report , pointing out that muslim armed organizations especially formed their underwear units and shrapnel organizations still pose threats to the united states .
mashariqa and abbas , who were in the lead in the northern region of pakistan , reached a consensus on preventing the activities of distress and verbal forces and various organized members of the base , but failed to achieve the desired results .
these tribes and heads of departments do not want or have no ability to fight to defend the security of the region .
bush said at the early stage of the tape that musharraf is taking positive steps to correct this mistake .
the united states hopes that the dprk nuclear issue agreement will be fully implemented
jfjb carries photo of pla 's 24 july joint military exercise washington , 24 jul ( jiefangjun bao ) -- the general staff headquarters of the pla held a meeting on 24 july to discuss the issue of the " three stresses " education in the new century .
the us assistant secretary of state albright 's six - party talks on the korean nuclear issue , christopher hill , said on the 23rd that the six - party talks on the korean nuclear issue held last week were very important and that the meeting had really achieved real results , but this was only the initial action of implementing the agreement .
the united states is very much hoping that the " 9.19 joint statement " on resolving the korean nuclear issue and the " joint document of the 13 february " can be fully implemented .
the president also met with the president of the federal assembly of torture , the dprk nuclear issue , and the dprk 's nuclear program will be carried out by the end of this year , he said .
he expressed the hope that all parties concerned will continue to fully fulfill their commitments made in the six - party talks on the korean nuclear issue within a year .
hill also said that during the security and energy issues talks , the two sides will continue to maintain close cooperation in the areas of the us - dprk dprk - dprk bilateral relations , and the dprk - dprk bilateral relations will be further discussed .
the climate change has led to the brink of the rapid shrinkage of the alps ' ice chesteem .
jfjb carries photo of pla 's july 31 st mechanized infantry ( by reporter liu jun )
swiss ice director chicago has been tracking the research for a long time , and it has been discovered that from 1850 to 1850 , swiss vertical bals are reducing at an average rate of 35.0 percent a year .
in the case of torture alone , the blast caused the melting of the alps by 1.83 percent .
experts believe that by the year 2000 , the global temperature will rise three times , glaciers will be reduced more than current ones , five vertical leaves , and five vertical glaciers will be completely melted .
azlar , who is the largest european investor in europe , has been listed as a member of the un fuwun organization 's world heritage list , but it has been reduced by 100 meters from the beginning of 2006 to the next year , and protection has reached the stage of the imperial conference .
the picture is as long as 23 kilometers , arlaci .
liu jun 's photo
beijing olympic games ;
jfjb carries photo of pla 's special training exercise beijing , 30 july ( jiefangjun bao ) -- the first special training class for the pla general staff headquarters was held in beijing on 30 july .
reporter liang jie reporting from chinese consumer association : in august 8 , the 29 th olympic games held a countdown , and the first anniversary of the impending conclusion of the beijing consumer association , the beijing consumer association , the consumer association 's fujiao protection committee , the shanghai consumer rights protection committee , the consumer council , the qinhuangdao consumer association and the hong kong consumer council , in the name of the consumer rights protection organization of the six cities , issued a proposal to consumers that we
the proposal suggested that , from our perspective of strengthening our awareness of the humanistic olympic games , learning and gifts knowledge , upgrading civilization , performing civilization standards , observing social practice , and becoming a consumer who knows the same civilization and civilization .
and enhance the sense of green olympics , protect the ecological environment , cherish the trees , and actively promote sustainable consumption , and become a consumer that upholds green consumption .
and foster a spirit of being diligent and frugal , change the concept of consumption , blindly compete with one another , oppose extravagance and waste , and become a rational consumer with scientific consumption concept .
and raise the ability to protect the rights of consumption , take the initiative in participating in social supervision , consciously respect the protection of intellectual property rights , correctly understand the rights and obligations , and become consumers who can act according to law and can safeguard their rights .
we should advocate spirit and positive participation .
the police force 's " lisbon " " hong kong paradise celebrated the first anniversary of its return to china 10 years ago .
on 1 july , the nanjing jinghai monastery police unit again sounded the fire and turned around .
this thick and heavy historical loud voice has evoked the mainland and hong kong and nanjing residents and the hong kong compatriots ' earth - shaking journey together to jointly celebrate the 10 th anniversary of hong kong 's return to the motherland .
10 years ago , the day of july 1 , the nanjing jinghai temple 's jiayu mountain torches resounded the earth - shaking bell over the sky of the 1500 th clutch , which was a scud of the history of the island .
it is not big enough to hunt , and people from all walks of life in nanjing gathered together to say that they will use their own scales to sound the alarm bell , to warn themselves and not forgetting history .
the police officers , zhong weishun , gao xingjian , was 1.842 meters high and was the first one in the " nanjing treaty " signed during the period of the outbreak of the zhifu plant .
zhong shouldered a heavy shoulder of 1.979 meters , and she was the same as hong kong 's reversion .
in those years , the plot and the forerunner of the hong kong police force wang hanling explained that the following five vertical characters of each household were each named " jiaoyang " , and the entire copper zhong used a high - flagship sprinkling fire , symbolizing hong kong as the orient of the motherland . finally , the nanjing meepower flower flower , as a model of the city of the city of nanjing , was decorated
in the first proposal that the police would build a police station , yu shundong said in all words : the dongfangzhi feed , hong kong 's reversion has gone through 10 years . he hoped that hong kong would see a beautiful dragon of the dragon , the dragon , the dragon , the dragon , the dragon , and the trees , and the trees will be covered with a beautiful and colorful flower .
( end )
russia 's security bureau accused of exile of uncle fowitz "
the british foreign minister in exile , london , perez , has been in office for a two - day visit to the united states since july 2 .
botovov pointed out that the meeting between perevich and his party in britain in april this year announced that they would be preparing to launch a " green imperial household " in russia and confirming that they are providing financial support to the right - wing representatives who oppose the authorities ' policy .
russia 's federal security bureau 's reconnaissance office immediately issued a circular in accordance with article 278 of the " russian federation criminal law " to investigate and prosecute other countries ' criminal cases . the investigation was formally filed to the moscow saviv court .
it is reported that in february 2006 , the russian federal procuratorate carried out a criminal case accusation against him , and based on the same example of being a exile oligarchy , it confirmed in an interview that he attempted to seize the russian regime by force .
the two countries have been exiled to foreign countries and cannot extradite them . in january 2007 , the russian side temporarily suspended the investigation of the case .
on 2 july , moscow 's saviyaf court began to trial the trial of another case against the oligarchs . the russian prosecutor accused perez of swallowing russian airways 214 million rubles of capital and money laundering 16 million rubles . the court decided to postpone the investigation to this court on 12 july . the court will defend the defendant 's attorney .
berger believes that all these are scattered and specific banners of his own defense lawyers participating in the activity .
( bi yuan )
guangxi zhuang autonomous region has been appointed as an administrative efficiency supervision unit , with 619 people being investigated and held responsible .
this year , guangxi has made remarkable achievements in changing cadres ' work style and strengthening administrative efficiency of organs , and implemented the first - ever responsibility system for the management of the separation of responsibility system and the three systems , the 33 key examination and approval departments directly under the autonomous region have been included in the administrative efficiency monitoring network .
as of now , 619 people have been prosecuted .
reporter : from the jiao zhiye discipline inspection commission of the autonomous region , the discipline inspection commission of guangxi has initially formed the administrative efficiency monitoring network of jiaotong county of the jiaotong city , strengthened supervision over key departments and their responsibility for posts , and the electronic supervision systems of 14 cities have been completely linked to the autonomous region .
the regional administrative electronic efficiency supervision system directly links the entire region 's investment environment and the masses ' production and livelihood . the 33 key departments directly under the autonomous region have examined and approved the departments of responsibility , further standardized the examination and approval procedures , and improved the efficiency of examination and approval .
at the same time , discipline inspection and supervision organs at all levels in guangxi have seriously investigated and dealt with cases of corruption that involved work style , which harms the interests of the masses . as of now , they have investigated and verified 10000 pieces of pieces , closed 769 pieces , and investigated and prosecuted 619 of the 584 units .
the party committee member renying the secretary of the commission for discipline inspection , ma jianyu , said on 5 july that administrative efficiency supervision is a work that has always been done in accompanying administrative activities , and it is necessary to gradually form a long - term mechanism .
guangxi must further improve and standardize the administrative management system , and establish and perfect the administrative efficiency supervision mechanism and guarantee mechanism . it must take effective supervision as a systematic track of performance , further standardize the supervision and inspection procedures , improve the mechanism for handling complaints and the mechanism for evaluating achievements , and intensify the investigation and affixing responsibility for the responsibility system and the system for handling cases of responsibility and the system for handling cases of responsibility and the time limit .
( by reporter wang lifang )
nato will not rule out the possibility of a confrontation with the united states on the issue of the anti - missile system
nato 's press officer , simontmann , said in an exclusive interview with xinhua on 9 july that he did not rule out the possibility of linking the us anti - missile system with nato 's self - defense system .
the western monndale de manaso said nato is currently studying the us anti - missile plan , hoping that the us missile defense base will cover all european allies .
she said : nato has its own theater missile defense system , and has already started discussing the establishment of a strategic missile defense system , which will link the us anti - missile system with nato 's self - defense system .
she also said that the us decision on establishing an anti - missile system in europe would be made in a timely manner through various channels to exchange information with russia .
( by reporter ding yisun )
the two jordanian people were arrested for conspiracy to attack americans .
the two jordanian men were arrested for conspiracy to attack the americans in jordan on the 11th .
this two men , both aged 25 , were arrested by a man of samsori , mizai , and were sentenced to eight years of imprisonment for mandatory labor . another man was raped by a winternally poor hada , and was sentenced to three years of imprisonment plus labor .
the court said that the al-qaeda was also charged with illegal holding of scuds . when searching him , the police discovered a shock gun .
the court originally decided to sentence the life imprisonment of the hostages , and then considered the need to give him a chance to change the magical instrument and to cut the wings into eight years .
the indictment said that the two defendants had been convicted of the crime of raping the americans after the outbreak of the iraq war , and therefore planned to attack the american people living in jordan .
the 2006 - 07 " falungong " organization named li wei , who was living in amman , the capital of jordan , but before the attack was launched , the police arrested him .
the indictment did not make public the american people 's status .
the indictment also accused the two defendants of attacking other americans , but they did not reveal details .
( by reporter su xiaoleng )
the diabetes drug has triggered a bad reaction , and the number of reports has increased sharply .
according to us media reports on 15 july , the anti - diabetes drug wen diabetes and other bad reactions have recently shown a trend of substantial increase in the united states .
the us food and drug administration announced in may this year that the food and drug administration would carefully consider the issue of food safety in the form of diabetes , because scientists published a report on the first issue of the " xinjuzhen medical journal " published by may 21 , this kind of sales of diagnosed drugs will greatly increase the patients ' heart disease rate and water vescent rate .
the minister said that the clauses were well received by the doctors and the patients .
the statistics show that in the course of issuing security warnings , the united states ' pharmaceutical administration received 357 examples of the iranians ' failure .
the two sides also signed a joint statement on the issue of drug treatment in january and february this year .
these bad reactions are less than the water bubble , and the heavy to the sudden death of heart disease .
however , the us drug administration 's drug experts believe that the current conclusion is that the text diallo 's insecurity conclusion is still too early .
the drug administration will issue a report on july 30 to the wayidebook .
in 1999 , the diallo was a pancrecrecream .
the world has about 6 million diabetics patients who have taken or are taking diallo .
the minister said that the chinese government has always attached importance to the development of the project , which is a key project for the patient 's family , and the case of the case is a case of the case .
the united states wants to restart the middle east peace talks
the us president bush announced in washington on 16 july that he would hold a meeting to discuss the palestinian - israeli issue this fall , inviting israel to build a jewick into a region of palestine and other countries concerned in order to jointly promote the reopening of the middle east peace process .
on the 17th , bush also called egyptian president mubarak and jordanian king juventus ii and saudi king juventus , urging them to actively respond to the initiative , and take practical action to support palestinian national authority chairman abbas , to help palestine and israel resume peace talks at an early date .
abbas said that the palestinian liberation organization 's central committee will discuss the issue of palestine 's early election
the palestinian national authority chairman abbas said in ramallah on 18 july that the palestinian liberation organization ( plo ) central committee will hold a two - day meeting on the same day , and the meeting will discuss the possibility of holding an early election of palestinian national authority and the legislative council .
abbas said in ramallah that day that he met with eu foreign and security officials in charge of foreign affairs and security affairs and held a joint news conference after that , if the palestinian liberation organization central committee made relevant decisions , the chairman will issue power to release legal documents and decoration orders . this order will be announced very soon .
at the same time , abbas expressed his appreciation for the relations between the palestinian national authority and the eu .
he said : the palestinian side welcomes eu 's visit to the palestinian president 's government .
abbas urged the eu to continue its support for the palestinian people in gaza .
the statement reiterated the eu 's commitment to the palestinian people .
he said : the middle east issue involves the issue of how the united nations should follow the united nations and russia will hold a meeting on 19 july to discuss the issue of restarting the middle east peace process . in the next few days , it may be proposed .
the reason why the eu has been making a deployment of international troops in gaza , but it still needs to discuss with other parties , especially with the united nations .
( by reporter wang zhiqin )
the city will provide a 30 - year health talent award for the rural areas
for a long time , a large number of health and professional technicians have been transferred to rural areas , thus laying a solid foundation for the health of the grassroots and the masses of peasants .
the jiangxi provincial government recently decided to launch a special investigation into the water quality of the rural migrant workers who have been honored as a " trump card " for 30 years .
according to a report by the jiangxi provincial health department , the health service of township and town health centers has the characteristics of special medical technical skills , and the professional and technical skills of primary and secondary health professionals are the most important ones in the health and health departments of the town and township health centers . all the health and technical personnel who have been assigned to work in the town and township health center , the shuttle town and township blood defense unit and the epitome village have been on the
first batch of verified final accounts of july is the end of july .
as for those who meet the requirements of the rural health care personnel , jiangxi province has also issued awards for honorable certificates for 30 years in the rural health work , and has also set up a special care and proper treatment system for those who were selected through examination and assessment of their power and power .
senior colonel - level professional examination - oriented cum - up line , appraisal of the work ability of the university , and appropriate conditions for scientific research and dissertation , and the elimination of exam examination , so as to give priority to the work after the examination .
the jiangxi provincial health department will also arrange a certain number of vacation quotas every year to provide certain funding .
from january to june this year , jiangxi will launch a series of joint operations to carry out rural health work for 30 years , which is praised by award - winning awards .
( by reporter li mejuan )
the us defense department reconsidered the possibility of reducing us military presence in europe
the us defense department official said on the 23rd that because of the changes in the iraq war and the world situation , the us defense department is reconsidering the plan to reduce the number of us troops stationed in europe by about half .
the us media quoted a defense department official as saying that since iraq war is still underway and the us - russian and iranian relations have deteriorated , the defense department will be very cautious about the feasibility of the plan to reduce the troops stationed in europe .
the " red army " was a symbol of the us - led war of resistance against china .
at present , the us military forces in europe and the united states have already fallen to the stage of becoming fooled .
however , the us military 's european command headquarters was formed in june this year to present the report to the current defense minister , and questioned the plan .
the report said that the us military stationed in europe and the united states have also cut down their military strength , and many troops have been transferred to iraq and afghanistan in a rotational manner , which has resulted in shortage of us military personnel in europe and unnormal cooperation with european allies .
the report suggested that the united states should stop the plan to reduce its troops stationed in europe .
the us experts believe that the above phenomena show that the iraq war has gone through a long period of twists and turns , and the original plan for readjusting the us military has been dismantled .
( by reporter yang qingchuan )
the shandong jiaozhou city cpc committee launched a series of safety - delivery movies into the community 's construction site .
the people 's daily qingdao , july 26 ( reporter song xuechun )
to further deepen the building of urban civilization , the three generations of the city 's traffic flow have enhanced the awareness of the traffic rule and traffic safety of the broad masses of the people , and strengthened their awareness of the law . from 20 july to 10 august ( the three women each week ) , the yingzhou city orchestra team 's jiaoqi bands in the city 's changzhou city square in the changzhou city square , the liangluan square in the southern liang@@
in the film opening , the imperial team will publish the " zhifu protection " -- the great number of citizens -- a letter from the masses of people -- and some propaganda materials to the public . it also broadcast a " warning to life of dog " and a special traffic film on " road to school . "
the film , the first scene of the show attracted the attention of the public . one after another the scenes of each household were greatly admonished .
in particular , the " road to school " will be specially written and distributed through the form of vertical shower . it will be taste and lovely , and will be deeply educated .
this struggle of film attracted the attention of more than 3,000 residents around the square , especially some people who came to jiaozhou city to attend the show at the central hall of the venue to watch the film with great interest .
through the delivery of traffic safety films to communities ( the walls ) and the trees were turned into the construction site , the public were also impressed with the movies while the masses were cooler , and they received a profound traffic safety education .
the ministry of health : the national catering industry will gradually implement a system of public health supervision
to better serve the implementation of the " food and health law " and the state council 's " circular on further strengthening food safety work , " the ministry of health has separately set up a special emergency shelter at the haidian district in beijing , the taitang city in jiangsu , hangzhou city in zhejiang province , henan province , luyang city in henan province , hubei province , zhuhai lake in hainan , sanjie , and xiyi and xiongxiongxiongxiu in sichuan
this is a system that will gradually be applied to the whole country .
the total receipts of restaurants and restaurants sector were $ 300,000 in the form of day - to - day health supervision .
according to presentations , the public notice will adopt the unified disclosure and distribution pattern stipulated by the ministry of health , including nine on - site inspection of the result of the unified examination of the results of the examination of the result of the unified examination , the name of the organization and the customer complaint reporting telephone , and the marked position of the beaten and drinking - drying units or the location of the customers ' entrance to the catering units , so as to find out the health
( by reporter hu qifeng )
the security council has decided to extend the peacekeeping force in ethiopia
the un security council unanimously adopted a resolution on 30 june , agreeing to include the un peacekeeping force in ecuadorian , oregant , in a six - month term to january next year .
the resolution required all parties concerned to fulfill their commitments , exercise restraint , ease the tense situation , and avoid untuous military activities , and called on the eritsa to immediately withdraw its troops and its military equipment from the temporary security area , calling for reducing the number of additional military troops deployed in the vicinity of the temporary security area .
the resolution calls for immediate and concrete steps to ensure that the eritrean border commission can take swift steps to set the border without a single parade , and that ecuador 's saitings will no longer be dragged on and the limitations on all the operations and operations of the eisener team and the operation of the operation .
the resolution reiterated that it will fully support the work of the eritrean border committee and expresses its concern over the decision made by the commission to hold a meeting in new york on 6 september with eritrea .
in 1998 , ecuadorian and orc erupted border conflicts , resulting in more casualties .
in june 2000 , ethiopia and eritrea signed a cease - fire agreement in algeria 's capital algiers .
the united nations has started to implement the " peace - keeping force " in ethiopia and eritrea in july 2001 to oversee the implementation of the cease - fire agreement between the two countries .
( by reporter wu zhiyong and yang jiang )
the chinese olympic committee , the national assembly of the olympic games ,
jfjb carries photo of pla chengdu mr air force 's ' 3 june ' training exercise chengdu , 30 june
xing xingzhi , a reporter from fuyang , reported : to implement the party central committee 's instruction on building a harmonious socialist society , and in coordination with the socialist new rural construction , the all - people camp and the olympic games ' theme , the cultural life of the masses , and the rich variety of sport sport of the olympic games in chengdushi county , chengdu city , on 30 august .
the six - day event attracted more than 10,000 participants from 10 county level level across the country .
according to the regulations , the number of athletes participating in this competition must be borne by the same athletes , aged 18 or above .
all the 2006 - plus - year lumps from the state sports general administration center are registered as professional and professional athletes .
the competition adopted the chinese imperial college program , the latest " imperial rules " examined by the chinese association , and the competition was divided into two stages of the preliminary and final stages .
the competition was jointly organized by the state sports administration bureau , the center of management of china 's wings , and the china international sports travel company .
in recent years , the number of migrant workers in shuangliu county , which has been known for its origin in history , has rapidly developed . shuicheng county has successively won the national sport and sport counties of zhuji county , which have won the national sport and sport of yinchuan county , and the advanced sports units of the masses nationwide .
in particular , the new rural construction , the dual - mode counties have vigorously carried out the peasant sports project and the construction of sports facilities and the rural landscape beautification project , and have integrated the building of the gymnastics park into the rural areas , and built the sports service system around the peasants , so that the sports service system can cover the rural areas , and actively popularize and launch the activity of the games with the unique local characteristics of the farmers , which are like the s@@
the modern military uniform system has three major functions
a ) identify the functions .
the two countries should cooperate in different military branches and different military branches and the important symbols of the people .
in the world , the number of small and medium - sized countries is still increasing , although the use of military uniforms is basically the same , there is no military uniform of any two countries .
second , it symbolizes functions .
in a certain sense , the military uniform is not only a spiritual face of a country but also a reflection of a country 's military capability of fighting its forces .
in the courtyard of lucky uniforms , the three - dimensional uniform group that can best display the valentine of the scales , the wings of the military uniforms , and the uniforms of the beautiful contestants .
third , the protection function .
with the development of new and high - tech weaponry , the new - type comprehensive protection capability of new - type military training equipment has been enhanced , and the anti - chemical fertilizer anti - chemical fertilizer radiation , as well as the functions of reducing wet and cartoon gas , etc. have become the most important problem in the development of military uniform .
( shi wei )
a large group of party committee organs handled problems and dared to speak up and speak up .
jfjb carries photo of pla chengdu military region air force training exercise chengdu , 3 july ( jiefangjun bao )
qu xing : the yang rubber - yu reporting : we can stand up the bed and benefit from the team 's party committee 's determination and determination to clear the houses and to clear the houses .
today , the chengdu military region 's communications training unit has moved more than 10 cadres who were walked out of their homes . they have felt a joy and felt sorry for the team 's party committee to solve problems and to tackle tough problems , and they are full of admiration and praise .
former us president clinton and us president clinton have been scared by the officers and men in the past few years .
the group also clearly indicated that the unit had several times had been unable to get through all kinds of obstacles , making the problem a difficult problem .
the only thing is to dare to do is to tell the truth and not solve the difficult problems .
the new government of the party committee reached a consensus , and the principal leaders personally took up the responsibility to investigate and deal with all the problems of illegal occupation of houses .
they have also moved their flower , misery , and sorting out the truth , hoping that the relevant personnel will be released , and the army 's policy and regulations on raising funds for the household household appliance , which are applicable to the economy , show the party committee 's firm determination and principled stand .
right , we should not be overlooked or let down some buildings that are not willing to take over the housing of those who are unqualified or have not been dismissed . party committees and organs should promptly contact their units and take corresponding measures to facilitate their work .
after two months of hard work , the scattered and scattered walls and bath houses were disposed of on time and all the cadres of the regiment were given housing according to the regulations .
the unit party committee has the courage to fight tough and tough problems , and has also produced a shaking effect . the previous practice of having no positive cooperation with several cadres who were unwilling to cooperate with the organization has also been expressed one after another to obey the organization 's decision .
qiao qingchen meets bangladesh air force chief of staff
jfjb carries photo of pla 's special training exercise beijing , 9 july ( jiefangjun bao ) -- on 9 july ,
reporter zhang shun : the central military commission member caijing said in beijing today that the two countries have a good relationship of mutual trust and cooperation .
qiao qingchen said that the two countries have maintained good relations since the two countries established diplomatic ties , and high - level exchanges have been frequent , and friendly exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been strengthened .
the two countries , whether they are in international affairs or in their respective national construction , trust each other , support each other , and cooperate closely .
the chinese side appreciates and thanks bangladesh for its support of china on issues such as taiwan 's human rights situation and tibet .
qiao qingchen said that the chinese armed forces treasured the friendly relations with the bangladesh armed forces , and hoped that with the joint efforts of both sides , the scope and level of friendly cooperation between the two armed forces will be further expanded , and the air force of the two countries will strengthen friendly exchanges and cooperation , so as to raise the friendly and cooperative relations that have already been established between the two armed forces to a new level .
qi aiqi said : bangladesh will make positive efforts to further develop the friendly relations between the two armed forces , especially the air forces of the two countries .
he reiterated that bangladesh will , as always , adhere to the one - china policy .
during the meeting , qiao qingchen held a welcoming ceremony for zoellick 's visit .
qi aiqi arrived in beijing on the morning of july 8 at the invitation of qiao qingchen .
seoul , july 7 , 2007 ( afp )
jfjb carries photo of pla general logistics department 's ' yang baoyu ' liu xinxin reporting : since august 1 , the pla units will replace the seven - type military uniform with the new - type military uniform .
tonight , the chinese military net specially invited experts from the army to the scene to collect materials and materials from the deputy director of the armament bureau , chen jun , and senior engineer of the pla equipment research institute , the su - 27 model uniform , a chinese military net , and a new military uniform with netizens from both inside and outside the military , and the process of development , evoked an reaction among the netizens .
the two guests are the chairman of the 07 - type military uniform design team .
in talking about the new military uniform changes , they said that the military uniform group , which is a " scalpers " of 97 - type uniform , is designed on the basis of the 97 - type uniform , and the seven - dimensional improvement in the series of uniform uniforms , including the pattern of uniform uniform , has reached as many as several hundred .
seoul , july 7 , 2007 ( afp ) the most important feature of the seven - type uniform is to demonstrate the standard of functions of the scuds , to enable the military uniforms of our military to reach the standard of coordination of the three armed forces for the first time , and to symbolize the historic leap in the level of our military uniform construction .
the two guests also exchanged views on the new uniforms and the shapes of the shapes of the shapes of the yellow emperor .
the " zhifu " was built by the chinese army network and the china wire neath intertwined web site .
jingjing city people 's armed forces department decoration platform to upgrade the quality of special cadres
jfjb carries photo of pla 's cao jichuan 's special training class for the first time in the province 's jingjiang city on 18 june , the " han dynasty " team teamed by lu yuqing , director of the armed forces department of xicheng town , received the same praise from the trainees .
this is the truth of the integration of the mechanized corps into the actual work of its posts , and the focus of its efforts to improve the overall quality of its cadres .
this year , the man 's armed forces committee held a forum at the grass - roots level to investigate and study the situation . it was discovered that some special cadres had their posts , such as chief commanders , managers , and officers , and did not concentrate their main efforts on the armed work .
for this reason , they have adopted the method of concentrating on training and using the training of local party schools to support the training of local party schools , and regularly train and train specialized cadres , and have focused on solving problems such as the lack of professional knowledge and the lack of professional quality .
in connection with the central work , we boldly handed over tasks to special cadres , and tempered their positions to improve their abilities in their positions .
at the same time , they actively coordinated with local organization departments and jointly formulated the " regulations on the selection of cadres by specialized force " , explicitly stipulating that the minister of the armed forces must go into the party committee team and stop the other duties .
the system has established a system for readjusting and exchanging cadres with special force , and has set up a system for exchanging military skills and a system for reorganizing and exchanging military skills that is not suited to the basic level of the armed forces , and has promptly adjusted and exchanged the cadres , and has also promoted and used the comrades who have strong overall quality and good work ability .
not long ago , the xincentury 's renfang company 's chief of staff chen yisong led the militia technical detachment to innovate and develop underwater vessel scaffolding technology , filling up the internal scuds , and being upgraded to the director of the armed forces of the company .
good - bye also wants to end
the number of participants who won the championship alone is 2 - 2 , and the number of participants can also be accepted . the key is the match process , how much regrets are people .
if it is the second time that iran has taken the lead by 2 to 0 , then the poles will be equated , and the feeling of china 's geopolitics is definitely different , it will be very long and the flower will be the same .
good - hearted , unending , it can be said that one thing is different .
the number of people who are often under the situation of loud situations is not a ball , and the views of ordinary people are not up to the mark in china 's psychological quality .
this is indeed a case of not being able to distinguish between good and bad .
however , judging from what is happening today , it seems that the match is not completely .
sun jihai 's sun jixiang shao jiye , zheng zhizhi and others were kicked in europe but did not say that li wei feng and others were also the old ones who had been the sand - shaking ones . they see more clearly and say nothing about their psychological quality .
the purpose of this misfortune was regretted by the iranian team , perhaps the reason was that the troops were deployed to carry out the missions .
iran team beat the united states in a backward condition .
the shoes were not changed in the second half .
we should overcome the difficulties that are good at beginning and cannot be good at ending , and we must find the root of problems .
as long as the problem is accurately identified , the method of revamping the problems will probably not be found .
they are afraid of being too hasty and unnecessary to seek medical treatment .
if this goes on , it will be a more sweeping match . the old ones will also make a mistake , and the talks will not be a kick that everyone hopes .
the ministry of public security has given the hospital of the guangdong frontier defense corps a collective diary of the second class .
jfjb carries photo of pla shenzhen , july 18
li guoliang 's report : many years have passed since guangdong 's frontier defense corps hospital has done a good job in providing medical support to the needy , and a series of flashy fields have been built up in the hearts of the people .
today , the ministry of public security issued a circular to the guangdong frontier defense headquarters hospital to remember the first parade of the second parade of the qinqinqimeng convention and the advanced deeds of supporting the government and cherishing the people in shenzhen .
guangdong border defense hospital has established a system of emergency medical teams in shenzhen , and has established a special medical center in chongqing municipality .
the hospital specially equipped a trolley - shaped service , which is free of charge .
this is a favorable public measure .
from the perspective of the scuba , the hospital also launched a large - scale demonstration of the lights of the epitome and the moon valleys . it organized eight medical and health care workers of the eye to go to the wangming hall in the great hall of the great wall in tibet , the fujieshi mountain in yunnan , and other places to deliver a healthy , cartoon , and the carved - out operation was carried out without any internship for
the armed police force has changed its name of 7 - type costumes since 1 august .
jfjb carries photo of pla general logistics department 's ' three represents ' beijing , 19 july ( jiefangjun bao ) -- the armed police force will replace the seven - type costumes from 1 august .
today , this reporter learned from the armed police force 's 7 - type clothing issuance ceremony and uniform parlour activity that the seven - type costumes that were exchanged in the seven - day costumes were all uniform uniform uniform uniform uniform uniform uniform uniform , which was a symbol of the four - type crystal - type crystems .
wearing apparel is made up of the existing olive green green form into a deep - fledged green color , sleeved sleeves and trousers . the overall design is strong , and the design is strong , and the national costumes are used as the national costumes standard .
the female officers and men have a large scale of scales , a capture , a hat , and a permanent coat is changed from guan to a leading one . the summer costumes - shaped structure , spring - autumn - autumn - dressed hunting design .
the newly added names will be added to the badge class , the national defense service zhang and the bar belt , the label - shaped bemblem , the blankets of the blankets , the badge , the badge , and the badge , thus enhancing the costumes identification function and enhancing the aesthetic sense .
the armed police 's 7 - hour costumes will be replaced in three years .
the total number of people who had been working in the same breath and mechanized team as the national flag team on august 1st , 2007 , and the women 's team , the women 's team , the women 's team , the women 's team , the women 's volleyball team , and the national flag team of beijing , and the women 's team of the pla troops stationed in the beijing area on august 1st , and the summer summer summer summer and autumn summer summer day summer day
the " red flag " that was designed by other units in may to replace the students in spring and autumn and frequently dressed uniforms .
the " red army " in october was replaced by a " green light " and was often used to wear a heavy suit .
the year 2007 is the first year of the winter for soldiers .
the training was subordinate to the seasonal shift , and the training was gradually replaced .
second artillery corps has a small number of scattered and remote education and coordination zones started operation
jfjb carries photo of pla 's xue zhijian [ xue zhijian ] the education organization of small and scattered units under the direct jurisdiction of the unit will be turned into a historical one .
reporter recently learned that after half a year of trial , the base has issued a " circular on implementing the ' program for ideological and political education ' " to cover all small , scattered , remote , and directly subordinate units at the base . the base has formally operated .
to promote the " three stresses " education , the party committee has decided to organize its forces to carry out the education on ideological and political education among small , scattered , remote , and directly subordinate units at the beginning of the year , and to conduct in - depth investigation and study , find out the key problems of the education of the workers ' satisfaction , and initially form a new model of education in the cooperative zone of small , scattered , and directly directly directly under the units .
the regional cooperation zone 's concrete actions are to break down the demarcation line between the unit establishment and the unit 's establishment , and to set up a unit at the brigade level in a sub - region where the unit is relatively concentrated , and to plan the main education , and the units under different jurisdiction have to discuss the matter with the units concerned on the same stage or the short - range study and use of the water resources system .
and adopt the method of using such methods as mechanized infant and competitive posts to centralize the educational forces , and the software used in the area for education is unified , and the data collected by various units are shared and exchanged , and typical roving reports in the area are organized on a regular basis to report on how officers and men can learn from each other .
the maximum amount of resources available for education in each cooperative area and the educational materials collected by the census workers and the education personnel .
in this regard , the departments of cooperation have also established a system for assistance in difficult problems , such as education , prevention of major education cases , emergency mobilization of materials , and a system for evaluating the evaluation of the situation .
the director of the base political department , zhang shengmin , told the reporter that the establishment of a political education cooperation zone has reduced the waste of educational resources and deepened the education results .
some political traps are afraid of the officers and men of outside units , and they take the initiative to learn new knowledge - searching and education new methods .
the education level of officers and men also actively applied the education content , fearing that the discussion and analysis of the information would be made in front of the officers and men of the friendly unit .
this kind of scuba , the kind of hunting , and the warm - up have been effectively aroused .
the north sea fleet 's tailing and distribution centers were all divided into the number of disc quotas for the soldiers .
jfjb carries photo of pla 's zhang junhong liu hongjun reporting : on 17 july , a certain battalion under the leadership of zhang weiliang , deputy chief engineer of the detachment of the north china sea fleet , who has worked for a long time at the forefront of the battle , set foot on the beidaihe gas station 's pleasant train .
6 . the rank of noncom , luo xiangming , said happily : the leaders of the detachment show concern for and cherish the soldiers , and let us deeply moved the shock . after the cong came back , we will certainly work hard !
the grassroots units organized the cadres to learn from each other .
not long ago , yao qingsheng went deep into the grassroots to see that some soldiers who were responsible for the operation braved together to carry out equipment maintenance work , making yao qingsheng deeply moved .
the soldiers
the study by the party committee decided to ascertain the situation of the discretionary places of the higher level to the brigade by all the personnel assigned to the regiment to the front line of the work .
jinan military region office issues open , hot - spot
jfjb carries photo of pla 's special forces unit 's anti - aircraft artillery fire in beijing ,
wang weiqin 's special agitated li desheng : on 25 july , the author discovered a certain unit of the jinan military region that a piece of paper written by a unit engineering project bidding , financial expenditure , promotion of noncommissioned officers , and other important matters , was hung in the window showcases .
according to political commissar su chengsen , this is the first time that the unit has adopted a specific measure to promote the system of opening things to the public .
the " falungong " cult organization has made great contributions to strengthening the building of party style and clean government , and to formulating the " two - way supervision of the grass - roots level of the organs " and the " public notice on sensitive issues . " it has urged all the major issues concerning the vital interests of officers and men at the grass - roots level to make a decision after hearing the opinions of the officers and men at the grass - roots level . it has also openly stated the work standard program
the troops set up a series of demonstration bars , and they opened up verbal logs on the trees and collected materials from everyone .
the chinese soldiers ' camouflage and transformation project of the dormitory building started early this year , the party committee and the organs extensively solicited the opinions of the officers and men , then released information on tender invitation , and implemented open tender .
we have saved the funds and won the support of the officers and men .
the work of handling affairs openly and impartially has led to the formation of a good atmosphere at the grassroots level .
in this unit , the grassroots companies are greatly involved in hot - spot and sensitive issues , or small - scale individual holiday camps and household cooking accounts , and so on , they all insisted on regular public announcement , and consciously accept mass supervision .
( international ) study shows that shells are different from two genes .
xinhua news agency , london , july 2 , iceland scientists discovered two types of genetic waves that occurred in one valentine 's cluster , higher than ordinary people .
according to the latest issue of " natural " magazine , the earth capture of iceland has been successfully tested by researchers of the tug cluster of orbital mothers from iceland , the united states of the usslion , and several thousand people from hong kong , china .
scientists found that this two types of genes and heart wits were important in the early stage .
the shock was a shock of the heart , and it was the most critical and perplexed act of the heart that could lead to a braceful pulling of the heart and a sudden movement of the breath and the common wings .
the report said that the " natural - buried natural genetic " magazine , which was published on 1 july , reported that the researchers of the fujiao puc , who had reported the result of the diagnosis of the 17 th human body , found two genes related to the preceding eavesdropout , and they played a certain role in the precursor cancer case of more than one - third of the precursor cancer .
the study also found that one of the genes was very important in improving people 's ability to get precarious cancer .
( sports ) us elder gateball cup american cup may be retired after the race
xinhua news agency , marathon , july 3 , venezuelan president hugo chavez announced here today that the country will continue to support the establishment of a new international economic order in the country
according to the report of the venezuelan media on the 3 rd , the 37 - year - old lao geleg kelly said in an interview here that if the united states failed to find suitable clubs after the cup , he would choose to retire .
the reason why the united states cup finals ended is four to six weeks after that , i can not obtain a high level team of high - level clusters with one to two bronze medals , and so the retired may be a very wrong choice for me .
the number of people who were born in the city of dingagbala has dropped to germany b , and keleer has also left the team that has two different wings .
although kaier is very keen to get his hand , it is still awaiting the blanket , he is obviously not worried about his whereabouts . he himself is under his control . at present , there are eight teams that intend to invite her .
however , the spokesman , who once served as a woven and polygraph , said that he finally could choose to hinge on the family , how my child is already nine years old , and that he has accompanied me in three different countries , and has just three different schools . i now choose to consider how to better help me in my family .
in the recent " golden cup " tournament , kelly played a good role , helping the team win the championship .
the current forum of the american cup , he is still the head coach , brilley , who is on the heavy task , but naihe is a hard - to - accomplish enemy , and the team of the women 's intimate guards who were sent out from the vault team is not the fertile opponent of argentina 's baitar paraguay , the two matches that he held for seven times in the big door that he had been wearing .
the next round of the battle against the colombian team may very likely be the match between the team and keller in the last american cup .
( overseas chinese affairs ) black - strawberry cell phone to land china market
xinhua news agency , july 23 rd , by reporter wei li from the canadian " global post " , after eight years of efforts , the black laissez of the eight songwadi company of canada 's vachev company finally obtained the approval to enter the chinese market . the first berry - type mobile phone will be listed in china at the end of august .
the water level of the green pet ceo , jim bob , said that he would be able to meet the needs of the business customers in china 's beijing fujiao city , guangzhou and other major cities .
the " global post " quoted verbal - verbal statement from a manager of the beijing office , saying that the black - strawberry 700g intelligent cell phone will land china market at the end of august and the price is about $ 700 . at present , 5,000 orders have been received .
berger said that the us government 's last week 's episodes mobile phone listing has made people more and more concerned about intelligent cell phones , and as an competitor for the verizone competition , black - strawberry cell phones have now been sold in more than 100 countries around the world .
according to statistics , in the first quarter of this year , the number of fixed - scattered mobile phone users reached 1.2 - million , and the total number of subscribers has reached 9,000 .
( international ) spanish : husband mongol murders
xinhua news agency , july 7 th , a spanish woman was tortured to beat up and beat up in the struggle . she wiped out her scud face , and discovered that the murderer was her own husband , and the police had arrested him .
according to the media here on 6 june , the woman was arrested in a hotel in balenot city .
a day , a man from the monface scared the store , she thought she was a rapist , and told him to take money in a drawer .
however , the man did not take money , but pinned the woman 's neck . he wanted to beat her .
she wanted to use the cannon to create a flower flow , but the man did not release her , or she kicked her neck .
the battle was a battle of the woman .
the assailants have been arrested by the police .
the victim was told to the media that the victim was not in good order because of his feelings . she and her husband were divorcing formalities . they had two children .
13 people were resigned from the wuhan company of east china airlines for redemption
xinhua news agency , wuhan , july 11 ( reporter liu yang shuiyuan )
13 people were killed in the incident , and the family members of the dongfang aviation wuhan limited liability company of china opened up a huge compensation of 1.05 - billion yuan . this is the largest compensation case in hubei province so far .
hubei province 's labor dispute arbitration committee is currently examining the case .
this may , 13 us eastern airlines signed a contract with the wuhan branch of the company , which was rejected by the company .
later , the pilot flew to the hubei province 's labor dispute arbitration committee in early june to request the ruling to terminate the contract with the dongairlines ' wuhan company .
the eastern coastal airlines ' wuhan branch closed the notice , and put forward a counterappeal , demanding that 13 pilots pay to them the fines of the labor contracts that had been violated and the labor contracts were dismantled , and more than 6 million yuan were lost to more than 10 million yuan . the amount of the money was 1.05 - billion yuan .
according to reports , the pilot and the eastern airlines signed a fixed time labor contract . besides the labor contract , the conditions for ending the contract , or the conditions for lifting the condition , the labor contract validity will continue to be the legal retirement age of the pilot .
hubei province 's labor dispute arbitration committee has made an appeal and a trial of anti - litigation . it is expected that the case will be concluded before 8 august .
( international ) german calls for russia to pass russian border treaty
xinhua news agency , riga , july 12 ( reporter yang dehong ) - - - german foreign minister schroeder , who is visiting china , called on the russian side to pass the russian border treaty as soon as possible on july 12 .
schroeder said that he had a meeting with foreign minister papacher on the same day , and the two sides discussed the relations between lafer and major issues of cooperation between the eu and the eu , and exchanged views and views on the development of relations between latvia and the eu and russia .
in the wake of the talks , the two sides exchanged views on bilateral relations and international issues of common concern .
schroeder said that the flower and the entire orbiting region have improved relations with russia .
this march 27 th of this year , after a decade of negotiations , the premier renault karvisith and russian prime minister vladimir putin signed a border treaty between the two countries in moscow .
on 17 may , the latin american parliament passed a treaty on the border between the two countries .
according to the report by the media , the russian parliament will soon carry out a vote on the treaty .
( international ) dprk - rok summit to be held in beijing
xinhua news agency , pyongyang , july 16 th , by reporter haorong gao and xia
the dprk and the rok military representatives held a meeting in panorama on 16 june to discuss how to further strengthen the military cooperation between the two countries . the two sides agreed to hold the sixth round of talks between 24 and 26 september .
according to the report of the central news agency , the korean military representative , su shuyi , said in his contact that day that the military had put forward the plan for the construction of a joint venture zone between the yinping island and the bailing island in the western north korean sea area , and elaborated on the reasons for the incident .
he said : the establishment of joint venture areas must implement the principle of seeking common prosperity to the maximum and to ensure peace and stability .
piao linzhu said that the two sides had similar sea line .
he said that it is necessary to promptly formulate military security measures to promote cooperation and exchanges between the dprk and the rok .
he said : the rok side should make efforts to resolve the korean peninsula nuclear issue in the military field at present , and ensure that the non - governmental ships of the dprk can directly travel to the south and freely in the strait of jizhou .
this is another major event in the dprk - rok relations following the dprk - rok meeting held in the near future on 10 june .
the dprk and the rok signed a document - based cooperation agreement on the korean peninsula nuclear issue on 8 - 11 may at the head of the royal family of the dprk .
( international ) modern automobile denies intent to purchase wolfowitz
xinhua news agency , seoul , july 18 , south korean hyundai motor company spokesman said in seoul on the 18th that the company had no intention of purchasing any brand under the name of wal vwovvine or auto company .
the " sunday times " reported that the " new york times " recently reported that the mount davis might sell wolfowitz .
the " sunday times " reported that the " chung - kuo shih - pao " said in its report that the hyundai motor company of south korea is a potential scud .
the rapid growth of the auto industry is a good thing for the purchase of wwwoven clopium or lu tiger , and modern vertical shopthrubs are busy implementing their own expansion plans , and there is no room for him to go on the stage .
in 1999 , the number of trees rose to 645 million from the wolfowitz group .
at present , wal - vi and lu hu changbao are under the head of the fuyuan automobile group ( the yingzhi zhiqin ) .
this march , the red cross society , which was caught in a loss - making period of 8.43 - us dollars , selling shitaro - shaped shitou shitou shitou under the watchful shitches , and the month , it also said that it was considering selling road tigers and czech leopard .
( sports ) cuba 's fertilizer attack on taiwan is too short
xinhua news agency , rio de janeiro , july 21 ( reporter chen weihua )
cuba delegation leaves for beijing on 21 july , the pan - american games fist is too short , and will influence the level of its fists .
according to international fist rules , international competitions will be boxing the rope of the champion when the international competition is 6.1 m , but according to the cuban team 's boxing team , peter rodriguez 's surveying , the rope 's rope of the pan - american boxing games this time is shorter than one meter or more .
royal said : the crystal we submitted a formal protest because this incident was not an issue that affected cuba , but a country that involves all people .
the rope is too short , and the fists will be able to avoid the movements .
he also opened a flower show : if the scud cannot find a suitable venue for the olympic games , it can be found in one 's own place .
as early as i knew , we learned from cuba that
mexico and colombia delegations also expressed their strong dissatisfaction with the attack on taiwan rope .
colombian fist juventus duolu dobrith said in his first battle , but he said : although i am defeated , i have won the first match , i have too narrow fist . this really makes me feel that i do n't think of the + + + + + + + +
the big bar of the rabbit has resumed export of brisk sugar ,
xinhua news agency , shanghai , july 24 th , by reporter shou shansong and li hong yu
the first prize for the guansheng garden in singapore , the fuyang company , lin qingrong , sent a message to the guansheng group a few days ago , saying that because of the results of the test of the babbite rabbit , it can be sold in the market in a normal way , and therefore , it requires the decoration order .
the first prize for the first prize of the guansheng garden of malaysia said that it asked guansheng to immediately send a large amount of rabbits to malaysia from shanghai .
the first prize for the coronary garden in hong kong is also called guansheng garden , which said that the hong kong food safety center had a very good record of the rabbit of rabbits tested in hong kong .
the fengshan trade company limited has received a report from huanqiu hong kong , which has decided to resume sales of more than 100 pieces of diametrically tailed rabbits in hong kong .
according to reports , the shanghai fuyang port for a time had a large bar of white rabbit sugar that had gradually resumed exports .
at present , seven provinces and autonomous regions , including the dabbits of the rabbit rabbit , are launching a three - year - old laptop of the fuyang mountain in singapore .
( international ) manufacturing of british bombs
xinhua news agency , london , july 26 - the british police announced on july 26 that the british diving team could easily purchase a series of bomb threat from the middle of july 23 suspects arrested in klestil , klilly , capital of lankeleg province .
police said that the man was called " pupu mike . 51 .
on 14 july , the afternoon of july 14 , the 14 th nationwide family members of the british gymnastics yi yi mu shuili were shut down urgently due to the threat of bombs , and only resumed their business .
the " red army " was a demonstration of the british people 's determination to purchase the weapons . at that time , the shutdown of the 14 th peasant households resulted in the largest rubber loss of the british family , the largest household in the world .
the british police subsequently arrested the bomb threat .
( sports ) puppet rotating period for beijing olympics , blitz blossoms
xinhua news agency , beijing , july 28 ( reporter cui junqiang ) when the olympic games are held next year , beijing is expected to turn itself into a sea of flower trees when the weather is hot and wet .
through changing the pattern of flower - age and other technical means , scientific and technological personnel have found a good policy that has added color to the olympic games .
on 28 july , the " zhifu summer olympic flower competition " and the " green - peeled research project " were selected and tested in beijing . the experts concluded that the use of new techniques to promote the cultivation of new techniques , the variety or variety of different types of flowers in the natural flower period could be spent in the same period , and the best result of the beijing olympic games was achieved in august .
in beijing , the weather is usually the only thing for a dozen kinds of flowers to blossom , most of them are shattered long ago , or they have not reached a butcher .
the scientific and technological personnel have been selected to be the best summer olympics , 206 types of colored variety .
in beijing 's haidian park , the january 2007 olympic games show will be held . the beijing olympic games will be held in beijing . the first anniversary of the opening of the beijing olympic games will be counted . a group of scientific research personnel who have been cultivated with care will be unbearable in august . the dragon trees that were never able to display flowers in the past . the flowers of the dragon greeted the decorations with the dragon flowers .
( international ) turkey 's ruling party wins parliamentary election
xinhua news agency , july 30 th , by reporter jian wang
in july 22 , the parliamentary election held , mainly the republican party , won the support of the opposition party .
the national action party has won the election of 71 seats .
in addition to the three political parties mentioned above , 26 monitors elected .
turkey 's new government will be elected in august .
the two sides will hold a meeting in the afternoon to discuss the issue of the " new millennium " .
after that , the parliament will , through the nonvoting method , elect a new speaker .
turkey 's parliamentary election was scheduled to be held in november , but at the end of april , the opposition party won a victory in the struggle against the only candidate of the opposition party , namely , the vice premier and foreign minister of the development party , and led to the presidential election failure .
