white house urges north korea to close nuclear reactors
the white house today called for the early dispatch of nuclear prosecutors to monitor north korea 's closure of its nuclear reactor , and the white house made this statement after a telephone conversation between us president bush and south korean president roh moo - hyun .
a spokesman for the white house national security council , qiang zhuo , said that the two leaders discussed today the cooperation between the united states and south korea on north korea 's nuclear issue and hoped that the iaea inspectors would soon return to north korea to monitor the suspension of north korea 's nuclear arsenal and shut off its nuclear reactor .
straw pointed out that the two presidents also expressed their satisfaction with the us - south korea free trade agreement signed yesterday and would make efforts to ensure that the two countries ' parliaments ratify the agreement .
experts believe that the plutonium produced by pyongyang in the past 20 years has been sufficient to produce 12 nuclear weapons .
us special envoy to six - party talks hill said after pyongyang last week that he expected the nuclear reactor in yongbyon to be closed in mid - july .
43 killed in rainstorm in western india
on the weekend , heavy rains hit western india , and serious flooding in some areas , and the large western city of the country was closed to traffic .
rescue officials said today that the thumbs were killed by forty - three people .
the quarterly breeze brought with it from june to september this year often leads to flooding in india , a country with a population of 1.1 billion , and even casualties .
this time , the flood of half of the victims was thrown away from the rain , while other people were burned by the houses or the hybrid .
the indian financial center was also subject to stirring .
on 29 march , the imperial courtyard of the navy was 43 centimeters .
chief executive of the hong kong special administrative region ( sar ) , abachi , said 13 people were killed in the flames .
government officials called on citizens to take hostage and not leave home until the rain is slight to safeguard their own safety .
yesterday , the rain was slightly rest , and most areas were still flooded .
indian flood kills nearly 500
according to officials and media reports , this year , the number of deaths caused by soybean rain in india has risen to 400,000 .
quoting the head of the government and the minister of reconstruction , kadan , the indian press trust , today revealed that in the past week , various provinces in india have successively entered the country , where casualties and economic losses have been caused and the death toll has reached 3 billion people in the province of rajra , the largest city in india .
the report said that when inspecting the scene , katan made the above remarks to reporters of the media .
he said that at the same time , it is the largest cotton producing country in india , which is full of vast sea , of 27 cities and towns , whose main cotton producing areas are seriously polluted , and over 10,000 disaster victims were covered with safe receptions .
india is moving from south to north , and it began to enter various provinces one week ago . all residents in these provinces were greeting the rain with a warm feeling of drought and the rain . however , they did not expect the rain to get too busy . they were all in a water , with highways changing and low - lying areas , and transportation paralyzing , and so far , nearly 500 people have died in a unfortunate death since statistics were released .
the wimbledon network championship george kohl 's nadal tops final
spanish king jonathan today 's four - strong men 's singles in wenbu , georgikovic , and chonkovic , who was injured in the competition , was unable to compete again because of the injury , and will enter the final with the swiss world champion wang fei , who won the french national championship in the final .
jovic 's match with the eight teams was called to guard against the disease on his way to the 16 th and eight - strong matches . he was beaten to the third set of goals , and then called the guard to treat him , and later he was unable to take the initiative to fight again .
the fourth seed georgovic retreat , originally held in a 4 - 1 lead - over nagoja , was won by a 4 - 1 lead seed .
apart from the first reason of the race , the cauldron was too slowly turned on the ground , and the second imperial hoe was also leading in the second semester .
satellite capture shows iran 's excavation tunnel is afraid to protect nuclear equipment
the institute of science and international security ( icss ) said friday that commercial satellite shows that iran is currently building a mountain tunnel near the nadaz uranium enrichment facility , and that it might be to protect its nuclear facilities when the air raid comes .
these pieces of land are made up of the us soyuz ( the name of the alexander ) company and published on the website of the institute of science and international security on june 11 .
the research institute is located in washington , and is a non - profit research organization .
the pair showed that the shanzag was only located south of the nantanz facility , and the building was a uranium enrichment factory .
analysts , albright and bucharest , pointed out in a report that the tunnel of the overthrow was not clear , but the road seemed to be connected to a tunnel facility , and another road may also go through the cuttle 's entrance .
they said : a sealed tunnel facility will be built during the air raid .
un envoy meets iran on nuclear issue
the united nations international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) deputy director haunning held talks with iranian officials today to try to break the deadlock in iran 's nuclear program .
however , iranian president ahmadinejad is still stubbornly resisting the pressure of further sanctions at the united nations .
iran will not stop uranium enrichment , but welcomes the latest talks .
he said : the sequence of installation of oxygen can slow down or speed up , but no one should expect us to give up our rights , and we will not stop this direction .
he arrived in hainanning and made this remark .
the purpose of this visit is to draw up a set of plans to resolve the issue of the panic caused by iran 's nuclear program .
un failed to freeze uranium enrichment operation because of its freeze , it has already imposed two sanctions on iran .
heininininn and iran 's supreme council on national security ( nsb ) held talks with officials headed by international affairs assistant president vajpayee .
the iran talks group also includes vice - president of the atomic energy agency ( iaea ) , and ambassador to the iaea ( iaea ) , soltaniye .
palestinian prime minister fayer to form new government
the palestinian authorities have been implementing a month - long military exercise after the turbulent expedition of soyuka tujia , the prime minister , fayyard , was temporarily resigned , but was immediately ordered to take charge of the new government .
the minister of agriculture and social affairs , habachi , told afp that prime minister fahd had lodged a resignation to chairman abbas , and the chairman was accepted , and demanded that he handle the new cabinet government of his cabinet , which is responsible for daily handling .
abbas ' soymer told afp that fayyad had lodged a resignation , but he ordered him to perform his current duties until he was in power .
the respected economist fayer has made a resignation , but it is only a procedural resignation , and will not shake his position as prime minister .
since 17 january , fayed has led the palestinian emergency cabinet to execute abbas ' violent coup in the cabinet of ministers , and announced his orders .
according to the basic law of the palestinian autonomous government , the government has not agreed to it , and the government has not been allowed to have more than 30 days , but the current autonomous parliament has been paralyzed .
the authorisation of an emergency government is expired today .
wto representative says new round of talks break with doha round
the main wto negotiator today suggested that the united states greatly reduce its agricultural subsidies , while developing countries substantially lower the import tariffs on industrial products to break the deadlock in the doha round of trade talks .
the official said that the new draft module requires that the us agricultural subsidies be reduced from the $ 120 million to $ 200 million , while developing countries impose tariffs on industrial products to below their tariff rates .
the proposal was aimed at breaking the deadlock in the doha round of talks over the past six years and bringing about a compromise agreement among wto members .
the wto secretary general said that these proposals were a result of reaching a framework agreement that is fair and reasonable as the guiding principle for development .
lamy said : the contents of the proposal by un member states will not be completely satisfied , but the issue of disagreement at present is less than the issue of reaching a consensus .
he called for intensive negotiations in the next few weeks .
the strong earthquake affects the production of oilseed vehicles or engines .
japan 's earthquake hit a high speed this week , causing a shortage of oilseed cars , including soyuz , and the japanese automobile manufacturers , said today that they would even suspend domestic automobile production .
japan 's flagging , which was hit by a 6.8 magnitude of magnitude , was forced to suspend the operation of tokyo 's plant and affect the production of the automobile plant .
the world 's most popular car manufacturer , a spokeswoman for the famous female newspaper , said that from tonight to 21 february , the domestic automobile production would be temporarily suspended .
a spokesman for japan 's production said that from the day after that , the daily production of two of the three japanese factories would be temporarily suspended , and the weekend would reassess the situation .
he said that two factories had two flogs , one of which would be affected , but the company may increase the rotation next month to make up for the backward production progress .
suzuki said that some of the production will be suspended in three days from tomorrow , and the japanese fukuochu company , which produces ferries , will also suspend production of small cars from tomorrow and assess the situation on 21 march .
however , the automobile said that it may suspend some of the operations of the oilseed supply next week .
the quake killed at least 10 people and wounded several hundred houses .
indonesia cancels its purchase of british green haul
today , mr chu said that in view of the earlier rush of hong kong 's rush to buy , indonesia had canceled its activities to sell british green bags .
the indonesian plaza in the high consumption zone , the responsible person of the deutsche republic , said that in view of the incident in hong kong , we have canceled activities in the environmental bags .
if the public were to have a 140,000 rupees ( about nt $ 4:00 ) , then there would be no price , and the price would not be that value .
hong kong people gathered outside the sales store on the 6 th to buy a british column , the british column , and the chinese government did not know whether to use the green bag of the bags , but the shoko 's refusal to get a panorama was nothing but a scene of chess .
the quality attempt to replace the bags with environmental protection as the demand was unexpectedly a popular target in london and new york , triggering the purchase and auction of web sites , eyeing prices , which have already reached a several times the price of zero .
the only one in indonesia was the one who had been granted the right to sell , the official said , uncertain whether to sell it in a few days .
when the hostage crisis was over , south korea held direct talks .
afghan authorities kidnapped 23 south korean hostages and set a deadline for the withdrawal of south korea from the country , otherwise the hostages would be killed .
as time goes by , the situation has developed positively , south korean officials have for the first time held talks with the organization of obu .
however , at the same time , the organization said that the body of the other german hostages kidnapped was very weak , and they began to fall into a hurry and lose consciousness .
al-hei , who is also a member of the secretariat of the central committee of the communist party of china ( cpc ) , called on germany to withdraw its troops from afghanistan and demanded that these hostages be exchanged for 33 guerrillas imprisoned by the afghan government .
a spokesman for the ministry said in a telephone interview with afp at unknown locations : we have exchanged views directly with the south korean representatives through the elderly of the tribes .
armadi said : we hope that the talks will produce results .
timing local time ( 10.30 pm taiwan time ) , the deadline for the final deadline , will begin killing south korean hostages .
the time limit for the two - stage exposition has been extended .
maritime dispute difficult to reach consensus the two koreas ' military talks disperse
since each side holds its own interpretation on the territorial waters , the three - day high - level military talks between the two koreas were dispersed today .
the talks were held in panmunjon , a border city , and today entered the final day 's agenda . north korea 's chief representative kim jung - chol ( translation ) said that we would make a conclusion that we would no longer need these talks that were not up to the end .
the red face was clearly displeased , kim jung - chol criticized south korea for deliberately declaring the new territorial boundaries in the sea area to replace the original northern limit of the tonkin for discussion .
he said that the northern expedition was not legal .
the northern expedition line of the military was the us military 's command post - korean war , but it became the focus of the dispute between the two koreas in recent years , and north korea even refused to recognize it .
north korea said south korea 's illegal invasion of the waters triggered tensions , and south korea claimed that the accusation was groundless .
a clash broke out in the waters of the area in june 1999 , leaving dozens of north korean sailors .
in june 2002 , a similar clash was again spread , and six south koreans were unfortunately killed .
us finance minister visits china to environmental protection and exchange rates are key issues
us treasury secretary colin powell arrived in china yesterday , and the united states is fully persuading china to further carry out the necessary economic reform and environmental protection work , especially the issue of the renminbi exchange rate , which has been of great concern .
us diplomatic personnel said that powell went to qinghai , a large province in northwest china , first to visit china .
china currently has a total of 1,500 environmental protection projects near the hokaido lake .
powell went to beijing today to discuss with china 's responsible officials on the promotion of the sino - us strategic economic dialogue , which was initiated last year .
the us - china strategic economic dialogue mainly discussed topics such as economic environment protection , but the most important thing is the renminbi exchange rate issue . us congressmen believe that the rmb is overestimating .
the us - china trade deficit is rapidly surging , and pressure within the united states is gradually rising , and congressmen are prepared to take retaliatory action to confront their so - called china 's unfair trade policy .
last week , the us senate finance committee overwhelmed a bill requesting the finance ministry to make it clear that the exchange rate of the currency is totally wrong with the country , thus opening the door to the potential economic sanctions against beijing .
us congressmen said that the renminbi undervalued , causing the prices of goods sold to the united states to be very high , and aggravating the trade imbalance between the united states and china . last year , the us trade deficit with china reached $ 2.5 billion .
muslim insisted that he would completely withdraw from the soccer world before 60 years old .
from the beginning , musino will always be the media 's speculation in the future of miao west , but like before , the portuguese once again stressed that he will stay in west london this summer .
some newspapers listed 14 new hosts in xixi , but i will stay in yuxi , miyino , and speak .
he reiterated that he hoped that the portuguese team would be able to pick up the pope of the portuguese team on one day . i believe that there will always be a day for the portuguese football association , and i also very much hope to hire me as the head of the pair .
however , the 44 - year - old miyric did not intend to contribute his life to football , and he said that he would retire before 60 , he did not want to be a player in the year like botswana and frogen .
i have promised my wife that i will not be as good as roberson and flogen , who has been teaching the 70 s .
musiums died in a cave of 60 years , and i thought to be a panic .
i have too many things that i cannot do now , waiting for me to do ,
i do n't want to become a soccer advisor or or technical director , such as baradino or saji .
i do n't want to play such a role .
i do n't want to become the chairman of a club , i just want to fully play , but muslim , stress .
( qi liang )
wang bing , a soldier from the armed police in hongdong village , shanxi , was tried in a dark brick .
in july , china news , which was under the concern of the public , went on trial in the first instance of the guangjing bao village of guangzang town , guangtong county , shanxi province . cao shengbing was involved in the case .
while paying attention to the progress of the case , many domestic media outlets have been paying attention to the case .
because the relevant local departments were more cautious , some reporters were unable to get to the scene to gather news .
currently , the piloting is still in progress .
according to the staff of the linfen city intermediate people 's court , if haao was smoothly heard , it was expected that the hearing would be concluded .
but whether the ruling can be made in court is still unknown .
at about 9 : 00 am , a reporter noticed outside the gate of the linfen city intermediate people 's court , but the luck was calm and moved to the courtyard .
perhaps , i feel uncomfortable about the hooligans ' activities in the court .
when i was in a while , i believe that the law was just and confidential .
a senior citizen who traveled here to look at the national emblem and speak himself .
earlier , there was news from hongdong county that the defendant , wang bing , and wang dongju , former party branch secretary of the jingsheng village , were dismissed from the county people 's congress .
earlier , wang dongju was arrested for involvement in a case involving a suspected discipline violation in a dark lake in wang bing 's armed forces and was expelled from the party .
the " red army " accident that caused the wang bing 's black brick and brick machinery case in shanxi has once attracted attention at home and abroad . the central authorities have issued instructions demanding strict investigations .
the dprk and the rok have reached agreement on cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources
chinanews , july 8 .
on 7 june , the dprk and the rok reached an agreement on cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources .
according to the agreement , the rok will provide north korea with raw materials for production of clothing and other light industrial products . for this reason , the dprk will grant certain domestic circulating right to the republic of korea [ rok ] .
according to a report by the japan dispatch and dispatch association , the rok and the dprk conducted a three - day consultation on cooperation in the light industry and underground resources development area in kaesong , and finally reached an agreement .
under the agreement , south korea will send garments and soap raw materials to north korea , with a total value of 9broad yen .
in this regard , the dprk will grant the three domestic provinces ' right to extract oil to the rok .
the rok government will take advantage of its western port of incheon on 25 july to transport the first batch of 500 tons of contracted materials to the dprk .
according to the plan , the rok and the dprk will conduct joint investigations on the eastern part of the dprk from 28 july .
the rok government began to launch a large - scale aid program to provide the dprk with 400,000 tons of rice .
while the dprk expressed willingness to actively implement the agreement reached by the six countries , including the closure of nuclear facilities , the dprk - rok economic cooperation has become more active again .
the lanzhou price bureau explained the price of cowboy to the meat side , but the price was only too big .
chinanews , lanzhou , july 10 ( huang party )
this afternoon , lanzhou city 's price bureau invited relevant departments to a forum to discuss the issue of limiting the meat surface .
at the press conference , the yukos bureau and other departments jointly issued a piece of high price because the price increase of the bulk was too big and exceeded the tolerance capacity of the common people .
it is reported that the cowboy price has risen by as much as 20 % , and data shows that in the early 1980 s , lanzhou 's cowboy price rose for the first time , the shortest and the biggest increase .
" the government 's actions are to take into account the economic capability of the common residents in the region , and the maximum price for our entry is to be investigated by cost , " said the director of lanzhou city price bureau .
on 26 february , the lanzhou city price bureau , the sanchu bureau of the ministry of health , and four other departments jointly issued a maximum price for the beef surface price . the news was disclosed and aroused strong concern .
it is understood that the forum aims to extensively listen to the opinions of various circles and to solicit opinions and suggestions for the specific management methods for the next step of taiwan 's entry , and it is also disclosed that lanzhou will hold a news conference tomorrow .
this will be lanzhou city 's second meeting on the price increase of cowboy beef .
prc : xu caihou on punishment of development of china 's region : stop activities
chinanews , july 11 - according to news from the xiaowang website , on july 9 , the government of the zhuhai city development promotion association of china ordered a suspension of activities for three months .
the punishment order shows that the china council for the development of the region has the following illegal acts : a soybean superstandard is charged with one higher standard , and a pseudo used the same standard to collect other fees from non - member units .
after investigations , the scuba members ' standard was 2,1,000 yuan a year , and during june to february 2007 , they issued a total of more than 20 units to release their names , except for one household member who collected 2,100 yuan from the unit , while the remaining eight units were each charged with charges ranging from $ 80 million to $ 80 million each , including serious charges for organs that contain organs that collect fees from the organs for use of power to collect fees from the organs for use in
the regulations on registration and management of social organizations article 33 , section 1 , paragraph 8 , make a deadline for stopping activities within a specified period of three months , and seal the relevant articles of the society in accordance with the law .
the rok government hopes to speed up the process of denuclearization of the peninsula through the six - party talks
chinanews , july 12 - according to rok 's kyodo news service , the rok government is very pleased to welcome the head of the delegation to the six - party talks to be held in beijing on the 18th .
a spokesman for the rok foreign affairs and trade ministry said in a commentary on 12 june that he hoped that the six - party talks delegation would discuss the measures for ending the initial stage and implementing the next phase of the talks as soon as possible , as well as the concrete and substantive proposals for holding the six - party talks , so as to accelerate the process of denuclearization on the korean peninsula .
the commentary also said that as the core of the dprk nuclear issue , the chinese government will make unremitting efforts to realize the denuclearization of the korean peninsula at a rapid and satisfactory date , and will closely cooperate with the countries concerned in this regard .
official revealed that beijing 's olympic games is expected to be the largest in number of participating countries and regions
chinanews , july 16
xinhua news agency , beijing olympic organizing committee vice minister wang shilin disclosed on 14 june that the beijing olympic organizing committee will submit a report to the 205 ioc members next month to participate in the olympic games .
he said that if nothing unexpected happens , the beijing olympic games will become the most popular olympic games in countries and regions that have participated in the games in history .
the report said that from 10 to 12 june , wang shilin extended a briefing to the pan - us sports organization on the progress of preparations for the beijing olympic games , including the construction of the tunnels , the arrangements for the olympic games , etc.
wang shilin said : all members of the pan - us sports organization , countries and regions , have shown great enthusiasm for participating in the beijing olympic games , and all 42 members have confirmed that they will attend the meeting of the heads of the delegations of the olympic committees of various countries and regions to be held in beijing next month .
it is reported that at the meeting , the international olympic committee will , together with the beijing olympic organizing committee , formally invite the 205 ioc members to participate in the olympic games .
( gao peng , yang limin )
wang yan 's wound improved , " insisting on " taking a stool to restore " two levels "
wang yan was already able to sit on the board , but she could not stay too long and felt dizzy . yesterday , the director of the zhejiang sports bureau 's affiliated center , wu xiqin , told the reporter that ,
wang yan 's wound was still on the verge of the match , among which the muscle power of the upper limbs was restored and more than 10 days ago was increased to two degrees centigrade .
this month , wang yan 's residence was taken away from the shanghai six hospital ( the hospital for serious disease ) . when her right limbs were transferred to the ward , her upper limbs were 2 to 3 , and her left upper limbs were 1 .
in the past half a month , wang yan 's upper limbs have taken a further turn .
doctor xu said that wang yan 's muscle had reached above four levels , only 1 level lower than normal five levels , and the left muscle power was above 3 levels . wu xiqin said .
in other words , in less than half a month , wang yan 's upper limbs muscle resumed the two grains .
before , wang yan was able to get on the bed with the help of the doctor .
the hospital rehabilitation experts originally planned to let wang yan survive in a distress exercise last weekend under the protection of the rehabilitation bed .
however , according to the situation of wang yan 's recovery at the present stage , the training on rehabilitation in a touch - tapped manner has to be postponed .
wu said that wang yan 's current exercise mainly focused on the subject of loose chores , and she could persist in sitting on the board , but the time still cannot be too long . ( wang yushu ) , reporter wang yueqin .
venezuelan president says salary cut for senior civil servants
china news , july 23 . a comprehensive report : on the 22nd , venezuelan president juan hoekou delivered a speech on venezuela 's internal and foreign policy .
he said that a substantial reduction in the wage of senior civil servants was made .
he also said that if foreigners from venezuela attack the venezuelan government , they will face serious consequences and be expelled from the country .
the ministry has ordered government officials to closely monitor the remarks of aliens during their visit to venezuela and found that anyone who openly criticized him or the venezuelan government will deport him .
in a television speech on the evening of 22 july , he said that venezuela cannot tolerate aliens from hostels running to the home to give a hand and a foot .
in his speech , he also pointed out that the wage of senior civil servants will be substantially reduced .
he said that the wage of venezuelan civil servants cannot exceed the monthly salary .
it is reported that in venezuela , the monthly income of some poor people is a cunning us dollar .
the action of latin american countries in reducing civil service salaries has become a common practice and has won the support of the broad masses of the people .
the leaders of peru , the republic of korea , and other countries have all reduced their salaries .
huo also said that cuban leader castro reminded him to pay attention to the us commanding action .
he said that carcino presented him a book of the us central government director , and asked him to see the various embassies of the central intelligence agency .
the court of final appeal of espionage ended yesterday 's temporary punishment for the hokaikaikaikaikaikou .
last night beijing time , the council of the international automobile movement held a special hearing on the faralie technology espionage case . the summoned maikai fled in paris . the council decided not to impose penalties on the maikai for the time being .
the official website of the international automotive association issued a statement after the hearing , saying that the first wheel of the taoo mehager has the secret information of lahore , but there is not enough evidence to show that these data are used in the iac - level matches , so they will not be punished . therefore , they will not be punished .
however , the farali technology espionage case did not include a sealed yacht .
the board of automobile sports also said in the decision : if we discover that the relevant materials of faralie will be used to damage the championships , we reserve the request that the mokhiko mooncum committee be allowed to give public hearings . at that time , they may face punishment for the lifting of the qualification for competition , even for competition in 2008 .
the mai kai , former chief designer of the new kadoorie , who has been suspended , was found to have possessed nearly 800 pages of farry technologies , including the design power of the ferrous track in the race course of the race , and the test of the 2007 monumental development and operation series .
the capture of mikhail , but no other people were aware of the data before the coalmine was suspended . the first runkaikai seed was not a magullah .
( wang jing )
experts believe that insurance prices will not be diverted in the short term .
chinanews , july 30
according to china securities news , the " interim procedures on management of overseas investment in insurance funds " was published a few days ago . insurance funds have a broader space for the use of capital markets .
liu lefei , chief investment officer of china 's xuanhui company , believes that the appreciation of the renminbi and the favorable direction of the domestic capital market will not be large - scale foreign exchange investment in the short term , and this also means that insurance coverage will not divert domestic funds from the stock market in the short term .
according to reports , many insurance agencies share the same view .
experts said that since the renminbi market is still in no way , the insurance institutions are not sufficiently capable of avoiding danger , and therefore the time for large - scale foreign exchange purchase is not ripe .
liu lefei said that in the long term , overseas investment should be in the overall allocation of insurance companies .
however , in view of the fact that the rmb has a relatively great pressure of appreciation , china 's investment in foreign exchange will mainly be made use of its own foreign exchange funds .
in the current situation , it is necessary to treat the matter with caution in the course of overseas investment .
( shangshu )
china 's direct loss of 52.5 billion yuan in flood prevention
the reporter learned from the national general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control that as of july , the nation 's flood - stricken areas had hit 118 million mu , of which 51.4 million mu were affected , 1.19 million people were affected , 652 people were killed in the disaster , and 45.2 billion yuan in direct economic losses were directly caused by the floods .
the area of cultivated land across the country is 140 - billion mu , and there is a large amount of fertile land for droughts .
in july , the national general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control made emergency arrangements in light of the current grim situation in flood prevention and drought control .
it requires that all provinces along the huai he and the headquarters of flood prevention strengthen their control of the retreated period , seize the flood prevention passes , and win a comprehensive victory .
the national general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control and other departments have sent three work teams to direct flood prevention and drought control work in the flood - prevention and drought - fighting areas .
at present , the flood prevention work is being carried out in a tight and orderly manner , and the huaihongxin river has also been put into the flood . the people of anhui , jiangsu , jiangsu , are sealed on the heels of the floodwater .
the drain did not cause any danger .
heilongjiang , jiangxi , and other provinces have started the emergency response against drought in accordance with the plan , and the work of fighting drought is being carried out in a tight and orderly manner .
china will continue to strengthen its cooperation with the european union ( eu )
chen secretly approves judicial intervention in election taiwan 's " judicial yuan " denied and asked for explanations .
in july , china news , taiwan judicial personnel questioned on 30 july the attempt of taiwan judicial personnel to get involved in the election of taiwan 's regional leaders .
the executive of the taiwan courtyard 's courtyard gao jinzhi said on the same day that the current performance of judges on the island is not in keeping with chen shui - bian 's words , and he also asked chen shui - bian to explain his remarks .
according to a report by taiwan 's " king , " chen shui - bian questioned the prosecutors or investigators on 30 june . he intervened in a tempeation or even attempted to influence the election activities of various party candidates because of political or election considerations . he said that he hoped that this phenomenon would not exist in taiwan , but it may be very difficult .
in response to chen shui - bian 's doubts , the court president of the taiwan provincial capital , yueju yusheng , did not respond to him , and secretary general fan guangqun spoke on behalf of the supreme court of justice .
gao jinchi said : the basic law and the codes of judges in taiwan should be declared as exceeding the party , not participating in party activities , and not supporting the election . judges are very cautious in observing relevant matters . the court of justice believes that judges are under the control of the courtyard of the state council are very good .
gao jinzhi pointed out that the supreme court of kaohsiung was invited to attend the school course in kadena several years ago , because the courses are of political parties and the self - discipline committee of the judge is formed .
zhang shengxi wanted to attend the dpp for a time , but also decided to give up the matter because of his dispute over taking up the post .
gao jinzhi said that if a case is tried , a court member should not be held responsible for the outcome of the judgment alone , he would not be able to tell the judge that there is no political intention .
germany to lower import threshold for professional personnel
the pla daily reported on july 1 to wang huaicheng
the german education minister said a few days ago that germany should lower its " magic " policy on the import of foreign professionals , and increase the import of foreign talent to resolve the problems of professional talent in germany through increasing the import of foreign professionals .
according to the oecd report , germany 's labor force , from 15 to 64 , will decrease year on year .
if there is no sufficient immigration , then the labor force in germany will decrease by 6percent over the present .
however , the german employers ' federation and the german engineer association have reported that in germany 's current labor market , engineers are quite large in terms of professional technical personnel .
according to the statistics of the federal labor bureau of germany , the supply of some 1.27 million workers in the german labor market was about 170,000 , and the number of technicians supplied by technicians was about 9600 .
to protect its own people , germany has set a relatively high threshold for attracting foreign talent .
germany 's " apple " stipulates that professional personnel from non - eu countries are not allowed to be in germany at a lower level than 855,000 euros , otherwise they cannot obtain employment and residence permits in germany .
shayman suggested that this limit be lowered to the overstocking of the euro .
and do not have blind faith in laws .
the " law of lawyers " , which was recently submitted to the npc standing committee for deliberation , stipulates in article 8 : those who have engaged in professional work such as legal research and teaching , and those who have a high level or professional level of professional work , who have applied for a solicitor 's management , may be granted to lawyers for their professional work after the examination by the judicial administrative departments of the state council .
( china 's " urumchi " on 28 june )
in law , there is a theoretical circle and a facial segment of the subject , mainly including legal teaching and research work , and more of the latter engaged in legal proceedings , such as legal consultation , legal services , and so on .
for a long time , the law has been a subject of lackness and factual reality , and the theory circle believes that the need for the control of the vast land is only a mechanical person who is the subject of the control of the theory on the battlefields , and the critical of the theoretical circle on the part of the national defense circles , which cannot be used as guidance for practice .
the law can do so in the face of such a division of labor , instead of giving support to any party .
however , the law of lawyers , which contains a summary of the law , has objectively recognized that the legal system must be higher than the actual judgment of the legal profession .
in fact , some pure theoretical research and teaching experts and scholars engaged in research on the legal system , international law , and other theories are also very profound in their theory and in the legal sense .
in this way , the law is no doubt a confused public , and the confused qualifications of the legal profession , and it is extremely uneasy to have an impact on the state .
superstition in the theoretical circle is still more than those , such as expert discussions and demonstrations , which will often affect or even reject court judgments , and this is also the direct manifestation of such superstition .
encourage chinese - funded ships to hoiste their boats and boats
the pla daily news service reporter feng lei
it was learned from the state council 's press conference that china will implement the china - funded international shipping corporation special registration policy since 1 july , and encourage chinese - funded ships hanging outside the chinese flag to return to china to register , so as to obtain the prc 's entry and exit .
to further promote the healthy development of china 's maritime industry and increase the country 's wheels of transportation , the state has made specific arrangements for the registration and hoisting of a considerable number of ships from outside the country and for the operation of foreign flag . the ministry of transportation recently issued a notice on the registration policy of chinese - invested ships . the ministry has made clear the requirements and application procedures for the special plan and the application procedures for handling maritime travel documents , which are in line with the
the application for ships may choose shanghai 's shuangyang city to register ships for its ships .
britain lowers terror attack level
london , july 5 ( jiefangjun bao ) -- ( reporter guo lin )
british government hooligans lowered the terror attack level from the highest level to the serious level of dragons , which indicated that the terrorist attacks in britain will not happen soon , but the attacks are still extremely likely .
at present , the british police have transferred the investigation to india and australia .
because of the arrest of eight suspects of terrorist attacks , the government will carry out a thorough investigation into the background of the migrants entering the medical system .
it is reported that some of the people who have worked in britain 's public health system are receiving medical treatment overseas .
the prime minister also demanded that an investigation be conducted against the background of high - tech immigration , and that employers or relevant organizations be required to provide background information .
let 's take a hue .
the tourist guide , the tap is the loose and self - sufficient , and the greatest enjoyment of the fruits of natural and social civilization .
but many people went to the country to meet with this kind of annoying , and were arrested by traders and intermediary business .
both cars and trains , when they were in the air , they would always be subject to the death of a small businessman and some unlicensed intermediaries .
it was not selling flowery sprawns , that is , selling newspapers and periodicals , and then giving us a free introduction of food beverages , even a false statement of documents .
if you do n't accept it , he can chase you for several hundred meters , and it is very unsuccessful that it will become benevolent .
in some cases , many people have the same feelings .
if you have not entered the gate , some people will visit the wharf and make a little oysters .
after entering the door , this situation became even more serious . no matter how good it was , it was also so much so much so that it was too dreadful to smell .
according to reports by the media , many foreign tourists who went to xian did not give up their praise for xi'an , but they were not afraid of the sale of those small business hawkers that had been repossessed .
these include the station 's grenades , which are originally the place of the bank and the flagging , should be civilized , orderly , and harmonious , and should give a broad - minded environment .
the freedom of the traders , the uncle , the carelessness , and the objective destruction of these public order , the formation of a plutation and environmental pollution , and the provision of the conditions and opportunities for the release of the hostages .
it is important that these gaps are the window for the building of spiritual civilization in the locality , and the problems they are doing are not only the issue of image , but will also have an impact on the development of the local economy .
just think , you should be a big tourist industry , but you use this kind of chaotic and bad tourist environment to greet the guests coming from the south . who is willing to come ?
how do your tourist economy obtain benefits ?
with the arrival of the peak season , a civilized and tourist environment has been created for tourists from the north and the south of tianshan .
the amount of money is not the market , the operation of small business hawkers should be regulated , and unverified operations should be resolutely abolished . illegal activities should be resolutely cracked .
only a civilized and orderly environment can we be happy and replete with happiness and rejoicing .
one sentence , let traders go so impatient .
he gave the award on his own initiative .
beijing dongcheng district has issued electric materials and other materials to the 12 households for the low - security families who voluntarily surrender .
( " xin jing bao " 10 july " )
this writer is happy to see the improvement of the lives of these families , but the wording of returning to the embodiment of the original state on his own initiative is also complicated .
jiuqi street 's deputy director said that , in view of such problems as low - income earners , encouraging the peasants to voluntarily retreat was an example for other low - income households .
if this model is to encourage other low - income security personnel to extricate themselves from their predicament through their own efforts , it is indeed worth advocating , and if they want to use this opportunity , those who have long been deceived and insured , they are not sure that they are infant .
in the work of differentiating and clearing away the minimum guarantee , it is legal to rely more on it .
relevant departments should strengthen the protection of the rights of the minimum guarantee households to fulfill their obligations when enjoying the minimum guarantee : if they promptly report on changes in family personnel and income , report on employment situation , and accept regular reexamination , relevant departments should intensify supervision and inspection .
after all , it is a long - term measure to release money according to law .
the street has given awards to families who have returned the money .
the streets are the organizations of the government , and their expenditures are borne by the appropriation of funds .
the taxpayer 's money should not be used .
on the one hand , the withdrawal from the low - guarantee families proves that they have the ability to make their own decisions and to set limits on their own , and on the other hand , are those who apply for minimum guarantees still exist ?
the government 's financial appropriation , which is called a financial aid for life , should be called a cannon for the sake of providing relief to the public , not a magic for the public .
liu said that he was willing to serve as a service provider .
on 10 july , the first native of zhaoxin , the first town in the country to elect nagoya nunagang , liu tuanyi , accepted democracy for the fourth time after assuming office , with a total satisfaction of 97.7 percent .
during the dialogue between the reporters and liu gangyi , liu tien - yi defined himself as a person who works as a superservant .
( beijing news yesterday )
liu tieyi 's surgical service may be more popular than some appointed cadres .
compared with the most popular vote system , the former is mainly composed of ordinary party members and masses , and the latter is mainly appointed by higher authorities , while the source of power determines that the former must place the people in the first place .
the source of power and responsibility to the person are the fundamental factors that determine the outcome of the election .
some people questioned such democracy , and even a democratic show .
my view is that with such a democratic form , it is better to have it .
in consideration of the history and current situation of the building of democracy at the grassroots level in china , i believe that direct elections for the public are already a major breakthrough , and democracy is an important component part of the effort to promote the building of democracy at the grassroots level .
india hopes to select first female president analysts , saying that it is quite likely that the election will be held , and female voters hope to raise their status as women
on 23 june , in front of the presidential candidate 's document , paguang was quoted as saying .
the curtain of the indian presidential election opened on 19 july . the new president will meet with the new indian president , who is currently vice president chahar katrina and who has resigned not long ago .
paghee is the first female presidential candidate in indian history . if she was elected , she will become india 's first female president .
pager is a candidate for the ruling congress party , while shevkaer is from the opposition people 's party .
because the congress party holds a dominant position in the presidential election , the media and the public are thrown in , and the possibility of being elected is quite great .
paguang , 72 , is a female sergeant of rajasthan .
she was a lawyer , she was admitted to the congress , and was rich in experience . while she was the governor of raja , she was accorded a government official 's honor .
she also worked for social welfare , and was a great honour of many cultural education and social welfare organizations .
analysts pointed out that the reason why pachachi became a candidate was because she unswervingly summoned indian congress party chairman sonia gandhi .
in india , the gandhi family has been controlling the ruling national congress party for a long time .
pager was embraced by a large number of female voters , and the female voters believe pager will be discriminating against the indian women 's badly - educated women and raise their status .
the constitution stipulates that india is a state under the federal system , and the president is the head of state and the commander of the state , and does not represent any party organization , but more is a symbol .
( yan yingju )
the united states supports the palestinian government to expel extremists
washington , july 22 ( jiefangjun bao ) -- ( reporter xu qisheng )
us president bush said on 21 march that the united states will fully support the pakistani government 's plan to transfer the pakistani hostages and extremists from the region of pakistan and afghanistan .
in his weekly radio address on that day , bush said that according to the new us intelligence , al-qaeda has found a safe voyage in the border areas between pakistan and afghanistan .
he expressed his worry about this .
bush said that the united states will continue to support pakistani president musharraf and believes that it will persist in struggling with al-qaeda and militant elements .
the " national intelligence assessment " report recently published by the united states points out that the armed forces of muslims are especially the original and the buddhist base organization still constitutes a threat to the united states .
mashariqov and some heads of tribes in northern pakistan reached a consensus last september on preventing the activities of the leading members of the organization of obu bay and the suikuo base , but the desired results were not achieved .
these tribes are unwilling to or lack the ability to keep the security of the region .
in his speech at the early recording , bush said that musharraf is taking positive steps to correct this mistake .
us hopes for full - scale dprk nuclear agreement
the pla daily , july 24 , 2003 ( reporter xu qisheng )
us assistant secretary of state john paul hill , the us chief representative for the six - party talks on the korean nuclear issue , said on 23 march that the six - party talks on the korean nuclear issue had made real progress for the first time at the meeting , but this was only a preliminary action for implementing the agreement .
the united states very much hopes that the " joint statement of the september 19 th " and " joint document of the same document on the dprk nuclear issue " can be fully implemented .
" we are willing to work together with the dprk to resolve the nuclear issue , " said the president .
he hoped that all parties concerned will fully fulfill the six - party talks on the dprk nuclear issue within one year .
hill also said that the two sides also exchanged views on the issue of energy security and energy , and that the us - dprk and japan - dprk working group will also discuss issues that need to be resolved in the bilateral relations between the united states and the dprk .
climate change has led to a rapid reduction of alps ' glaciers
in july , the pla radio station in geneva ( reporter liu jun )
swiss cinema 's glaciers have been tracking research for a long time , and it has been discovered that the number of glaciers from 1850 to nagoiya is shrinking at an annual rate of 3 percent .
the only thing that was thawing had made alberges lose 1.8 percent .
experts believe that by the year 2100 , if global temperature increases by 3 % , glaciers will be reduced by 5 % , while chengchuan will all digest .
arrach is the longest glacier in europe and is listed as a famous natural heritage site of the united nations organization , but it has reduced by 100 meters from 2006 , and protecting the beef has reached the pine .
the picture is 23 km long alac glaciers .
photo by liu jun .
beijing olympic association has proposed that civilized consumers be the first to be civilized
beijing , july 30 , by staff reporter
china 's consumer association has learned from the chinese consumers association that the countdown of the olympic games on 8 august will soon mark the first anniversary of the games . the beijing municipal consumers ' association , the association of consumers ' rights and interests , the shanghai municipal consumer protection committee , the association of consumers , and the hong kong consumer council , in the name of the consumer rights protection organization in six cities , have issued a suggestion to consumers : let us , civilized cities , and our harmonious world with our
the proposal proposed that we should strengthen the awareness of the humanistic olympics , learn the knowledge of protocol , raise civilization , practice civilized standards , observe social order , and make a civilized consumer who knows the gift and civilization .
enhance the green olympic consciousness , protect the ecological environment , treasure our flagship , and actively promote sustainable consumption , and become a consumer who upholds green consumption .
establish the awareness of diligence and thrift , change the concept of consumption , make a blind comparison , oppose extravagance and waste , and become a rational consumer with a scientific concept of consumption .
raise the awareness of protecting the rights of consumers , take the initiative in participating in social supervision , consciously respect the protection of intellectual property rights , correctly understand rights and obligations , and act as a consumer who governs for reasonable authority according to law .
the idea of promoting the spirit of being active in the olympic games , and the idea of being a disseminator of the olympic spirit .
hong kong 's " angel " celebrates the 10 th anniversary of the return of hong kong .
on 1 july , the nanjing jinghai police officer , the siren , was again knocked and stirred up .
this thick historical resonance , through the tv station 's channel of exchange between the mainland and hong kong , citizens of nanjing and hong kong compatriots , together with the heavenly emperor of hong kong , celebrated the 10 th anniversary of hong kong 's return to the motherland .
ten years ago , the nanjing jinghai temple 's haoyang gurayoom resounded over the clock tower in nanjing , and it was a monotonous seal of history of seabed on hong kong island .
the people of all walks of life in nanjing gathered together to say that they must use their own courtyard to shout the alarm forever , warn themselves and forsake history .
the alarm bell is 1.82 meters , and in 1842 , when the nanjing treaty was ripping off , it was the time for the signing of the " nanjing treaty . "
standing 1.997 meters , the hong kong flower was returned to china .
the planning and fortress of the force world bell , wang fengling explained that the five pieces of bronze were used in the bronze medal , with the entire block being a high - rise seed , two towers raised the ball , symbolizing hong kong as the motherland 's oriental bloom , and finally using the megablet in nanjing city as a symbol of the brush , which was used as a symbol of the bel@@
the first democratic party member who proposed building the police world bell said with a sense of urgency that hong kong 's return to china has been 10 years old , and he hoped hong kong would be able to brighten and brighter tomorrow like that , hong kong .
( end ) zhu xiaobai and liu yang
the russian security agency accused the oldest man of " plotting to " start "
the russian oligan bergovsky , in london , announced on 2 july that the russian federal security bureau has formally put forward a new charge to his parties concerned , accusing him of plotting the state to use violence to seize the russian regime .
borovkov pointed out that in april this year , in an interview with the british newspaper " guardian " , bovsky announced that he was prepared to launch a imperial imperial state in russia and verify that he would provide financial support to the right - wing elite representatives who are opposed to the authorities ' policies .
the russian federal security bureau immediately made a report to the police in accordance with section 278 of the russian federal criminal law , which contains clauses on violence and violence . in recent days , it formally filed a corresponding charge at the moscow savier court .
it is reported that the russian federal procuratorate in february 2006 instituted a criminal charge against other countries . based on the same claim as an oligarchy , it was also the case that he attempted to use force to seize the russian regime .
for instance , he has been exiled abroad and has been unable to extradite him , and in january 2007 russia temporarily suspended the investigation of the case .
on 2 july , the moscow saviriyaf court started to hear another criminal case involving an oligan in exile . the russian general procuratorate accused perezovsky of embezzling 214 million rubles of russian airline companies and washing 16 - million rubles . after hearing the decision , the court decided to postpone the investigation into the court on 12 july . this will be the defendant 's designated national defense attorney .
he said that these were all immoral , and explicitly prohibited his lawyer from taking part in activities .
( bi yuan )
guangxi 's position of duty is subject to administrative efficiency supervision
since the beginning of this year , various localities and departments in guangxi have carried out activities to improve the administrative efficiency of organs and instituted a system of " three systems " on accountability when the leading organs of the autonomous region are holding accountable posts for the " three systems " and 33 key examination and approval departments directly under the autonomous region have been incorporated into the administrative efficiency supervision network .
as of now , 619 people have been held accountable .
on 5 july , this reporter learned from the discipline inspection commission of the autonomous region that guangxi has initially formed a network for the administrative efficiency supervision work in the autonomous prefecture and strengthened supervision over key departments ' duties . the electronic supervision system of 14 cities has all been connected with the autonomous region .
the autonomous region 's electronic supervision system for administrative efficiency has a direct link with 33 autonomous region - directly - directly - administered departments directly under the autonomous region that involve investment environment and the people 's production and livelihood , further standardizing the examination and approval behavior , and improving the efficiency of examination and approval .
meanwhile , discipline inspection and supervision organs at all levels in guangxi have seriously investigated and handled cases involving damage to the interests of the masses . as of now , they have investigated and verified 180 pieces of documents , investigated and concluded 769 cases , and investigated and affixed responsibility for the 689 people who were detained in 584 units .
xu kuangjun , member of the standing committee of the provincial party committee , said on 5 may that the supervision of administrative efficiency is a work that has always been carried out in the course of administrative activities and should be gradually formed into a long - term mechanism .
guangxi should further improve and standardize all kinds of autonomy for administrative management , establish and improve the working mechanism and guarantee mechanism for administrative efficiency supervision , and standardize efficiency supervision . it should further standardize the supervision and inspection procedures , improve the mechanism for handling complaints and handling complaints and the mechanism for evaluating performance , and increase the intensity of investigation and affixing responsibility , and implement the system of responsibility for the responsibility system of first - degree accountability system and the system of closing time to handle cases .
china is to strengthen cooperation with the european union ( eu )
nato does not rule out cooperation with the united states on the issue of the abm system
nato information officer simona dmanso said in an exclusive interview with xinhua on 9 march that it is not rule out the possibility of binding the us anti - missile system with nato 's own defense system .
simon dman sassou said that nato is currently studying the us anti - missile plan , hoping that the scope of protection of the us anti - missile base will cover all its european allies .
she said that nato has its own theater missile defense system and has started discussing the establishment of a strategic missile defense system , linking the us anti - missile system with the nato 's own defense system .
she also said that the issue of the united states building an anti - missile system in europe will be exchanged with russia through various channels .
china will continue to strengthen cooperation with japan in the fields of economy , trade and industry , said a senior official of the chinese ministry of commerce here today .
two jordanian men sentenced to imprisonment for planning attacks on americans
two jordanian men were arrested on 11 april for planning to attack americans in jordan .
the two men , aged 25 , were seated with a pair of soy ho , who were sentenced to eight years ' imprisonment plus mandatory labor service , while another person was in the southern province of dinh , jailed for three years for mandatory labor service .
the court official said that hokhtar was also charged with illegal possession of illegal heroin while searching his residence .
the court originally decided to sentence hotagar to life imprisonment , and later considered the opportunity of making him muddle , which would be cut by eight years .
the indictment said that the two defendants decided to provide the hostages of the us empire that were bullied by the american people , and thus planned to attack americans living in jordan .
in august 2006 , they captured a villager living in anmann , the capital of jordan , but they were arrested by police before they attacked him .
the indictment did not disclose the identity of the american .
the indictment also accused the two defendants of being in the plan to attack other americans , but did not disclose the details .
china is to strengthen cooperation with the european union ( eu )
diabetes diabetes , a report that causes bad reactions , increases sharply
according to a report by the us media on the 15th , the number of bad reactions , such as heart diseases caused by antidiabetes and elegant , has recently been on a substantial increase in the united states .
the food and drug administration in the united states issued a safety warning in may this year , suggesting that diabetes be used in compact distillation because the scientists published a research report on the new medicine published on 21 may , which said that this type of medicine would greatly increase the incidence of heart disease and heinous cholera of patients .
as a result , the doctor and patient 's attention was closely watched .
statistics show that about one month after the issue of the safety warning , the us drug administration received 357 cases of inappropriate response , 38 of which were reports of death .
in january and february this year , the drug administration received only 50 and 73 undesirable reports .
these bad reactions were light to the soaked water , and were sudden death in heart attack .
however , drug experts from the us drug administration believe that the insecure conclusion of diya is still too early .
the pharmacy and poisons board will hold hearings on texas on july 30 .
in 1999 , wen diabetes was a pancreas for increasing sensitivity and was used for treating droplets .
there are about 6 million diabetes patients in the world who have taken or are taking wen diabetes .
the british grahy grossaksson has always believed that vincent is safe and that , for the patient , the pelly is more confused .
us wants to resume middle east peace talks
us president bush issued a speech in washington on 16 july , calling for an international conference on the palestine - israel issue this autumn to invite israel to visit some arab countries and other relevant countries in palestine to jointly promote the reopening of the middle east peace process .
on 17 july , bush also called egyptian president mubarak , king of jordan 's zoo ii and saudi king abdullah , urging them to positively respond to the proposal , support the palestinian authority chairman abbas with concrete actions , and help palestine and israel resume peace talks at an early date .
abbas says central committee of palestinian liberation organization to discuss palestinian elections
on 18 march , abbas , chairman of the palestinian national authority , said in ramallah that the two - day meeting of the palestinian liberation organization ( plo ) central committee opened on the same day , and the meeting will discuss issues such as holding an earlier election of palestinian national authority and the election of the legislative council .
on the same day , abbas met with the eu high representative for foreign and security affairs and held a joint press conference in the latter part , in which he said that if the central committee of the plo central committee made the relevant decision , the chairman would issue a legitimate order and soon be released .
at the same time , abbas expressed satisfaction with the relations between the palestinian national authority and the eu .
he said : the pakistani side welcomes the eu 's understanding of the measures taken by the pakistani government .
abbas urged eu to continue to provide humanitarian aid to the palestinian people in gaza .
he reiterated the eu 's support for abbas and the palestinian people .
he said : the middle east issue ( un , the united states , and russia ) will hold a meeting on 19 july to discuss the issue of reopening the middle east peace process . in the next few days , there may be proposals .
hee said that the eu takes a positive attitude toward the deployment of international forces in gaza , but it needs to discuss with other parties , especially the united nations .
( by reporter wang juzhi )
jiangxi will provide a prize for health professionals in rural areas for 30 years
for a long time , a large number of specialized health technicians have been stationed in rural areas , and they have paid a courtyard and a year of imperial courtyship for the health undertakings at the grassroots level and the masses of peasants .
jiangxi province recently decided to conduct a special health technical personnel award for 30 years in rural areas and acclaim awards for 30 years in rural health work .
according to the jiangxi provincial health department , the number of students working in the township and town health care institutions held by the government for professional and technical health work is high , and professional and technical personnel with a tertiary or higher education level and specialized health technical specialties at the junior college or above . for those working in the township health care center , the blood prevention unit , and the maoyang village , who have worked for more than 30 years , are all on - the - job health technical personnel
the final accounts of the first batch were determined by the end of july .
with regard to qualified rural health personnel , jiangxi province has awarded the title of honorary prize for 30 years in rural health work , and will also examine and approve the candidates on the subject of examination and approval and appropriately give them priority consideration and appropriate treatment in terms of reference :
the high - grade professional examination is subject to approval by itself , and the examination and evaluation of the examination is based on actual work ability , and the conditions for scientific research and theses are appropriately relaxed , so as to avoid attending examinations , and priority will be given to the examination .
the jiangxi provincial health department will arrange for a certain number of vacation places to provide a certain amount of funding for the project .
starting this year , jiangxi province will conduct a survey of rural hygiene work in two years , and recommend for forwarding the work of giving awards to farmers for 30 years .
( by reporter li mejuan )
the us defense department reconsiders reducing us military in europe
a us defense department official said on 23 march that because of the iraq war and the changes in the world situation , the us defense department is now considering a plan to reduce the number of us troops stationed in europe by about half .
the us media quoted a defense official as saying that since the iraq war is still going on and the relations between the united states , russia , and iran deteriorate , the ministry of defense raised questions about the feasibility of the plan to reduce the european troops .
xu , then secretary of defense rumsfeld announced that the united states will increase the number of troops stationed in europe from the original 11.00 to 7.00 by 2012 to build a new type of army that is weak and inexpensive .
at present , the total strength of us forces in europe has dropped to the level of lookers .
however , in june this year , commander of the us military 's european command , john heseltine , submitted a report to the current defense secretary , asking about the plan .
the report said that while reducing us troops in europe , many troops have been transferred to iraq and afghanistan to fight , causing a shortage of us troops in europe and a normal cooperation with european allies .
the report suggests that the plan of reducing us troops stationed in europe be stopped .
relevant us experts believe that the above phenomena show that the iraq war has dragged on for a long time and the original us military adjustment plan has been chaotic .
china is ready to work with japan to further expand bilateral cooperation , said a senior official of the association of southeast asian nations ( asean ) here today .
prc : shandong province conducts emergency transportation film project to meet safety requirements
people 's daily , july 26 ( reporter song xuechun and fan zhongliang )
to further deepen the building of civilized city communications , and enhance the awareness of the public 's awareness of traffic rule by law and the awareness of traffic safety , and enhance their consciousness in enforcing the law , the state of yushu , the people 's plaza , from 20 july to 10 august , has made a big difference between the three riverside plates of the people 's plaza in the city 's people 's luoyuangyueyuan town of funan lake , and
before the film was staged , the " ochu protecting life -- the people 's lives -- a letter to the broad masses of citizens -- and some propaganda materials were distributed to the public . the " warnings on life " and " special traffic notes on the road of school " were also aired .
the scene of the film " a fluttering scene " has aroused the alarming sigh of citizens and played a very important role in warning .
in particular , the special column on " the road to school " has been passed on the form of seduces , and has been educated deeply .
the film attracted more than 3,000 residents around the square , especially some of the young people and migrant workers from the state of suzhou , sitting in the center of the venue to watch the film with relentless and relentless .
the film " green light " ( " goggy " ) , which was launched in the community , has enabled the people to enjoy the film while natching the film and receive profound education on traffic safety , and has received warm welcome from the public , especially the new citizens .
china to gradually implement public health supervision system
in order to better implement the " food hygiene law " and the " decision on further strengthening food safety work " of the state council , the ministry of health has separately set up special - topic food safety inspection and prevention and control work in haidian district , zhejiang 's yingyan city , luoyang city , hubei province , hainan province , hainan province , and 10 areas including zhejiang province , including zhejiang province , have conducted experiments on supervising the hygiene of food and drinking water on public health supervision .
this system will also be gradually instituted in the whole country .
the system of public notice on the supervision of the restaurant industry is a system of public health management for the units of food and beverages on the basis of day - to - day health supervision .
it is said that the public notice forms will adopt the unified form and form stipulated by the ministry of health , which includes nine on - the - spot inspection results , comprehensive assessment of the views of the supervision on the spot , the names of the regulators responsible for the supervision and management , and the notable position of the door hall or the entrance of the customers of the restaurant and the customer 's entrance to the shop , so as to understand the conditions of the indoor and the customer 's health .
china will continue to strengthen its cooperation with the european union ( eu )
un security council decides to extend peacekeeping force in ethiopia
the un security council unanimously adopted a resolution on 30 june , agreeing to combine the un peacekeeping force in kuala and ochala ( eercho ) with a term of six months from january next year .
the resolution demanded that all parties concerned honor their commitments , exercise restraint , ease the tense situation , avoid provocative military activities , and urge the oilsea to immediately withdraw its troops and their military units from the temporary security zone , and urge the release of the number of additional military troops deployed in the areas close to the temporary security zone .
the resolution demanded that the ecuadorian border committee be able to quickly sign the border without a panorama , and demanded that eritrea not delay the lifting of the action and the action of the eeritrea group and all restrictions .
the resolution reiterated that it will fully support the work of the eritrean border committee and expressed appreciation for the decision of the commission to hold a meeting with eritrean countries on 6 september .
in 1998 , the border conflict broke out in eritrea and suoa , killing many people .
in june 2000 , both sides signed a ceasefire agreement in algeria 's capital of algeria .
the united nations has since july 2001 deployed peacekeeping troops along the eritrean border to supervise the implementation of the ceasefire agreement between the two countries .
the chinese government and people will continue to strengthen cooperation in the fields of economy , trade and industry , he said
prc : qiushi column on pla 's navy 's air defense training project
chengdu , june 30 , pla
xing juzhi , reporter of xinyang city , reported : in order to implement the spirit of the instructions of the party central committee on building a harmonious socialist society , to coordinate with the building of new rural areas , to enrich the cultural sports life of the masses , to greet the olympic games , and to open the battlefield screen in the double fluorion county of chengdu city on 30 june .
the six - day event attracted 10 county - level men from all over the country to participate in the event .
according to the rules , athletes participating in this competition must be a player , aged over 18 .
the 2006 chinese olympic games will be registered at the national sports general sports administration 's sports management center .
the competition adopted the latest " rules of flowing " approved by the chinese academy of sciences , which is divided into two stages of preliminary matches and final .
the competition was jointly held by the state sports general administration and the chinese association for olympic games , the china international sports travel corporation , and others .
in recent years , the cultural and sports undertakings of shuanghui county , which has a history of harvest , have received national advanced sports units such as the national sports and sports national flag and the national advanced sports unit .
in particular , in the course of new rural construction , shuangliu county has vigorously implemented the peasants ' sports project , and has integrated the construction of sports facilities with the beautification of rural areas , built the stadium in rural areas , built around the peasants , and let the sports service system cover rural areas , actively popularize the special features of farmers in areas with dense local characteristics , and conduct sports competitions with special local farmers , and improve their physical quality and physical quality .
three major functions of modern military service
first , the identification function .
different countries ' armed forces , armed forces , and people 's armed forces are different in nature .
in more than 100 countries of the world , although the use of military uniforms is basically the same , no military uniforms of any two countries are completely the same .
second , the symbolic function .
to a certain extent , military uniforms are the reflection of the spiritual features of a country and are also the subject of the ability of a nation 's army to fight a battle .
in the courtyard , the three major military uniforms of the training uniforms are most capable of showing the military 's prestige , the gestures of the military uniforms are filled with a beauty .
third , the function of protection .
with the rapid development of new and high - tech weapons and equipment , the comprehensive protection capability of new - type operational uniforms has enabled the uniforms to have anti - chemical warfare , anti - radiation , and dropping drops of moist and thumb air , and so on , and have become the most important issue in the development of military uniform .
( shi wei )
the party committee organs of a certain brigade handle problems in unison .
chengdu , 3 july ( jiefangjun bao ) --
qu meichu reported that we can live on the house and benefit from the big team party committee 's determination and courage to clear the house .
today , more than 10 military officers and men of a certain communications training unit of the chengdu military region are all very happy about the problem of the party committee of the large group being brave enough to solve the problem . they are full of respect and joy and pure .
in the past few years , with the personnel 's release , some of the houses of the family branch of this group were occupied in violation of regulations , causing the cadres in service to have a difficult housing problem and the officers and soldiers have quite a lot of complaints about this .
the group also cleared several housing times , and it was not clear because of various obstructions , making this problem a difficult problem .
if you have to dare to compare your word with your mouthful , you will have no difficult problems that cannot be solved .
after the new party committee reached a consensus , the principal leaders personally set to thoroughly sort out all violations of rules and regulations concerning the occupation of houses .
on the one hand , they were overbearing and were arrogant , and hoped that the personnel concerned would explain the policies and regulations of the armed forces ' barrack and fund - raising houses and the economy 's application of housing , indicating the party committee 's firm determination and principled stand .
for those who have housing in other places , who do not want to retreat from the overly occupied housing , party committees and organs promptly contacted their units and adopted corresponding measures to urge them to take the initiative to coordinate with the work of the troops .
after two months of meticulous work , all those households who illegally occupy houses were moved out on schedule , and the on - the - job cadres of the brigade were assigned to their houses according to regulations .
the party committee of the group had the courage to face tough tests , and it also produced a temptation effect . a few cadres who originally did not want to actively cooperate with the organization 's distribution have now expressed their subordination to the decision of the organization .
chinese president meets bangladesh air force chief
beijing , 9 july ( jiefangjun bao ) --
zhang shun reported that central military commission member qiao qingchen met with chief of staff of the bangladesh air force , sergei monggumman , and his entourage in beijing today .
qiao qingchen said that since the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and bangladesh , the bilateral relations have been developing smoothly , high - level exchanges have been frequent , and friendly exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been constantly strengthened .
both countries have made great progress in international affairs and in their respective national construction , and have supported each other in close cooperation .
china appreciates and thanks bangladesh for its support to china on issues such as taiwan 's human rights and tibet .
qiao qingchen said that the chinese armed forces treasure the friendly relations with the bangladesh armed forces , and hope that with the joint efforts of both sides , the two armed forces will further expand the scope and level of friendly cooperation , strengthen friendly exchanges and cooperation between the air forces of the two countries , and raise the friendly and cooperative relations between the two armed forces to a new level .
qi said bangladesh will make efforts to further develop the two armed forces , especially the two air forces .
he reiterated that the bangladesh government will , as always , adhere to the one - china policy .
before the meeting , qiao qingchen held a welcoming ceremony for the visit .
qi was invited by qiao qingchen to beijing on 8 july for an official goodwill visit to china .
the seven - style military uniform designers as guest of the chinese web
the pla daily , beijing , 13 july ( jiefangjun bao ) -- report by yang baojin and liu xinxin : the pla units will be changed to a military uniform of seven - year arms on 1 august .
tonight , the chinese military website specially invited the military supplies bureau deputy director chen jun and the military needed equipment research institute 's senior engineer , qi yueyang , to be a guest of the chinese military web , and to exchange with netizens from inside and outside the military and the research and development process of the new military uniforms , which have aroused responses from netizens .
the two guests are the direct flagons of the seven - style military uniform design .
speaking about the changes in the new military uniform , they said that the 7 - style military uniform was changed in the order of the 97 - type military uniform , and the series of dragons in the military uniform and other seven improvements were as many as several hundred .
the most prominent characteristic of the 07 military uniform is that it embodies the requirements of making our military uniforms more transparent , and that our military uniforms can reach the standards of coordinating the three armed services for the first time , indicating that the level of our army 's military uniform construction has achieved a historic leap .
the two guests also exchanged views on the strains of new military uniforms , including the crane plumes of the bronze plutonium , and other issues with website visitors .
this time , the chinese military web site and the new chinese website are jointly held .
the jinjiang city personnel training platform has enhanced the quality of specialized cadres .
the pla daily reports from cao jiaju and zhu chunbin : on 18 june , a group of cadres from jingjiang city in jiangsu province was held in the binding hall of the cadres of the armed forces of xilai town . lu yuqing , director of the armed police department of xicheng town , gave lectures on " fighting and winning a psychological war under the condition of informatization . " the lecture was unanimously held by the trainees .
this is the first time that the military department has put pressure on the cadres of the special forces unit in light of the actual conditions of their posts , and has devoted great efforts to raising the comprehensive quality of specialized military cadres .
early this year , when conducting investigations and studies at the grassroots level , the party committee of the people 's armed forces department discovered that some cadres with special weapons had been appointed , and they were not placed in the armed work .
for this reason , they have adopted the method of training through training in a centralized manner , relying on local party schools to train specialized military cadres at regular intervals , and focused on solving problems such as the unitary quality of specialized military cadres .
in light of the central task , boldly assign special - duty cadres to them , and through their work posts , enhance their ability to perform duties .
at the same time , they have actively coordinated with local organizational departments and jointly formulated the " plan for appointing specialized military cadres for posts " and explicitly stipulated that the ministers of the armed forces must be in the leading body and not be removed from their posts .
and established a mechanism for specialized - arms cadres to adjust and exchange , and for some cadres of specialized military skills who are not adapted to the work of armed forces at the grassroots level , they promptly readjusted and exchanged their work and were promoted and used to comrades who are full of overall quality and strong working ability .
not long ago , chen yisong , director of the armed forces department of xinxin warship company , led the militia technical detachment in innovating and developing underwater vessels to fill the domestic gap and was upgraded to the director of the armed forces department of the company .
first , good will be good .
the results of the match are only a rational score of 2 - 2 , and can be accepted by the subject , and the key is the course of the competition , and how much regrets it will be .
if iran leads the 2 - 0 , then equals the score for china , then it will certainly be different , and it will be very long , the situation is quite different .
good will never end , but one old problem can be said to be a pawn .
the situation is often a situation of unrest , and the general view is china 's psychological quality is not perfect .
this is indeed a very reason why you cannot get on with your grace .
however , judging from the competition today , it seems that it was not .
sun jigong , sun jiaxiang , zheng zhi , and others did not say anything about the ball in europe . li wei and others were also old players who had been sand - dragging . they were able to see the broad masses and say that their psychological quality would not have any problem .
this time , the iranian team was forced to calm , and the reason was probably that the troops would be deployed to the scene .
under backward conditions , iran 's team changed two and the scene immediately got the command .
the second half of the game also changed the three names , but the results were not good .
we must overcome the shortcomings of being incapable of ending problems , and we must find the root causes of problems .
as long as problems are accurately identified and the methods for changing problems are not difficult to find .
fear that they would be dragged into a hospital for emergency treatment .
if this continues , the stirring up will be a competition that will be held back more , and the old defect will still be defeated . it will not be possible to play a further game that everybody is looking forward to .
prc : ministry of public security holds collective recitation for guangdong frontier defense corps hospital
shenzhen , july 18 , by staff reporter
li guoliang reporting : for many years , the hospital of the guangdong frontier defense corps has done everything possible to rescue the people in difficulty while providing medical support to the troops . a piece of land has been dragged on by the people of eight places .
this morning , the ministry of public security held a collective celebration for the second anniversary of the founding of the guangdong frontier defense corps hospital and a meeting of advanced deeds in supporting the government and cherishing the people .
the hospital of the guangdong frontier defense corps has built a harmonious society , and has established a three - specialty medical care and management hospital in puji , shenzhen , to deal with migrant workers , and the fees for the medical treatment of migrant workers are only 1 yuan , and the inspection fees can be cut by 8 % .
the hospital specially equipped with a cabbage , which was free to receive free medical treatment from peasant workers , and introduced health service cards for peasant workers . the monthly amount of money needed only 7 yuan to enjoy 12 basic medical examinations and support .
this measure has benefited more than 12,000 farmers .
from the segment , the hospital also carried out a large - scale activity of soybean , which had eight times sent medical personnel to the province of yunnan , qinghai , and other places in tibet to send bronze to the health of the children and carry out nearly 3,000 cases of indoor barrier free of charge , so that the patient could see the light again .
the armed police force has changed its style of wearing apparel since 1 august .
beijing , 19 july ( jiefangjun bao ) -- report by liu zhiguo , reporter zhang jianjun , the armed police force will be changing their 07 - style clothes since 1 august .
today , this reporter learned from the armed police force 's 07 - style garment distribution ceremony and jubilation activities that the 7 - style costume that was replaced with a total of a gifts and balloons , and the four big strains of the coalmine were often taken as a gift .
the garments have been adjusted from the existing olive green to the deep olive green color , sleeves and trousers with a thin strap strap , with the overall design being strong , and with the number of the costumes being set up , they are based on the national coating standard .
the female officers and men had a large number of baby surgical capsule , and the winter dress was changed from a consignment to a hooligan style , a structure of the waist in the summer uniform , and a hunting style design was often adopted in spring and autumn .
the new name plate , the national defense medal and the ribbon , as well as the newly designed label of the national defense , the badge and the badge of the national flag , have enhanced the ability to distinguish the clothes and enhanced the beauty .
the armed police 's 07 - style clothes will be replaced in three years .
before 1 august 2007 , the army together with the army was a native of nunochu , a military band , and a civilian engineering regiment , and a cadre of the yutai and a soldier stationed in beijing were replaced with a summer uniform and a symbol .
in may , he was a student of other troops , and often took a badge in the summer of spring .
in october , he was a capture of a winter dress .
in december 2009 , he was replaced with a winter uniform .
the training was followed by a season of training .
a certain base of the second artillery corps began to operate in a small area of cooperation in education .
the pla daily reports from xu bingjian , xu qing , xu qingyuan , that educational organizations of small units were unable to organize resources and were not involved in each other 's battle , and that they would become history at a certain base of the second artillery corps .
the reporter has learned recently that after half a year of experiments , the base has issued the " implementation method for implementing the ' ideological and political education program ' " , which covers several ideological and political education cooperation zones of all small , scattered , and directly administered units of the base .
to promote the effective implementation of the " outline of ideological and political education , " the base organized forces at the beginning of the year to conduct in - depth investigation and study on the current situation of ideological and political education in small units , which had affected and constrained the results of education personnel , and initially formed a new type of education model in the small , remote , and directly - administered units .
the specific approach of the cooperation zone is to break the division between the establishment of units and designate a brigade - level unit in the small , scattered , and directly subordinate units to make unified planning for the education on main topics , and units with different affiliations have to hold discussions on the same channel 's hearing or use the same system for long - distance discussion .
adopting a method of combining seduction with competitive appointment , and carrying out unified deployment of education forces ; integrating the use of education hardware in the region ; sharing and exchanging experiences in education of data ; and organizing regular exchange of study by the officers and men of the typical cases in the districts on the basis of the documentary reports .
each cooperation zone has set up education for sergeant and tuition personnel .
on this basis , various cooperation zones have also established a large project of assistance for thorny problems , and a system of notification and evaluation of the emergency ideological situation of the masses of people .
zhang suimin , director of the base 's political department , told this reporter that the establishment of a political education cooperation zone has not only reduced the waste of educational resources but also deepened the results of education .
some political fears are being lost in front of officers and men of a unit , and they are taking the initiative to learn new knowledge and explore new methods of education .
officers and men who have received education are also actively studying contents , fearing that when discussing and analyzing the situation , they would talk outside in front of officers and men of the neighboring units .
this way , the warmth of the horse and the caodrine have been effectively stimulated .
the number of troops on the north sea fleet was all divided into the number of troops on the orders .
the pla daily reports from zhang junhong and liu hongjun : on 17 july , zhang weiliang , deputy chief engineer of a certain detachment of the north sea fleet , happily set foot on the beidaihe train with 31 soldiers working on the front line of the detachment .
luo xiangming , a class - six nco officer , told this writer : leaders of the detachment are concerned about and loving the soldiers , and let us return home with great emotion . after we have returned , we will work hard to put our work on our feet .
organized grass - roots soldiers to work in this unit for the first time .
not long ago , yao qingsheng went down to the grass roots to see some soldiers responsible for the work of dragging on their own feet to carry out repair work , which greatly moved yao qingsheng .
the soldiers should work in their own selfless manner , and the party committee should be concerned about and take care of the soldiers ' health and take responsibility for the health of the soldiers .
after studying the report , the party committee decided to allocate all the quota of oils from the upper levels to the brigades of soldiers working on the frontline .
the work of a unit of the jinan military region has made public the hot spot .
jfjb : pla daily
wang weiqin , special envoy of li desheng , reported : in july , i saw a photo of a certain unit of the jinan military region : a piece of important matters written by the bidding for the promotion of cadres to the rank of nco 's and other important matters , such as the promotion of the financial department to the rank of nco , were hung in the showroom and window .
according to the political commissar su chengsen , this is a concrete move taken by the ministry to promote the system of opening office affairs to the public .
huiqiu , the party committee of this unit , has formulated the " two - way supervision by the organs at the grassroots level " and other measures to strengthen the building of party style and clean government . " it has demanded that all major issues involving the immediate interests of officers and men and the building of the troops should be heard , and that decisions should be made after listening to the opinions of officers and men and in the past , and that the standards of handling affairs should be made public and the
the unit has set up a column for making a clean break , and has opened a panorama on a flagship to collect opinions and suggestions from everyone .
early this year , the renovation and renovation of dormitory buildings of soldiers was started , and the party committee organs extensively solicited the opinions of officers and men , then issued the tender information and put the tender into practice .
they have saved the funds and won the support of officers and men .
the practice of opening up and fairness in handling matters has brought about a good atmosphere in the grass roots .
in this unit , the grassroots companies , no matter whether they are large or hot or sensitive , or when they are small , they are spending daily on the personal vacation and food accounts , are all insisting on making public announcements on a regular basis and consciously subject themselves to supervision by the masses .
research shows real estate surging with two genes
london , july 2 ( xinhua ) the country 's first case of a landslide in two genes in the country 's central province of london was found through research , said the official .
according to the latest issue of " nature " magazine , the company of the crystal of iceland has conducted a survey on several thousand people from iceland , the united states , and hong kong , china . the research has obtained the above discovery .
the two genes found by scientists were of vital importance to the heart in the early days .
the room was trembling , the most serious sign of control , which could lead to a panotic breath and a quick decision of the pawn .
the " natural genetic , genetic , " published on 1 july , carries reports that researchers of the hangar company are still studying in the human no. 17 chromosomes two different genes related to the prelude , and they are among the more than one - third of the prevalence cases .
the research also discovered that one of the genes is raising the risk of a pyroid cancer while lowering the risk of a panorama .
( sports ) us old gate may retire after the keller american cup
xinhua news agency , marathon , july 3 ( venezuela ) - - - ( by reporter jian liu )
according to a report by venezuelan media on 3 march , the 37 - year - old old old guard keleer said in an interview here that if the us cup cannot find an appropriate club after the game , he will choose to retire .
if the american cup finals are over four to six weeks , i still cannot get a high level of the high level team a one - two chord contract , then retirement may be my choice .
as the city of gemeni fell into germany b , keler also left the team with two multi - national teams that had its own effect .
although keleer was very nervous , he was obviously not worried about his whereabouts , and he himself has now had eight teams who intend to invite him to visit the mainland .
however , this gentleman who once served the western expedition and the old godess of germany , said that his final choice was determined by the family , my child was already nine years old , and he followed me in three different countries , and went to three different schools . i now have to consider how to better benefit my family .
in the gold cup tournament that ended not long ago , keler played an outstanding role in helping the team win the championship .
he was still coach bladley , the head coach of the american cup , but he could hardly hit the enemy in a big way , and the young guard troops were not the argentine pine pagoda , a powerful opponent , two matches , the big gate he was on guard was worn in seven times .
the next match for the columbia team may be the match between the hezbollah and keler in the current cup .
( overseas - related ) strawberry cell phones to land in china at end of august
xinhua news agency , july , ottae , canada - based " global post " reports that after eight years of hard work , canadian companies ' black strawberry ( lakes ) has finally been approved for china 's market , and the first batch of black strawberry cell phones will be listed in china at the end of august .
the chief executive of the ministry of foreign affairs , jim bob xilley , said that he would launch a blacklist of major cities such as beijing , shanghai , guangzhou , etc. to serve business customers .
the " global post " quoted a manager of the beijing office as saying that the number of hagglawberry 8700g intelligent cell phones will land on the chinese market at the end of august , and the price is about $ 700 . so far , it has received 5,000 orders .
bob xilley said that last week , the company 's listing on the internet has made people more and more concerned about smartphone . as an opponent of ihohee 's competitors , the black strawberry cell phone has now been sold in more than 100 countries around the world .
according to statistics , in the first quarter of this year , the number of newly added subscribers to the black strawberry cell phone reached 1.2 million , with the total number of subscribers already reaching 9:00 .
spain : husband killed in monk 's death
xinhua news agency , july 7 , a spanish woman was attacked by a miao and she fell on a pair of horses during a struggle . she discovered that the culprit was her husband . the police had arrested him .
according to reports from the media here on the 6th , the woman worked in a mess shop in valencia .
one day , a man in a masked shop , who thought that the culprit was a hijacking , told him to take money from the drawer .
but the man did not take money , but pinned the neck of the woman and wanted to get her .
she wanted to use the method of assassination to send her , but the man did not put her on her face , still kicked her and pinned her neck .
during the struggle , the woman was covered with a flashing face , but she was unexpectedly discovered that her husband .
the culprit was arrested by police .
the victim told the media that she and her husband were divorcing their divorce procedures because of their poor feelings .
13 pilots resign from dongaviation company , claims more than 100 million yuan in compensation
xinhua news agency , july 11 , wuhan ( reporter yang yang and chu xu )
thirteen pilots have resigned , while the chinese eastern airlines has opened up a total of 105 - million yuan in compensation letters , which is the largest amount of compensation for hubei province to claim compensation .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee is currently trying the case .
in may this year , 13 pilots of the donghang airways company successively raised their resignation , and they were rejected by the company .
later , the pilot successively put forward to the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee in early june an application for labor arbitration , requesting the ruling to terminate the labor relations with the donghang sang company .
donghang airlines , after receiving a notice of action , lodged an appeal , demanding that 13 pilots pay the price of loss of more than 6 million yuan to the company that violated the labor contract and terminated the labor contract , and that the amount of losses involved would be between 10 million yuan and 1.5 million yuan .
it is understood that the aircraft carrier rocket was a labor contract with a fixed time limit . except for the conditions of termination or conditions of dismantling of labor contracts , the validity of labor contracts will continue to reach the legal retirement age of pilots .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee has handled this case and is expected to conclude the hearing before 8 august .
germany calls for russia to pass border treaty
xinhua news agency , july 12 , ( by yang dehong ) - german foreign minister steinmeier , who is currently visiting , called on russia to pass the treaty as soon as possible .
steinmeier held talks with his wife , pager , and the two sides mainly discussed the relations between rad and the cooperation between the eu and russia , and exchanged views on the development of relations between the two countries and the eu and russia .
at a news conference after the talks , steinmeier called on russia to pass the treaty as soon as possible .
steinmeier said that the whole countries of the balkan region and russia are relatively slow in improving their relations , and the process of signing the treaty has witnessed the development of their relations with russia . however , the shadow of history may also make their relations regress again , and he hoped that russia can pass the treaty on the russian border as soon as possible to promote the development of bilateral relations .
on 27 march this year , after 10 years of negotiations , prime minister girijas kirovski and russian prime minister matviyenko signed the treaty on the border between the two countries .
on 17 may , the lula parliament passed the treaty on the border between russia and russia .
according to reports from the media , the russian parliament will vote on the treaty in the near future .
dprk , rok to hold sixth round of talks
pyongyang , july 16 ( xinhua ) the united states has decided to send a delegation to the six - party talks on the korean peninsula nuclear issue
the dprk and the rok military representatives held talks in panmunjon on 16 june . the two sides agreed to hold the sixth round of talks on the subject from 24 to 26 february .
according to a report by the central news agency , north korean military representative pak pong soo put forward in his contact that day the proposal of setting up a joint venture between yan'o island and bailing island in the western waters of north korea , and explained in detail the reasons .
he said : to establish common surging areas , we must implement the principle of seeking common prosperity and common benefit of the nation as well as ensuring peace and stability .
speaking about the maritime boundary between the two sides , pak said that in order to prevent military conflicts in the western sea area , the two sides should give up the maritime boundary they have upheld , and recognize and respect each other , and hand over the relevant agreement between the dprk and the rok to date and the internationally recognized laws as the basis for consultations .
he said that formulating military security measures in a timely manner to promote cooperation and exchange between the dprk and the rok was a policy that the dprk military has always adhered to .
he said : at present , the rok should adopt military measures to ensure that the dprk 's civilian ships can directly travel to and from haizhou port to the south and freely pass through the strait of jizhou .
this is the second round of talks between the dprk and the rok in recent days following the 10 th of this month .
the fifth north - south korean talks on stalinate were held in panmunjon from 8 to 11 may .
( international ) modern automobile denies intention to buy wolves
seoul , july 18 ( xinhua ) a spokesman for the korea hyundai motor company said on the 18th in seoul that the company had no intention to purchase any brand under the flag of wolfowo or the company .
the sunday times and the new york times both reported that the sale of volvo may be carried out .
the sunday times even reported that the rok 's hyundai motor company is a potential pupil .
a spokesman for the hyundai motor company said : we are not interested in purchasing voloyo seiao or a tiger at all . hyo'neo is busy implementing his own expansion plan , and he simply has no time to go to the kitchen .
in 1999 , the amount of ferocious oxygen was $ 64.5 - million , buying wolfowo brands from the hands of the swedish wolfowo group .
at present , wolfowo and lu juao are all principal automobile groups ( excluding the bulk ) .
in march this year , the us dollar sold in a dark voyage , which was under the flag of the pow , again , last month , it said it considered selling the tiger and the czech republic .
( sports ) cuba 's caodro ropes are too short
xinhua news agency , rio de janeiro , july 21 ( reporter chen weihua )
on 21 march , the cuban delegation headed by gurota , the rope of the pan - american games , is too short , and will affect the performance of the fists .
according to the rules of the international fist association , the rope of the boxing on the stage of international competitions should be 6.1 meters , but according to the survey by the cuban team 's coach pedro rok , the rope of the pan - american fist games is less than 1 meters less than the standard for the rope of the rope .
roke said that we submitted a formal protest because this was not an act that affects a country of cuba , but all .
the ropes are too short , which will affect the fists ' flashing maneuvering movements .
he also said : if you cannot find a standard for the olympic games ,
as far as we know , we brought from cuba a cough .
the mexican and colombian delegations also expressed dissatisfaction with the ropes of the boxing on taiwan that day .
columbia fist zhu li , dorbis , although won the first battle , said : though i won the first game , the attacking platform is too narrow , i really do n't think that i do n't want to go on the stage .
large abu rabbit milk sugar replaces overseas
xinhua news agency , shanghai , july 24 ( reporter xu shousong and yu lihong ) - this reporter has learned from guansheng garden ( group ) limited that the dayabu crescent sugar at the shanghai port at one time has resumed its exports recently , and quite a few overseas buys have demanded orders .
the guansheng garden in singapore , mr. lin qingrong , a company in fuyang , recently sent a telegram to guansheng garden group , saying that since the results of the large - scale tests of the milk rabbit rabbit of the singapore agriculture , grain and sugar bureau were not containing decorum , it could be sold normally on the market , and therefore it was required to set orders .
the malaysian heiao company , which is the guansheng garden , said that it demanded that the guansheng garden immediately send a large abu crescent sugar from shanghai to malaysia .
the hong kong - based sanfeng trading company limited also called the kangsheng garden , which said that the hong kong food safety centre had collected a large abu emitted sugar sample from hong kong and had verified that it was not formaldehyde .
the hsbc has received notification from hong kong chinese mooring and decided to resume sales of large abu crescent crescent crescent crescent crescent crescent sugar in hong kong .
it is understood that the shanghai port , which was once a sea port , has gradually resumed exports of large abu rabbit milk .
at present , there are seven containers , including large abu crescent sugar , which is sending to singapore 's goalkeeper , malaysia 's gini , and other countries .
( international ) criminal suspects arrested for making british hooligans ' bombs
london , july 26 ( xinhua ) british police announced on july 26 that it had committed a crime suspect who manufactured british soyuz 's atomic bomb in mid - july and arrested in kricaro , lankstri prefecture , on the 23rd .
the police said that the man was called " bu maixi , 51 , and the unemployed would be extorted and fabricated with a bomb . "
on the afternoon of 14 july ( chinanews , beijing ) , 14 british hottoners were immediately closed down because of a bomb threat , and business was resumed on the second day .
it was the peak of british procurement that at that time 14 of the 14 companies were closed down , which caused the largest loss of their income .
the british police subsequently conducted a criminal investigation into the bomb threat and announced that no sign of terrorist activities had been found in the incident , but there might be some economic motivations behind it .
( sports ) fertility is a misleading beijing olympic games
beijing , july 28 ( xinhua ) the world 's top leaders , who are in the dark , are expected to become a maritime city in beijing in august next year when the olympic games are held .
through changing the technical means such as the flower period , scientific research personnel have found a good policy of increasing the color of the olympic games .
on the 28th , the new summer olympic variety contest was held in beijing , and the evaluation of experts at a meeting on the cultivation of high - quality olympic varieties . the evaluation and evaluation of the results came to the conclusion that the cultivation of new technologies should be brought under control . different types of plants and varieties may be allowed to bloom in the same period of summer and the best results of the beijing olympics in august .
in the summer summer of beijing , it is usually seen that a dozen or so of high - open flames have long been withered or have not yet been placed in the corn .
through efforts , scientific research personnel have selected 206 olympic temples for the summer olympics , and they have more than 400 varieties .
at the beijing haidian park , the olympic flower show will be held in beijing 's haidian park , and around the first anniversary of the opening of the beijing olympic games , a group of bronze seedlings that were not natural in august before will be greeted with flower beds .
turkish ruling party wins parliamentary election
xinhua news agency , july 30 , xinhua ( reporter wang jian ) - the turkish supreme election commission 's final results of the 23 rd parliamentary election released on the 30th showed that the ruling justice and development party had 341 seats among 550 seats , and once again obtained a party 's right to vote .
in the election of the parliament held on 22 july , the main opposition party , the republican people 's party , won the seats .
the party won 71 seats in the election .
apart from the three political parties mentioned above , 26 other members were elected .
the new parliament will hold its first meeting in august .
by then , all members will be sworn in and begin to perform their duties .
after that , the parliament will elect a new speaker through an unpopular vote .
the turkish parliament election was originally scheduled to take place in november , but in the presidential election at the end of april , because the opposition party held a boycott against the only candidate , the vice premier , and the development party 's foreign minister , yiler , causing the presidential election to fail , and the parliamentary election was advanced .
