white house urges early deployment of nuclear inspectors to monitor north korea 's closing of nuclear reactors
the white house today called for the early dispatch of nuclear inspectors to monitor north korea 's closure of its nuclear reactor , and the white house made the appeal after a telephone conversation between us president bush and south korean president roh ch'ien .
white house national security council spokesman cho - cho said that the two leaders discussed on tuesday the us - south korea cooperation on the north korean nuclear issue and hoped that iaea inspectors would return to north korea very soon to monitor the halting operation and closure of north korea 's nuclear reaction .
cho pointed out that the two presidents also expressed their welcome to the us - south korea free trade agreement signed yesterday and will make efforts to ensure that the two parliaments will approve the agreement .
experts believe that pyongyang has made considerable achievements in producing plutonium in the past 20 years in producing 12 nuclear weapons .
after pyongyang last week , us special envoy to the six - party talks , hill , said he expected the yongbyon nuclear reactor to close in mid - july .
43 killed in west india rains
the rainstorm was attacked in western india on the weekend , with severe flooding in some areas , and large cities in western india were suspended from china at home and abroad .
rescue officials said today that 43 people were killed in the fragments .
the wind brings shock and rain to india from june to september every year , leading to the flood of 100 million people in india , and even causing casualties .
the most difficult task of this time was to let half of the victims die by floods , while others were drowned by housing or sunlight .
india 's financial center was also affected by its weakness .
in the twelve days of diameter , the fringe of the fragrant fragrant fragrant fragrant fragrant fragrant fragrant fragrance of 43 was only 29 percent .
chief executive bazarak said that his single shot had 13 lives .
officials from the city government called on citizens to stay away from the city before the rain and to safeguard their own security .
yesterday , the rain was slightly intermittent , and most areas of xigui are still flooded .
nearly 500 killed in indian floods
according to the official and media reports , the death toll in india this year caused by heavy rain has climbed to 4thawn .
the indian news trust , heiju , quoted government chief hanichi kadan , who has been in charge of the reconstruction , said today that the indian provinces have entered the last week . the casualties and economic losses in various places have been caused by the economic losses . the province of shila , the province , which is the largest city in india , alone , has been known to be in the province .
the report pointed out that when he was inspecting the scene , kadan made the above remarks to the media .
he said that he was also india 's largest cotton producer , shila province , which has 27 cities and towns with bullied fires , with more than 10,000 victims being killed and safe .
india is moving from the south to the north , beginning one week ago , entering the country one after another . the residents of all provinces are holding a long - standing drought and greeting the rain with their hearts . however , they have not expected that the rain will be so violent , as one disaster , a drizzle , a low - lying area , and no water in the low - lying areas .
jovitrap , the winnipeg champion , picked up the nada final .
the red earth 's emperor narayanji of spain today won the first prize of the men 's men 's singles men 's men 's men 's men 's men 's singles . the competition qioguogovic , who won the championship , was not able to retreat from the competition . the nakota 's inverse march final will compete with the swiss world 's champion fernandez , the french champion , and the french champion , the
jovic had both won the match in the 16 - strong match and the 8 - strong match . he beat the third - game with trench and water , and called the guardian for treatment . later , he could not consciously embrace the wounds and decided to abandon the match .
the fourth seed jovic retreated , which originally won the first prize of the second seed nachimonse of the second seed of the first lead in three to six - six .
the first reason for the nagoka opening competition was that the hot plane was too slow , and outside the first set of the first set under the situation , both the second and third rounds of battle were all leading .
satellites show iran 's excavation of tunnel to protect nuclear equipment
the us think tank science and international security institute reported today that commercial satellite extracted uranium , iran 's mounting tunnel near the naganana facilities , might be aimed at protecting nuclear equipment when it encountered air strikes .
these are the ' blue ' beams ' from the us ' chungyin ' company and the " us - style " company on june 11 , and are posted on the website of the science and international security research institute .
the research institute is located in washington , dc , and is a non - profit research group .
dietary indications are only located in the area south of the nadaltz facility , which is carrying out road construction along the hill , and the facility is a uranium enrichment factory .
analysts o'brien and brown pointed out in a report that the entrance of the tunnel in the river was not clear , but the one on the road seemed to be accessible to a tunnel facility , and another road might also be the way to the hillside .
they said : the operation of a tunnel to dig into the mountains will play a very good role in protecting the environment during the air raid .
un envoy holds nuclear talks with iran
the international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) has held talks with iranian officials on wednesday to try to resolve the impasse in iran 's nuclear program .
however , iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad is still stubbornly resisting the pressure of further sanctions by the united nations .
iran will not stop its uranium enrichment operations , but welcomes the latest talks .
he said that the plumbing movement could slow down or accelerate , but no one should expect that we give up our rights and we will not stop this moving towards the goal .
he made the remarks after arriving in haunning .
the purpose of hanning 's trip is to formulate a plan to resolve the issue of the sunnecine that triggered by iran 's nuclear program .
the united nations has already implemented two sanctions against iran because of its failure to freeze uranium enrichment .
the report by iran news agency that hanning and iran 's supreme national security council president wadi held talks with iranian officials .
iran 's working group also includes sedi , vice chairman of the atomic energy organization , and santoniye , ambassador to the international atomic energy agency .
israeli prime minister yadh fader to form new government
the palestinian authority has implemented a month - old frozen season for the suns after the suite serial serial east , and prime minister farah faya temporarily resigned , but was ordered to take charge of the new government 's affairs .
agriculture and social affairs minister hhabashar khabarhashimi told afp that prime minister frader presented his resignation to abbas , and he also asked him to be responsible for the new cabinet administration .
abbas 's suichi anmime told afp that fayer 's resignation , while abbas ordered him to perform his current duties until he was a new government .
the respected economist , fayd , proposed his resignation , only a procedural resignation , and will not shake his prime minister 's position .
the palestinian emergency cabinet led by faser since last month was responsible for implementing abbas 's violent sunjasa orders .
according to the basic law of the palestinian autonomous government , chants cannot exceed 30 days without the consent of the palestinian parliament , but now the autonomous assembly is paralyzed .
the power of the emergency government expired today .
wto representatives propose new case to break the impasse in the doha round of talks
the world trade organization ( wto ) 's main negotiating team today proposed a major us reduction of agricultural subsidies , and the developing countries have substantially lowered tariffs on industrial products to break the deadlock in the doha round of trade talks .
the official said that the new hammer model calls on the united states to reduce its subsidies to agriculture from the current allowed us dollar to us $ 200 million , and the developing countries have lowered tariffs on industrial products to below the list .
the proposal was aimed at breaking the deadlock in the doha round of talks over the past six years and bringing about a compromise agreement among wto members .
wto secretary general xiang kun claimed that these proposals were a consensus of fairness with objective balance and a fair and reasonable foundation for the fair and reasonable agreement on development as the guide .
lamy said : the un membership will not be completely satisfied with the contents of the proposal , but the problems of disagreements at present are not limited to the issues of consensus .
he called for intensive negotiations in the next few weeks .
the strong earthquake affects the parts of the ' xigang ' [ xunyi ] daily automobile plant , which produces a ' light ' [ xun ] ,
japan 's car shortage caused by a strong earthquake this week , which resulted in a shortage of parts , and suiyu and other automobile manufacturers said today that they would even suspend domestic automobile production .
japan 's sunni is hit by a 6.8 - magnitude of magnitude , the car parts millionaire company was forced to suspend the operation of the tokyo shijie factory and to affect the production of the plant .
the world 's most popular car manufacturer named xiao yang said that the production of domestic cars will be suspended from tonight until 21 july .
a japanese spokesman said that from the next day until the 23 rd , two of the three japanese factories will be closed for production and will reassess the situation on the weekend .
he said that two factories have two pieces of shock , one of which is expected to be affected , but the company may increase rotation next month to make up for the progress of backward production .
suzuki said that starting from tomorrow , some production and production of the " suiji " cars will be suspended tomorrow , and the production of the small cars will be suspended from tomorrow , and the situation will be assessed on the 21st .
shuihe said that the part of the yangzi river supply would be suspended next week .
the earthquake caused the deaths of at least 10 people , injury to others , several hundred houses and houses , and even forced factories in the disaster area to stop .
indonesia cancels selling green bags after buying
he said today that in view of the loss of order caused by the rush of purchasing in hong kong earlier this month , indonesia had cancelled the sales of british sunbag .
the sunflower froze , a person in charge of the indonesian plaza in the high consumer district , said : in view of the incidents in hong kong , we canceled the activities of the market on the green bag .
if the people want to have a 1140,000 rupee ( about nt $ 400,000 ) in the kangfu shines , then it will not have that price of sunflower .
the people of hong kong gathered outside the sales shop on the 6 th to prepare to buy a set of brown fragrant fragrant fragrant , which was designed by the british home , hayonhaide , and the chinese mainland , which is not like a light - made straw bag , but the shop shop refused to see a scene of a sudden attack .
this kind of fine quality that calls for environmental protection is attempting to replace the bags , but it is not expected that one night it will become popular indicators in london and new york , causing purchases and auction sites to get away , and prices on the auction website are several times as high as zero .
the only one in indonesia who obtained power to sell fragrant fragrant fragrant fragrance said that he was not sure whether he would sell it a few days later .
the direct talks between south korea and north korea during the hostage crisis
the afghan kidnappers kidnapped 23 south korean hostages and set today as the deadline for the final call for south korea to withdraw troops from afghanistan , otherwise they will kill the hostages .
with the time breaking down by one second and the situation showing positive developments , south korean officials held talks with sunni organizations today for the first time .
but at the same time , the group said that another kidnapped german hostage was in a very weak condition and began to fall into the mire and lose consciousness .
he called on germany and south korea to withdraw troops from afghanistan and asked them to exchange 33 guerillas who were imprisoned by the afghan government .
a spokeswoman said in a telephone interview with afp in the unidentified location that he said that " we have direct contact with south korean representatives through the elder of the tribal . "
amadi said : we hope that the talks will produce results .
he set up a special column in the evening of local time ( 10.30 pm , taiwan time ) , which will start killing south korean hostages once the time is ripe .
the extension period of the diagnosis has been extended for two times .
prc : article on japan 's military talks , rok - dprk military talks
since the term " three represents " is divided into different parts of the sea area , the three - day high - level military talks between the south and the north have ended unhappily today .
at the talks held in panchu , a border city , on the last day of the talks , kim jong - chol , north korea 's chief representative , said : we have come to a conclusion that we will no longer need talks that have no results .
the red face was obviously cheap , kim jae - chol attacked south korea and deliberately used the sea area of the liuyu waters to replace the original northern limitation line discussions .
he said the beige was not legal .
the sunflower - like frigid fragrant , which was the first time since the end of the korean war in 1953 , has been the focus of disputes between the two koreas in recent years , and north korea has even refused to admit it .
north korea said south korea 's illegal invasion of the waters triggered tension , and south korea claimed that the accusation was not based on the facts .
the clashes broke out in june 1999 , killing dozens of north korean crew members .
another rumor of a similar clash occurred in june 2002 , with six south koreans unfortunately missing .
us treasury secretary visits china to protect the environment and exchange rate is a key issue of concern
us secretary of state powell arrived in china yesterday for a visit , and the united states is making all - out efforts to persuade china to further carry out necessary economic reform and environmental protection work , especially the renminbi exchange rate issue that has attracted much attention .
us diplomats said that powell first went to the xiji island , a major province in northwest china .
china is currently carrying out a series of environmental protection plans near the largest lake in xingtai .
today , powell was transferred to beijing to discuss with chinese officials in charge of the promotion of the strategic economic dialogue between the united states and china that started last year .
the us - china strategic economic dialogue mainly discussed economic issues such as economic environment , and the most important thing is the issue of the renminbi exchange rate , and us congressmen believe that the rmb is overvalued .
the us - china trade deficit is rapidly emerging , and the pressure within the united states is gradually rising , and congressmen are ready to take retaliatory actions to counter their so - called china unfair trade policy .
last week , the us senate finance committee passed a motion , calling on the finance department to point out that the list of countries which believe that the currency exchange rate is fundamentally wrong with those who are overheating , opening the door to potential economic sanctions against beijing .
us congressmen said that the renminbi is undervalued , which has caused the commodity prices for china to be sold to the united states to worsen the imbalance in us - china trade . last year , the us trade deficit with china reached $ 2.5 billion .
muchaoli said that he had completely withdrawn from the football league 60 years old .
from the beginning of the stream , the future of mureio in xilong has always been a topic of media speculation , but like in the past , the portuguese once again stressed that he will certainly stay in western london this summer .
some newspapers listed 14 new handsome clumps in xizang , but i will remain in jizxi , and the mouthpiece of muzoni .
mary nio reiterated that he hoped that the portuguese team would get the drum of the portuguese team on the day . i really wanted to teach . i believe that one day there will always be a day that portugal also very much hope to employ me to be the chief player of the football association .
however , 44 - year - old mary neill did not plan to make contributions to soccer all his life . he said he would retire before 60 . he did not want to be like bobyon , rojen and frejen , who worked for the year 's old fatigue .
i have promised my wife , i will not be like royal and fragrant , who have been teaching 70 years old .
muelli 's diagnostic legs arrived at my 60 s , and i wanted to completely get on the stage .
i have too many things that i cannot do now awaiting me to do a panic .
i do n't want to be a soccer consultant or chief of technology , such as barbados or sachi .
i do not want to play such a role .
i do n't want to be the chairman of a club , i only want to completely get on the ball , but only hope that muslimo stressed .
( qi liang )
wang bing , a black rifle , was tried at the trial of the wang bing ' shang ' in cao shengxin village , hongdong , shanxi province .
the july incident of chinanews , with the attention of the public , was heard by yan xiaohong , a native of guangshengde village in hongxian county , shanxi province , at the first trial of the linfen city intermediate court this morning .
many domestic media are concerned about the progress of the case .
because the local departments concerned were rather cautious , some reporters were unable to attend the scene to gather news .
now , the emperor is still in progress .
according to a worker of the linfen city intermediate court , if he smoothly , i estimate that the trial will end on that day .
but whether he can be sentenced to court is still unknown .
at about 0900 , a reporter noticed the scene outside the gate of the linfen city intermediate court , and the people were in a calm and calm state and had a trip to the road .
perhaps they feel very unusual about the activities of the court .
when you are on the stage , you will have the result , and i believe that the law is just and the fragile .
a veteran who traveled there was a flashy stream of the national emblem , speaking self - proclaimed .
earlier , a source in hongxian county confirmed that the defendant 's father , wang bing , wang dongzhi , who was the father of cao shengzhen village , had been dismissed from the status of a deputy to the county people 's congress according to law .
earlier , wang dongyan was sentenced to death for having violated discipline in the case of wang bing 's shang chuanchu in shang chu , and was dismissed from the posts of village party branch secretary and expelled from the party .
the case of hiding bricks and slaves in shanxi province triggered by the wang bing ' hiding brick - thick dancing case once drew attention from both domestic and foreign countries . the central authorities issued a directive calling for a strict investigation .
the dprk and the rok reached an agreement on cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources .
chinanews , beijing , july 8 c
the dprk and the rok exchanged views on cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources on 7 july .
according to the agreement , the rok will provide the dprk with the production raw materials for light industrial products such as wearing apparel and other light industrial products . in this regard , the dprk has granted some domestic extraction rights to the rok .
according to a report by the japan association , within three days , south korea and the dprk held a meeting in kaesong on cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources , holding consultation at the level of affairs and finally reaching an agreement .
according to the agreement , south korea will play a key role in providing north korea 's clothing , shoes , and raw materials for production of the soap , with total value of sunlight .
the dprk will put on the rok three domestic hydrochloric extraction rights .
the south korean government will use its yokosuka in western china on july 25 to transport 500 tons of sunken sunken money from the first batch of contract materials to the dprk .
according to the plan , starting from 28 july , south korea and the dprk jointly conducted an investigation on the dprk 's eastern region .
the rok government started to launch aid programs to the dprk with a total of 400,000 tons of rice .
while the dprk expressed its willingness to actively carry out the agreements reached by the six countries , including the closure of nuclear facilities , economic cooperation between the dprk and the rok has again become active .
lanzhou price bureau explains the limitations of the beef on the front , only because of the excessive increase .
chinanews , lanzhou , july 10 c the central news agency ( huang party )
this afternoon , the lanzhou city bureau of commodity prices invited relevant departments to hold a forum on the limiting of the price of the bulk meat .
at the press conference , it was learned that the main reason why the departments of the xingfu bureau and others jointly issued a document with the highest price was that the price of the bulk on the floor was too big , which exceeded the tolerance capacity of the general residents .
it is reported that the increase in the price of the bull meat this time has reached 20 percent , and data statistics show that this was the first time since the increase in the price of the niece in lanzhou in the early 1980 s , which lasted the shortest and the largest increase .
" the government 's behavior is to take into account the economic capability of ordinary residents in the region , and the maximum price for our delivery is to go through cost investigation , " said the director of the lanzhou city commodity price bureau .
on 26 january , the lanzhou city bureau of commodity prices and the bureau of shang bureau of industry and commerce jointly imposed the maximum price on the meat surface , which triggered a strong concern .
it is learned that the purpose of the forum is to listen to opinions from all walks of life and solicit opinions and suggestions for specific management methods for taiwan in the next step , and according to reports , lanzhou will hold a news conference tomorrow .
this will be the first meeting in lanzhou city on the increase in the price of the cow .
prc : china 's development council suspended activities for three months
chinanews , beijing , july 11 c according to information from the chinanews website , on july 9 , the xizang prefectural development and promotion association of china issued an administrative penalty for stopping activities for three months .
the punishment order shows that the china regional development council has the following illegal acts : a superstandard is set , a variety of hot products are collected , and two ' xizang ' uses ' to collect other fees from non - member units .
according to investigation , the standard of the xunyi unit 's members is 2,1,000 yuan a year . from june to february 2007 , xxi xiangyu had set out from more than 20 units . except for one member of the company , he received 21,000 yuan in total . the other family received fees from each family to cover a range of women , ranging from chase to chase , and some 80 thousand hostages , which contain the fees collected from the organizations .
prc : prc : prc official on ' regulations on registration of social organizations ' according to the provisions of section 1 of article 33 of the " regulations on registration and management of social organizations , " the ministry of public security has imposed administrative penalty for the society that should stop its activities within three months within a specified period , and sealed off those items that are related to the event according to law .
the rok government hopes to speed up the process of denuclearization of the peninsula through the six - party talks .
chinanews , beijing , july 12 - according to a report by the rok national association , the rok government welcomes the meeting of the heads of the delegations of the six - party talks to be held in beijing on the 18th .
a spokesman for the rok ministry of foreign affairs and trade issued a statement on 12 june , hoping that at the meeting of the delegation heads of the six - party talks , he will discuss measures for ending the initial stage as soon as possible and implement the measures for the next phase , and the concrete and substantive plans for the six - party talks , so as to accelerate the process of denuclearization of the korean peninsula .
the commentary also said : as the core of the dprk nuclear issue , china 's government will make continued efforts to achieve a nuclear - free korean peninsula at a rapid and complete date , and will continue to play a positive role in this regard . in this regard , it will closely cooperate with relevant countries .
officials revealed that the number of countries and regions that are expected to be the largest in number of participating countries and regions in the beijing olympic games
chinanews , beijing , july 16 c
according to xinhua news agency , wang shilin , deputy director of the international department of the beijing olympic organizing committee , revealed on 14 july that the beijing organizing committee will send an invitation to the 205 ioc members next month to participate in the olympic games .
he said : if no unexpected incidents occur , the beijing olympic games will be the largest olympic games in all countries and regions in history .
the report says that from 10 to 12 june , wang shilin , on behalf of the beijing olympic organizing committee , briefed the pan - american sports association on the progress of preparations for the beijing olympic games . among them , including qinjian transportation , qilaiju , and others .
wang shilin said : all the member countries and regions of the pan - american sports organization have shown great enthusiasm for participating in the beijing olympic games . all 42 members have confirmed that they will participate in the meeting of the olympic olympic committee delegation heads of all countries and regions to be held in beijing next month .
it is reported that at the meeting , the ioc will join the beijing olympic organizing committee in formally inviting 205 ioc members to participate in the olympic games .
( gao peng , yang limin )
wang yan 's condition improved " persists in " sitting on the stool and restarting the ' two - level ' muscle '
wang yan was already able to sit on the stool , but she could not feel a long time . she would feel dizzy . yesterday , wu xilong , director of the zhejiang sports center , told the reporter .
wang yan , who was injured in the match , continued to improve the condition , among which the muscle - pull muscle on the left , and the two - level ones that were restarted more than 10 days ago .
this month , wang yan , from the six shanghai hospital 's ( female ) suite , was transferred to the special patients ' ward , and her right - right limbs were from two to three , with left - right limbs and muscle lims being grade 1 .
in the last half month , wang yan 's limbs and muscle have improved further .
dietary doctor said wang yan 's infantry power reached four levels and above , which is only one level lower than normal 5 grade , and his left muscle is also at the level three or above .
in other words , in less than half a month , wang yan 's upper limbs and muscle had resumed two stages of infantry .
the former zi zi , wang yan , was able to continue to sit on the bed for five minutes with the help of the doctor .
the hospital 's rehabilitation experts originally planned to let wang yan engage in a contractual practice with the protection of his beds at the end of last week .
however , according to wang yan 's recovery at the present stage , the field of training with a sense of urgency has to be temporarily postponed .
wu xianqin said that wang yan 's current training is mainly based on his riveron riveres , and she can persist in sitting on the chairs , but it is still not too long to be done ( reporter wang ji ) .
venezuelan president calls for a big cut in salary for senior public servants
chinanews , july 23 c according to a comprehensive report , venezuelan president xiang huaicheng delivered a speech on 22 july on venezuela 's domestic and foreign policies .
he said that the salary reduction for senior civil servants was substantially reduced .
he also said that if foreigners attack the venezuelan government , they will face serious consequences and will be expelled .
he ordered government officials to closely monitor foreign statements during their visits to venezuela and found that anyone who openly criticized him or the commission government would expel him from the country .
in his televised speech on the evening of 22 march , he said that venezuela could not tolerate foreigners going to their homes to make indiscreet remarks .
in his speech , he also pointed out that the salary of senior civil servants will be reduced substantially .
he said that the salary of venezuelan public servants cannot exceed the monthly average of us dollars .
it is reported that in venezuela , some poor people 's monthly income is usd .
the action to cut civil service salaries in latin american countries has become a common practice and has won the support of the broad masses of the people .
leaders of peru , chitchy , and other countries all reduced their salaries .
chi also said that cuban leader castro reminded him of his actions taken by the us side .
he said that carter presented him a letter written by former us central governor yin yin , please take a look at the various kinds of hot porcelain guys of the central intelligence agency .
the hearing of the suite of the emperor 's suite was ended yesterday , and the maikai rotary was temporarily punished .
the council of the international automobile movement ( ioc ) held a special hearing on the larli technology espionage case in paris last night , and the summoned maikai wheel flowing through the same incident : the council will decide not to impose a temporary penalty on the maikai wheel .
the cri official network issued a statement after the hearing , saying that the group 's current name is " julius maimai mai mai messi 's name in france , " but there is not enough evidence to show that these data are not used in the locality for the use of the international united nations - level ( ipu ) fantastic group ) , and therefore will not be punished .
however , the larry technology case did not draw a line of thought on this .
in this decision , the automobile sports council also said that if the toxic found that the relevant data of ramallah were used to damage the championship , we reserve the right to request the maikai wheel to return to the vehicle sports council to hear the hearing . at that time , they might be punished by the qualifications of the 2007 and even 2008 hostage contests .
the former architect of the maikai wheel , mclachi , who was suspended , has been found to have nearly 800 pages of technical documents , including the design of the french larli 2007 , etc. , the design of the design of the drilling power , the construction of the series of parts , including the testing and operation of the sunlight and sunlight , and the series of the testing and operation of the shutting wheel .
before the maikai lesothon parade , no other people in the vehicle team knew this information , the mai kai wheel , this panic , was not like a french horse .
( wang yuan )
experts believe that insurance cushion will not divert domestic stock funds in the short term .
chinanews , beijing , july 30 c
according to a report by china securities news , the " interim procedures on the management of offshore investment of insurance funds " was promulgated a few days ago , and insurance funds have a broader space for use in the capital market .
liu lefei , chief investment officer of china 's liuyang company , believes that the renminbi 's appreciation and the domestic capital market are getting better , and insurance will not be able to make large - scale investment through foreign exchange purchase in the near future . this also means that insurance will not divert domestic stock market funds in the short term .
the report said that many insurance institutions hold the same views .
experts said that since there is no such market as the renminbi chilled products , insurance institutions are not capable of taking risks , the time is not ripe for large - scale foreign exchange purchases .
liu lefei said : in the long term , in the area of asset allocation , foreign investment should have a certain proportion of the overall allocation of insurance companies .
however , in view of the fact that the renminbi is under a relatively large pressure for its appreciation , china 's sunni brothers will mainly use their own foreign exchange funds to make overseas investment .
in the current situation , we should treat the purchase of foreign exchange with caution .
( shangji )
china 's direct loss of 5.25 billion yuan in flood prevention and drought control
this reporter has learned from the national flood prevention and drought control headquarters : as of july , the total number of shock - stricken areas nationwide was 118 - million mu , of which 5.44 - million mu were affected . the total number of people affected by the disaster was 1.19 - million , 652 were killed in the disaster , and 45.5 - billion yuan was directly caused by the shaft .
the total area of farmland affected by drought is 140 - billion mu , and there are hot shock and hot flowers , which have been used to make the most of the hot spots , which have been affected by drought , has been overextended .
in july , the national general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control made an emergency plan to deal with the current grim situation of flood prevention and drought control .
it called on all provinces along the huai he and the liupanhe headquarters to strengthen their efforts in improving the ability of water to fight back and guard the water , and win a complete victory in flood prevention .
the national flood control headquarters , together with financial xiaoyan , and other departments have sent three work teams to dianming the first line of flood and to the heavily hit areas to direct flood prevention and drought control .
currently , the work of preventing floods and fixtures is being carried out in an intense and orderly manner . the three provinces of anhui , xiliu , anhui , anhui , jiangsu , are also leaking into the flood .
there is no danger of a big stream of sticks .
provinces including heilongjiang and jiangxi , have started to respond to drought contingency plans , and the anti - drought work is being carried out in an intense and orderly manner .
( reporter : zhao bingping )
chen shui - bian 's covert approval of the election of taiwan 's " judicial yuan " denied and asked him to explain it .
chen shui - bian [ chen shuibian ] on 30 july questioned the taiwan judicial personnel who tried to intervene in the election of leaders in the taiwan region .
the administrative college of taiwan 's xiangchu judicial yuan said on the same day that the current performance of the judges on the island is not in line with chen shui - bian 's remarks and that they also demand chen shui - bian 's explanation .
according to a report by taiwan 's " chuang " , chen shui - bian questioned judge + chang chun - chiu or investigators on 30 june , because of political or election considerations , and was involved in the incident and even attempted to influence the election campaign of various party candidates . he said he hoped that this phenomenon would not exist in taiwan , but it was very difficult .
in response to chen shui - bian 's question , yu yue - sheng , president of the department of justice , responded not to the call . fan kuang - chun , secretary general , also spoke on the issue of the judicial affairs of the han dynasty .
gao jinzhi said that the fundamental law and the rules of the judges on taiwan 's legal system both clearly and definitely declare that judges should go beyond the party and should not participate in party activities , nor should they help the election judges . judges are very cautious about relevant restraints , and judges are very cautious in their handling of the judicial affairs .
gao jinzhi pointed out that xiao shengxi , a native of kaohsiung 's xiaoyang city , was glad to attend the kadagan school course several years ago , that is , the disciplinary committee , which was formed by judges , was punished because the courses had the color of political parties .
zhang shengxi once wanted to participate in the democratic progressive party , and he also decided to give up his decision after holding office in contention .
gao jinzhi believed that if a case is tried in a particular case , then there will be a trial - level affair , and there will not be a victory in the judgment alone . he said that judges have political intentions .
germany to lower entry threshold for specialized talent
the staff headquarters of the pla , in berlin , 1 july ( reporter wang huaicheng )
german minister of education and scientific research schwab said a few days ago that germany should lower the restrictions on the introduction of foreign specialized personnel in " likud " and resolve the problem of professional talent facing germany through increasing the introduction of foreign talent .
according to oecd 's report , the number of labor force between 15 and 64 will decline year by year .
if there is no enough migration , then the labor force in germany will be 6 percent lower than the current level .
however , the federation of german employers and the german engineers association have reported that in germany 's labor market , engineers ' professional skills are quite popular .
according to data from the german federal labor bureau , in may this year , the supply of skilled workers in germany 's labor market was about 1270,000 , and the supply of some 9,600 people .
germany has set up a relatively high threshold for introducing foreign talent in order to protect its own employment .
the " suite law " of germany stipulates that the professional talent of non - eu countries are not less than 85,000 euros in germany , otherwise they cannot be allowed to work and stay in germany .
he suggested that this limit be lowered to the level of popular rifle euro .
not superstitious legal theories ,
the " law of lawyers " revised article 8 of the draft amendment recently submitted to the npc standing committee stipulates : those who have engaged in research on legal affairs , such as myong teaching , and who have a high level of expertise like thin rock and similar to others , who apply for a solicitor 's practising profession , are subject to the examination and approval of the judicial administrative department of the state council , and are allowed to be released to practise their profession .
( 28 june " china chu " )
the law has a theoretical clarity and a solid foundation for the study of marxist theory , and the former mainly includes legal teaching and research work , and so on . the latter is more specific behavior involving litigation , legal consultation , legal consultation , legal services , and legal services .
for a long time , the theoretical circles of law and the traditional affairs of the han dynasty have been loud and thin , and the theoretical circles of the lu yu yu - han believe that the real and contemporary chinese are lacking in necessary . only the true - style legalists of the law , and the truth - seeking and pragmatic people are criticizing the theoretical circles of the han dynasty , and the criticism of the theory is not the way to guide practice .
the law can do so by such differences in division of labor , by maintaining the fray , and by not supporting any party .
however , the implant clonion clumsy in the law of lawyers , however , objectively recognized that the theoretical circles of laws should be more than the law 's , the law 's , and the rule of law should be higher than the law 's actual and popular judgments .
in fact , some research on purely theoretical studies and teaching methods , such as the law of the legal system , have been closely linked with the practice of law , and with the practice of the theory .
this way , the legendary lawyers ' loosened into the confusion of qualifications in the legal profession , a bad guy that had an extremely bad influence .
the superstition in theoretical circles is not limited to these , such as expert xion and experts ' arguments that they will often influence or even veto court verdicts , and this is also the direct expression of this superstition .
encourage chinese - funded ships to fly with low altitude
this newspaper 's reporter , feng lei .
according to a briefing held by the state council , starting 1 july this year , china will implement a policy of registration of chinese - funded international shipping vessels , encourage chinese - funded ships with foreign flags to return to china to register , and obtain the prc 's lock and voyages .
and make greater contributions to promoting the healthy development of china 's maritime transportation industry and to strengthening china 's strength in light of the fact that a considerable number of ships engaged in international navigation in our country have registered and hung foreign flags , the ministry of communications recently issued a " public notice on implementing the policy of registration for chinese - funded international shipping vessels and special cases " . it has clearly defined the conditions and procedures for special implementation and application procedures . for ships that meet the requirements , the entry procedures will
the ship application can be selected from shanghai lixing and dalian to register as a ship - based port .
britain lowered the level of terrorist attack
the reporter from london , 5 july ( reporter guo lin )
the british government lowered the level of terrorist attack from the highest level to the most serious level , indicating that the terrorist attacks in britain will not occur soon , but the attack is still very likely to be like a thick .
at present , the british police have shifted the investigation scope to india and australia .
since all the eight suspects arrested were working in the medical system , the government will have a comprehensive emergency review of the background of the migrants who have entered the medical system .
it is reported that some of the people working in the british public health system are from overseas who have been admitted to the hospital .
the prime minister also called for conducting an investigation on the background of high - tech migration , and employers or relevant institutions will be asked to provide background information .
you do n't let business people get impatient
the diagrams of tourism and diagrams are the loose and clear - cut , and they enjoy the fruits of natural and social civilization to the greatest extent .
however , many people are suffering from such a worry , as they are being taken by traders and intermediary businesses .
whether it is cars or trains , the upper body of the cars will always be faced with the cruel fight between small traders and some non - licensed intermediaries .
it is not selling suite - like burning pakes , that is , selling newspapers and periodicals , and then introducing food without a license , and even using fake papers and frames to spread the food and drink , as well as the intermediary who does not have a license to introduce food and drink , or even to spread fake items .
if you do n't accept it , he can chase you several hundred meters , and it 's a big unsuccessful move .
many of them also feel the same in some scenery and onlight .
if you do n't get on the door , some people will come to travel on the fragrant fragrant fragrant fragrant fragrant and small hot items .
after entering the door , this situation will be more , and then the good yaxing was also exposed to mistrust .
some media reported that many foreign tourists to xian had an unending praise for the monuments in xian , but they were very much concerned about the fact that they allowed the many petty hawkers who had been restling their pockets to be sold .
these include the flashlight and brewing , which is the place that drives and cuts , and should be civilized , peaceful , and harmonious , and give a light - hearted environment .
the free cheers of the traders and the confused hearts of the people do not say that objectively they have undermined the public order of these people , forming pollution and environmental pollution . at the same time , they also provide some conditions and opportunities for them .
what is important is that these are window windows for the building of spiritual civilization in our region , and the panels are seen as if they are not only an issue of image , but also will have an impact on the local economic development .
just think , if you want to be a big and powerful tourism industry , you will use this kind of a mess tourism environment to welcome the guests from the south to the north . who will be willing to come and who will dare to come ?
how can your tourism economy obtain benefits ?
with the arrival of the peak tourist season , it will create a civilized tourist environment for tourists from the north of the tiannan prefecture . it should be said that the pressing task is to do so .
the operation of the small businesses and hawkers should be regulated and their unauthorized operations should be resolutely eliminated . illegal activities should be resolutely cracked down .
only in a civilized and orderly environment can we make a happy life and go all out to bring prosperity to our country .
a word , a lucky way , let traders get involved .
the spirit of proactively withdrawing from the support and rewarding the public
the dongcheng district in beijing used electric shots and other items as a measure to reward 12 households who voluntarily released their own insurance .
( beijing news , 10 july )
i am glad to see the improvement of the life of these families , but i am still lucky to give you an award on your own initiative , but i am very happy .
jiaojie , deputy director of the jiaojie district office , said : in view of such issues as cheating on low - income insurance and encouraging voluntary retirement , it is a model for other low - income households .
this model is to encourage other low - level insurers to extricate themselves from their predicament through their own efforts , and if they want to use this to influence those who have been deceptive to cheating on long - term low - level security , they are not naive .
in the work of differentiating and cleaning up low - income households , more of them are law - based .
relevant departments should strengthen the performance of the obligations of low - income households in enjoying low - income insurance : if they promptly notify the families and the changes in their income , report on employment conditions , and accept regular reexamination , the departments concerned should step up supervision and inspection .
after all , the long - term plan of withstanding the fray by law is a long - term plan .
the neighborhood has the responsibility to give them a green award , which is to be buried ?
as a primary government organization , the spending on the street is borne by the financial appropriation .
the money of a taxpayer should not be used .
on the one hand , those who quit low - income families prove that they have a certain amount of self - sufficient ability to save themselves , and on the other hand , do they still exist ?
the government 's financial appropriation , known as the relief money , should be given a disaster in the snow , not a brocade .
liu is willing to serve as a service provider .
on 10 july , the first village named " xiaojie " in liyang city , the first village in the public name , liu xianglan , in xindu district , accepted democracy for the fourth time since taking office , with a satisfaction rate reaching 97.7 percent .
during the dialogue between the reporters and liu tingyi , liu dianyi positioned himself as a young man .
( yesterday 's xinjing bao )
liu dianyi 's thonlips may be more than those appointed cadres who are on the alert , but they are more real and more pronounced than others .
the most significant portion of the public prejudice system in terms of appointment lies in the former being mainly decided by ordinary party members and masses of power , while the latter is mainly appointed by upper - level organizations , and the orientation of the sources of power determines that the former must give the people the first place in responsibility .
the source of power and the responsibility to whom they are responsible are the fundamental factors for determining how the elected person can carry out his work .
some people questioned such democratic loose and fragrant democratic like a hot game of democracy .
my view is that such a democratic and fragmentary form is better than that .
considering the history and current situation of the building of democracy at the grassroots level in china , i believe that direct elections are a major breakthrough , democracy is an important component of this kind , and it is not necessary to underestimate the promotion of the building of grass - roots democracy .
india is expected to choose its first female president analysts as the possibility of winning the election is relatively great , and female voters hope to raise their position .
on 23 june , in front of the presidential candidate 's document , pachi was a match of ten .
the curtain has begun on the indian presidential election on 19 july . the new president will hold a meeting with indian prime minister jean chavalit , who is currently vice president of india , and who has resigned not long ago .
pachi is the first female presidential candidate in indian history . if she is elected , she will become india 's first female president .
pachi is the presidential candidate of the ruling national congress party , while shevardat is from the opposition people 's party .
since the national congress party has an advantage in the presidential election , media and the people are likely to be elected one after another .
the 72 - year - old pachi is the female governor of jaephan state .
she 's a lawyers , a popular son , has rich experience in the parliament , and she was accorded a warm welcome by the government when she was the governor of lagajasone state .
she also worked for social welfare , which is the honorary chairman of many cultural and sports organizations .
analysts pointed out that the reason why paichairie became a candidate was that she had always been unwavering in sony gandhi , chairman of the indian national congress party .
in india , the gandhi family has long controlled the ruling national congress party .
" pane has received support from a large number of women , and the female voters believe that parachuting will play a role in india 's women who discriminate against the concept of women , and will enhance their status .
the constitution stipulates that india is a federal state , and the president is a state head and commander of a commonwealth , not representing any party organization , and more of it is a symbol .
( yan yingji )
the united states supports the palestinian government 's drive to expel extremists .
the staff headquarters of the pla , washington , july 22 ( reporter xu qisheng )
us president bush said on 21 july that the united states will fully support the pakistani government 's move of sending sunni and militants from areas at the border between pakistan and afghanistan .
bush said in his weekly weekly radio speech that according to the new us intelligence , al-qaeda had found a tibetan - frozen porcelain on a weekly basis in the border areas between pakistan and afghanistan .
he expressed his worry about this .
bush said that the united states will continue to support president pervez musharraf and believes that musharraf will persist in waging struggle with the militants of the al-qaida and sunni groups .
the " national intelligence assessment " report published by the united states recently pointed out that muslims ' armed organizations , especially those of qilong , are still threatening the united states .
mashariqov and leaders of some tribes in the northern region reached an agreement last september on preventing the influence of sunni forces and on members of the organization of qilun qilun qilun .
these tribes are not willing or are not capable of defending the security of the region .
in his speech delivered earlier on , bush said that musharraf is taking positive steps to correct this mistake .
the united states hopes that the dprk nuclear issue agreement will be fully implemented
the staff headquarters of the pla , washington , july 24 ( reporter xu qisheng )
us assistant secretary of state ' dprk nuclear issue chief representative hill said on 23 may that the six - party talks on the korean nuclear issue held last week were very important , and the meeting made real progress for the first time . however , this was only a small move to implement the agreement .
the united states is very much hoping to reach a consensus on the " september 19 joint statement " and the " february 13 joint document " on resolving the dprk nuclear issue .
" we have no reason to resolve the nuclear issue on the korean peninsula , " he said at a press conference .
he hoped that all parties concerned will fully fulfill the consensus reached by the six - party talks on the dprk nuclear issue within one year .
hill also said that while holding talks on security and energy , the working groups of the united states , the dprk , and japan and the dprk will discuss issues that need to be resolved in the bilateral relations between the united states and dprk .
climate change leads to a rapid reduction of the alien glacier
this newspaper 's july 1 st from geneva ( reporter liu jun )
swiss ice - chilling experts have discovered that the scores of scores from 1850 to 70 , and the swiss liquid ice are shrinking at an average of 3 percent a year .
the only lip ' lips that breathe the the ice of alps 1.8 percent .
experts believe that by the year 210,000 , if the global temperature rises , the glacier will be lower than current warmer , and the growth of five ice - covered rivers will all be melted .
arlyonchet is the longest ice in europe , and is listed as the world 's natural heritage list of the un organization , but it has reduced 100 meters in one year from 2006 , and protection has already reached the stage of curing .
the arlynch glacier , which is 23 kilometers long , is a picture of the earth .
photo taken by liu jun .
various beijing olympic games ' individual pleasing groups proposed : being civilized consumers
beijing , 30 july ( jiefangjun bao ) --
the reporter liang jie learned from the china consumer association that the 29 th olympic games will be held on 8 august , the first anniversary of the overtapping . beijing consumers association , consumer association in beijing municipality , and consumer association in beijing municipality , shanghai municipality , the consumer rights protection committee , consumers ' rights and interests protection committee , consumers ' association , and the consumer council in hong kong , in the name of six city and one district consumer rights protection organization , have proposed to consumers in the name of
the proposal proposed : from my perspective , i should strengthen the sense of humanistic olympic games , learn the knowledge of protocol , enhance the quality of life , practice civilization , follow social strings , and be a good - informed and civilized consumer .
enhance our awareness of the green olympics , protect the ecological environment , treasure our hearts , actively promote sustainable consumption , and become a consumer who advocates green consumption ;
establish the awareness of being diligent and frugal , change the concept of consumption , be blindly competitive , oppose extravagance and waste , and become rational consumers with a sense of scientific consumption ;
we should enhance the sense of consumer rights , take the initiative to participate in social supervision , consciously respect and safeguard intellectual property rights , correctly understand rights and obligations , and be consumers who act reasonably in accordance with the law ;
advocate the spirit of being a flower and a positive participation consciousness , propagate the olympic concept , and become a disseminator of the olympic spirit .
hong kong 's life as a " police " was celebrating its 10 th anniversary
on 1 july , the shijie shijie police of the jinghai temple in nanjing was again sounded and melon .
this thick historical echo has been used by television stations to spread the gospel on the mainland and hong kong and between the people of nanjing and hong kong , with the compatriots of hong kong , together with them , to celebrate the 10 th anniversary of hong kong 's return to the motherland .
ten years ago , on july 1 , the air of the tianjing shiji watdian in nanjing 's jinghai temple rung up 155 alarm bells , which was an insulation to the history of the relief of hong kong island .
not a big fantasy , people from all walks of life in nanjing gathered together , saying that they would try to use their own stroll to make the alarm bell louder , and to forever warn themselves and never forget history .
the alarm bell is 1.842 meters , and it was in the midst of an outbreak of the " nanjing treaty " in 1842 .
the clock is 1.997 metres tall and the fragrant fragrant is the sunflower of hong kong 's return .
the case of the planning and casting of the police bell wang fengling explained that the five pieces of sunyin , which were used in the chinese characters , were used in high floating scales , two dragon passes , and fire balloons , symbolizing that hong kong is the motherland 's oriental pearl , and finally , with the flower of nanjing city as the motto of the scum bloom as the pest of the scum of the scum
the first democratic party member yu youdong , who proposed to build the police bell , said with deep feeling that hong kong 's return to china was 10 years old , and he hoped that hong kong would have a bright future like that of hong kong tomorrow , as if it was a bright and unadorned one .
( end ) ( end ) zhu xiaoying and liu yang
the russian security bureau charged that the " conspiracy of the oligarchs " by the exiled head of the exile duke was launched .
the russian lawyer in exile in london , bertoloconsky , announced on 2 july that the russian federal security bureau had formally put forward a new charge against his litigants , accusing him of plotting the state and attempting to use force to seize the russian regime .
berlin bokov pointed out : in april this year , berezovski announced in an interview with a british newspaper " guardian " that he was preparing to launch a emperor in russia , and confirmed that he was providing financial support to the right - wing elite representatives who opposed the authorities ' policies .
the russian federal security bureau 's reconnaissance bureau immediately followed the verdict of article 278 of the " russian federation criminal law " on the abuse of power by criticizing other countries ' criminal cases . recently , it formally filed a related charge to the moscow saavilion court .
it is reported that in february 2006 , the russian federation procuratorate put forward a criminal case against him , and it was also based on the fact that the exiled oligarchs confirmed in an interview that they attempted to seize the russian regime by force .
because of byrd 's extradition , russia was unable to extradite , and in january 2007 , russia suspended the investigation of the case .
the moscow saviyah court began hearing another criminal case on 2 july . the russian general procuratorate charged berezovski for a whaling of 214 - million rubles funds for the russian airline company , and for laundering 16 - million rubles . the court decided to postpone the investigation of the case to this court on 12 july . the case will be taken as defense lawyers for the accused state .
but the new government has not yet been able to do so .
( bi yuan )
guangxi 's leading posts under supervision over administrative efficiency : 619 people are held accountable
since the beginning of this year , all localities and departments in guangxi have launched activities to change cadres ' work style and strengthen the building of administrative efficiency in organs . they have implemented the " three systems " of accountability and accountability , and 33 key departments directly under the direct supervision of examination and approval of approval have been incorporated into the administrative efficiency supervision network .
so far , 619 people have been punished .
this reporter learned from the discipline inspection commission of xizang autonomous region on 5 july that at present , guangxi has initially formed an administrative efficiency supervision network for chaoxian county in the autonomous region . it has strengthened supervision over key posts in which responsibility is shared by the departments concerned . the electronic supervision system of 14 cities has all been linked up with the autonomous region .
the regional administrative efficacy electronic monitoring system directly connects 33 key departments directly under the regional authorities that directly examine and approve investment environments and the people 's production and livelihood , further regularizes the examination and approval behavior , and improves the efficiency of examination and approval .
meanwhile , discipline inspection and supervision organs at all levels in guangxi have seriously investigated and dealt with cases involving work style and efficiency that harm the interests of the masses . as of now , they have investigated and verified 160 cases , and concluded 769 cases , and held accountable 619 individuals in 584 units .
ma yu , member of the standing committee of the party committee of the liuyu party committee , said on 5 july that supervision of administrative efficiency is a work that has always been accompanied by administrative activities , and it is necessary to gradually form a long - term mechanism .
guangxi should further improve and standardize various kinds of administrative management , establish and improve the work mechanism and safeguard mechanism for supervising administrative efficiency , and bring efficiency supervision into line with the system of regular infantry . it should further standardize the procedures for supervision and inspection , improve the mechanism for handling complaints and evaluating achievements , step up the intensity of investigating and affixing responsibility , and implement the system of ensuring responsibility for first - time and on time settlement .
( by reporter wang lifang )
nato does not rule out the possibility of cooperating with the united states on the abm system
nato press officer simona de manzo said in an exclusive interview with xinhua reporters on 9 may that it is not ruled out the possibility of linking the us anti - missile system with nato 's self - defense system .
simona de demantono said that nato is currently studying the us anti - missile program , hoping that the us anti - missile base will cover all european allies .
she said that nato has its own tmd system and has started discussing the establishment of a strategic missile defense system , linking the us anti - missile system with nato 's own defense system .
she also said that the issue of the united states establishing an anti - missile system in europe will promptly exchange information with russia through various channels .
chinese vice - premier and foreign minister qian qichen met here today with a delegation from the republic of korea ( rok ) .
two jordanian people sentenced for plotting attack on the united states
two jordanian men were arrested by jordan 's national security court on 11 april for plotting an attack on the united states .
the two men , a 25 - year - old man , were sentenced to eight years ' imprisonment plus a compulsory labor service , while another was sunny , jolie al-hatha , and three years ' imprisonment plus a mandatory labor service .
the court source said that ho - ri was also charged with illegal possession of explosives and the police found a submachine gun during a raid on his body .
the court originally decided to give him life imprisonment for a man in the hospital , and then considered giving him an opportunity to change his old fragrant life , and cut his body for eight years .
the indictment said that the two defendants decided to give the americans the bullying and humiliating muslims after the outbreak of the iraq war , and then planned to attack the american people living in jordan .
in august 2006 , they took on a american living in ancholan , capital of jordan , but they were arrested before the attack .
the indictment did not disclose the identity of the american .
the indictment also accused the two defendants of planning to attack other americans , but did not reveal any specific details .
( reporter su xiaopo )
the number of reports that have triggered adverse reactions from the chinese medicine council has increased by a large margin .
according to a report by the us media on 15 march , the number of adverse reactions such as heart disease caused by anti - diabetes therapy has recently shown a dramatic increase in the united states .
the us food and drug administration issued a security warning in may this year , suggesting that diabetes patients should be treated with good reason because scientists published a research report in the first issue of " xin yan " magazine on 21 may , saying that this popular drug would greatly increase the incidence and incidence of heart disease among the patients .
wen diyi 's elegant legs have received close attention from doctors and patients .
statistics show that , in about one month after the issue of safety warnings , the us drug administration received 357 examples of adverse reactions , of which 38 were fatalities .
in january and february this year , the bureau received only 50 and 73 bad reaction reports .
these bad responses were light to water bubbles , with the emphasis on sudden death of heart disease .
however , the drug experts of the us drug administration said that they are still too early to reach the insecure conclusion of wendiya .
the board will hold a hearing on wendi 's yan kun on 30 july .
the 1999 string of culinary dialla is a kind of pancreas that can be used to treat diabetes .
there are about 6 million diabetes patients in the world who have taken or are taking chinese diagnosis .
the famous british firm , clarion gelonestrom , has always believed that wen dialla is safe and that he is more likely to be a victim than a rifle .
us attempt to resume middle east peace talks
us president bush delivered a speech in washington on 16 june , calling for an international conference on the palestine - israel issue to be held this fall and inviting israel 's qidong region and some other neighboring arab countries and countries concerned to join in the reopening of the middle east peace process .
on 17 july , bush also called egyptian president hosni mubarak 's second king of jordan 's second shiite and saudi king , asking them to actively respond to the initiative and support abbas , chairman of the palestinian national authority , with actual deeds , to help palestine and israel resume peace talks at an early date .
abbas says central committee of the palestinian liberation organization to discuss early elections
abbas , chairman of the palestinian national authority , said in ramallah on 18 april that the two - day meeting of the central committee of the palestinian liberation organization ( plo ) opened on the same day . the meeting will discuss issues such as the holding of an earlier election of the palestinian national authority and the election of the legislative council .
abbas met with the eu 's foreign and security affairs high representative in ramallah 's residence on the same day and said at a joint press conference held later that if the central committee of the palestinian liberation organization ( plo ) makes relevant decisions , the president will release legitimate and effective orders , and such orders will be soon promulgated .
at the same time , abbas expressed satisfaction with the relations between the palestinian national authority and the eu .
he said : the palestinian side welcomes the eu 's understanding of the measures taken by the palestinian president .
abbas urged the european union to continue providing humanitarian aid to the palestinian people in gaza .
he reiterated eu 's support for abbas and the palestinian people .
he said that the issues related to the middle east issue ( the united nations ' european union and russia ) will convene a meeting on 19 july to discuss the issue of reopening the middle east peace process , and that the following few days may be proposed .
he said that the eu has a positive attitude toward the deployment of international forces in gaza , but it needs to discuss with other parties , especially with the united nations .
( reporters wang ji )
jiangxi will present awards to health professionals in the rural areas for 30 years
for a long time , a large number of professional and technical personnel in the public health sector have devoted themselves to the health of the grass - roots public health undertakings and the health of the peasants and the masses .
jiangxi province recently decided to issue a conferrous health care worker for 30 years in rural areas , offering a 30 - year honorary award for rural health work .
according to the jiangxi provincial health department , the number of medical personnel working in the township and town health clinics held by the government is high . there are professional and technical personnel of health who have received tertiary education and above elementary and high school education and who have specialized knowledge on health at the primary level . those who have worked for 30 years in the field of public health who have worked in the shaochu township and the massacheng village of the township and town health department or who have been in
the final calculation time for the first batch of verified units is at the end of july .
in addition to giving awards to rural health professionals who meet the requirements for 30 years in rural public health work , jiangxi province will also present such awards as priority treatment and appropriate preferential treatment in the selection of test results and evaluation of sunlight .
the high level professional examination is a standard line , with the focus on actual work , the conditions for scientific research and theses appropriately relaxed , and the qualifications for examination and approval should be given priority .
the jiangxi provincial health department will arrange for some quotas to leave the area each year and grant certain funding .
beginning this year , jiangxi province will launch a three - year award for outstanding achievements in rural public health work , which will last for 30 years .
( reporter li mejujuan )
us defense department reconsidered reduction of us forces in europe
a us defense department official said on 23 march that due to changes in the iraq war and the world situation , the us defense department is now reconsidering a plan to reduce the number of us troops stationed in europe .
the us media quoted a defense department official as saying that since the iraq war is still going on and the us - russian and iran relations are worsening , the ministry of national defense is questioning the feasibility of reducing the european military deployment plan .
chi - chih , who was then defense secretary rumsfeld , announced that the united states will reduce the number of troops stationed in europe from the original 11 cream to the seven , with a view to building a new - type army with less - than - expected and less - key .
at present , the total us forces stationed in europe have fallen to become popular .
however , in june this year , us forces commander jorge dominger submitted a report to the current defense minister , asking questions about the above - mentioned plan .
the report said that while the us forces stationed in europe were reducing their troops , many of them were transferred to iraq and afghanistan in turn , making the personnel stationed in europe short and unable to carry out normal cooperation with the european allies .
the report proposes to stop reducing us military plans in europe .
relevant us experts believe that the above phenomena show that the iraq war has been dragging on for a long time and the original plan for adjustment of the us military has been disrupted .
the chinese government has decided to set up a national defense education center in beijing , the capital of east china 's liaoning province , according to the ministry of foreign affairs .
shandong 's jiuzhou city launched a campaign to send transportation safety films to communities to promote safe production of migrant workers .
qingdao , july 26 ( reporter song xuechun and fan zhongliang )
in order to further deepen the urban civilization and enhance the awareness of the rule of law and the awareness of traffic safety in the vast number of residents , and to enhance their awareness of observing the law , the city 's luchu city people square was happy with the warm welcome of the three men on the square of qiaozhou city .
before the film was started , the group army printed the " sunlight protection of life -- a letter to the people " and some publicity materials to the public , and broadcast the " warnings on life for women " and the " road " special films .
the film has touched people with admiration and admiration , and the scenes of a variety of cuts have played a very great warning role .
in particular , the special topic film " on the road of school " has been used in the form of a clay so that you can understand and love , and have received profound education .
the movie attracted more than 3,000 residents around the square to watch , especially some young people and migrant workers from zhenzhou who came to the scene , all sat with great delight at the center of the venue .
the film , which was sent to the community for the safe use of transportation , was launched at the site , enabling the public to enjoy the film while cooling the film and receive profound education on traffic safety , which has been warmly welcomed by the residents , especially the new citizens .
health supervision will be gradually implemented in the country 's food industry
to better implement the " food hygiene law " and the state council 's " decision on further strengthening food safety , " the ministry of health has separately held a meeting in beijing 's haidian district , liyang city in jiangsu 's taizhou city , zhejiang hangzhou city , henan province , luoyang city in henan province , hubei province , hubei province , hainan province , hainan province , three model cities , three brothers , three provinces and one other provinces in fujian .
this system will gradually become popular throughout the country .
the public announcement system for supervision of food and beverages is a system for the management of health permit for food and drink units , the health management system , and the health management system of laborers . health care workers are the common food and food hygiene and the main sources of the main raw material purchasing certificate , and so on .
according to the briefing , the public display will be used in the unified methods and methods stipulated by the ministry of health , including the on - site inspection of nine health conditions , the results of the on - site health supervision , the names of the regulators and the hotline of complaints from customers , and the clear location of the door and room of the unit under inspection , or the customer 's unit , so as to understand the apparent health conditions of the customers .
( by reporter hu qifeng )
unsc decides to extend peacekeeping operations in ethiopia
the un security council unanimously adopted a resolution on 30 june to agree to link the un peacekeeping forces in kuicha and eritrea with the term of office of six months to january next year .
the resolution urged all parties concerned to fulfill their commitments , exercise restraint , ease the tense situation , avoid unctuous military activities , and urge erita to immediately pull its troops and frigate military equipment out of the provisional security zone , and call on syria to reduce the number of additional military troops deployed in the nearby area .
the resolution demanded that israel immediately take concrete steps to ensure that the eritrea border committee could promptly sign its border without any circumstances , and called on eritrea to no longer delay the border with undiluting and not to remove any restrictions on the operation and operation of eeeertho .
the resolution reiterated its full support for the work of the ecuadorian border committee and expressed welcome to the committee 's decision to hold a meeting with eritrea in new york on september 6 .
in 1998 , the border conflicts broke out between erlixun and qilong , killing many people .
in june 2000 , ethiopia and eritrea signed a cease - fire agreement in algeria 's capital algiers .
the united nations began deploying peacekeeping forces in the ethiopian - eritrea border in july 2001 to monitor the implementation of the cease - fire agreement between the two countries .
( reporters wu xiangjiang , wang xiangjiang )
chinese national county level champion competition opens
chengdu , june 30 ( jiefangjun bao )
xing chaogui reported : to implement the spirit of the party central committee 's directive on building a harmonious socialist society , to coordinate with the building of socialist new countryside , to coordinate with the development of the entire people and the olympic colleagues , to enrich the cultural and sports lives of the masses , and to welcome the advanced deeds of the chinese people in beijing and chengdu , the two cities of the olympic games have opened their battle scenes in chengdu on 30 june .
the six - day race attracted 10 county - level men from all over the country to participate in the competition .
according to the regulations , athletes taking part in this competition must be held by a player who is above the age of 18 .
the chinese government has set up a special group for the chinese national sports association to participate in the competition .
the competition was the latest " rules " approved by the chinese thermal association , which are divided into two stages of the preliminary and final .
the competition was jointly sponsored by the national sports general bureau of china , china association of women 's souls , and china international sports travel company .
in recent years , the cultural and sports undertakings in shuangjie county , which has a history of life , have developed rapidly . shuanghui county has successively won the national sporting advanced county of china 's sports , xiqu county , xizhan county , xizhan county , xizhan county , and the advanced sports units of the people throughout the country .
in the construction of new rural areas , the counties of huanming county have vigorously carried out the peasant 's sports project , and have integrated the building of sports facilities with the rural areas ' beautiful flowers and brightfulness . they have built sports arenas in rural areas , allowed the sports service system to cover the rural areas . they have actively popularized and developed sports , sports , and sports activities , and improved the quality of peasants in localities with their unique features .
three functions of modern military uniforms
first , the function of identification .
different militaries of different countries and armed forces are different in terms of military strength and the people .
in the military forces of more than 100 countries , big or small , the military uniforms are basically the same , but no military uniforms of any two countries are completely the same .
second , symbolic functions .
to a certain extent , military uniforms are a reflection of the spirit of a country and the characteristics of a nation , and are also a concentrated embodiment of the combat capability of the troops of a country .
in the three big military uniforms of ' dressing and training , ' the most capable of fully demonstrating the unique style of the military , the military , and the sunlight , the most beautiful souvenir .
third , protective functions .
with the rapid development of new and high - tech weapons and equipment , the comprehensive protection function of new - type operational uniforms has enabled the military uniforms to have anti - bullet and anti - chemical warfare , and guard against radiation , and to increase the various functions of wen ding and moist and moisture , and so on , and have become the most important issue in the development of military uniforms .
( shi wei )
the party committee organs of a certain brigade held a resolute attitude in handling problems of courage and courage
chengdu , 3 jul ( jiefangjun bao ) -- chengdu , 3 july ( jiefangjun bao ) --
qu xilui yang yu reported : we can live on the shaft , benefiting from the determination and determination of the party committee office of the brigade 's party committee to clear away the house .
today , more than ten members of a communications training brigade of the chengdu military region were happy to see the scene of a scene of prosperity . they were very happy about the outstanding members of the party committee of the great team who solved problems with their courage and indomitable style of being brave to tackle tough problems , and were filled with respect and admiration .
several years ago , with the personnel contacts , some of the houses of the unit 's home were unlawfully occupied , making it difficult for the cadres and soldiers to have housing and to have a greater opinion on this .
the brigade also cleared several housing rooms , and all of them could not get closed due to various obstacles , making this problem a big problem .
as long as you dare to be on the same side , you will not be able to solve difficult problems .
after the new party committee leadership reached a consensus , the main leaders personally started to thoroughly clear away all the problems of unauthorized occupation of houses .
on the one hand they have moved on the flesh and blood , and hope that the personnel concerned , on the other hand , on the other hand , on the part of the personnel concerned , on the one hand stress the relevant policy regulations of the army 's liuxiang village fund - raising unit applicable to the economy , and this shows the party committee 's firm determination and principled stand .
for those who are living in other places , who are either weak housing or are unwilling to withdraw their unsold housing , party committees and institutions have contacted their units in a timely manner and have taken corresponding measures to urge them to take the initiative to cooperate with the work of the units .
after two months of painstaking work , all households in the village who illegally and overtook the housing area were moved out on schedule , and the cadres in the brigade were assigned to the housing according to the regulations .
the party committee of the brigade dared to be tough with the truth , but also produced a peril effect . the original several cadres who were unwilling to actively cooperate with organizational distribution have also expressed their willingness to obey the decision of the organization .
chinese npc chairman meets bangladesh air force chief
beijing , 9 july ( jiefangjun bao ) --
zhang shun , member of the central military commission and commander of the air force , met with ioqiman khan , chief of staff of the bangladesh air force , and his party in beijing today .
qiao qingchen said : since the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and bangladesh , relations between the two countries have been developing smoothly , high - level exchanges have been frequent , and friendly exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been constantly strengthened .
both countries have made great contributions to the development of bilateral relations , and have supported each other with close cooperation , regardless of international affairs or in the construction of their respective countries .
the chinese side appreciates and thanks bangladesh for its support to china on issues such as taiwan 's human rights and tibet .
qiao qingchen said that the chinese army cherishes the friendly relations with the bangladesh army and hopes to further expand the scope and level of friendly cooperation between the two armed forces and strengthen friendly exchanges and cooperation between the two air forces with joint efforts , to raise the friendly and cooperative relations already established between the two armed forces to a new level .
he said that bangladesh will make contributions to the further development of friendly exchanges and cooperation between the two armed forces , especially the two air forces .
he reiterated that the bangladesh government will , as always , adhere to the one - china policy .
before the meeting , qiao qingchen held a welcoming ceremony for qiaoo .
qi arrived in beijing on 8 july for an official goodwill visit to china at qiao qingchen 's invitation .
the ' 07 military uniforms designer ' is a guest of the chinese military .
on 13 july , the reporters of yang baojin and liu xinxin reported that the entire army will soon replace the 07 - style uniforms beginning 1 august .
this evening , the china military network specially invited chen jun , deputy director of the armament department of the chinese military , who was under the command of the ministry of military material , and su yang , a senior engineer of the seventh type of military uniform , to be a guest of the chinese military net , to the background of the birth of new military uniforms with netizens both inside and outside the military , and to the process of research and development .
the two guests are the direct tiger of the seventh military uniform design .
speaking of changes in new uniforms , they said that the 07 style uniforms are specially designed in the name of yang yang yang , especially the 97 type of uniforms , and the series of fragrant and frigid methods in military uniforms and seven other aspects , totaling several hundred items .
the most important characteristic of the seventh type of uniforms is that it reflects the requirements of the need to make the frozen function of our army , so that military uniforms will reach for the first time the standard of coordination of the three armed services and the three armed services and coordination of the varieties of sunlight and frigates , and this marks a historic leap in the level of building our army uniforms .
the two guests also exchanged views on the new military uniforms such as the flashlight , the sunflower , the sunflower , and other issues with the netizens .
this time , the scene was jointly written by the china military net and china net , china 's internet service , xinyang yu internet , and liyang yu .
jingjiang city 's people 's armed forces platform to improve the quality of specialized cadres
cao jiaquan reporting from zhu chunbin : on 18 june , a group of military cadres from jingjiang city , jiangsu province , who were attending the ceremony , was given a lecture by lu yuqing , armed forces minister of xilai town , on " fighting a psychological warfare under informatized conditions , " which was unanimously favored by the participating cadets .
this is the most important reason why the ministry of personnel and armed forces has effectively pressed and pressed cadres at specialized arms in light of their actual conditions in their posts and has striven to improve the comprehensive quality of the cadres of specialized arms .
early this year , when conducting investigations and studies at the grassroots level , the party committee of the ministry of people 's armed forces found that some cadres with special military skills had been appointed chief and were not promoted to positions , and that they had not focused their main energy on the work of armed forces .
for this reason , they adopted the method of centralized training to rely on training in local party schools and other methods , regularly training specialized military cadres , and focusing on resolving the problems of having a narrow range of knowledge and having a single professional quality .
in light of the central work , we should boldly send cadres with special arms to them , and should train them on duty to improve their ability to work in posts .
at the same time , they actively coordinated with local organization departments and jointly formulated the " plan for the appointment of specialized military cadres for appointment , " explicitly stipulating that the armed forces minister must enter the leading body of the party committee and stop sending others to other posts .
a mechanism for adjustment and exchange of cadres with specialized arms has been established for the cadres who are too old and who are not in line with the work of arming the grass - roots level to promptly adjust and exchange and to promote and use the cadres who are highly competent in comprehensive quality and ability .
chen yisong , director of the armed forces department of the new century chuanji armed company , led the militia technical unit to innovate and develop underwater ship technology , filled domestic hails , and was upgraded to the head of the armed forces department of the company .
good will be the last to be good .
the results of the match alone are reasonable , and also the ones that can be accepted by others . the key is the process of competition , so many regrets .
if iran leads the iranian team by 2 - 0 and then the rifle is the same for china , then it will definitely be different , and it will be very long - standing morale , which is the opposite of the situation .
benevolence cannot end well , and it can be said that it is a kind of old problem .
my life is often not playing a ball under the condition of the current situation , and the view of ordinary people is that china 's psychological quality is not perfect .
this is indeed a reason why we cannot be as good as a weak one .
however , judging from today 's competition , it seems that it is not perfect .
sun jinhai 's xiang sun jiaxiang and zheng jiao 's dianchi and others played the ball in europe , but li wei - feng and others were also old men of the sand field . they could see how broad they had seen , and said , based on reason , that psychological quality would not have any problem .
this was forced by iran 's team , and the reason is that the group was ready to move to the scene and send troops to the scene .
iran 's team , under backward conditions , changed two people and immediately got their chances .
three men were also replaced in the second half of the ball , but the effect was not good .
to overcome the problems that can not be properly handled , we must accurately find the root cause of problems .
if problems are accurately identified and the methods for removing the problems are probably not difficult to find .
they are afraid of going to the hospital in a hurry .
if this goes on , then the fray will be a match for more , and the old problems will be invaded , and it will not be possible to talk about a further match that everyone is looking forward to .
the ministry of public security awarded the guangdong border defense corps hospital a second - class collective honor .
shenzhen , 18 jul ( jiefangjun bao ) -- shenzhen .
li guolixi reporting : for many years , the guangdong border defense corps hospital has exerted its utmost to help the people in difficulty while providing medical support to the troops .
this morning , the ministry of public security gave the guangdong border defense hospital a report meeting on the outstanding deeds of the second liangxiang qinxun meeting and the supporting of the government and cherishing the people to the public .
the guangdong border defense corps hospital has built a harmonious society as a result , and has successively set up three special organs for the management of the price hospitals for migrant workers , and the number of foreign migrant workers ' attendance and attendance at the pingtan hospital in shenzhen . the expenses for the medical service and the medical service personnel from outside the border are only one yuan , and the expenses for inspection and operation can be reduced by eight percent .
the hospital has specially equipped a thermal service vehicle , free access to the patient 's diagnosis , and introduced a health service card for migrant workers . the only one month is seven yuan per month , and the only one needs seven yuan for basic medical examination and guarantee .
this measure has benefited more than 12,000 peasants .
from the beginning , the hospital also launched a large - scale drilling of fixing , and organized eight large diagnosis medical personnel from the field of eye science and medical personnel from the xizang xizang , xiangyan , yunnan , xiangxi , yunnan , and qinghai to send out some 3,000 cases of sunlight and sound and free operation , making the patients feel bright .
the armed police force changed its 07 - year - old clothes on august 1 .
beijing , 19 jul ( jiefangjun bao ) -- liu zhifeng , reporter zhang jianjun , reported : the armed police force will be exchanging 07 - style clothes one after another starting 1 august .
today , this reporter learned from the armed police force 's 2007 dressing - out ceremony and on the brown unit that the seven - style uniforms that were being loaded , and the common liver of the people , are now in their present daily neck , and are used as ordinary , hot , and hot - air models .
the gap is readjusted from the olive green green of the current to the deep - olive , green , sleepy , and trousers , both with curly belts and fragrant frames , and with the national costume standard on the number of designs .
female officers and men are equipped with their own flashy cap , their frames are replaced by their old clothes , and their life is changed from the conventional - style , froze - brewing structure , and the long - autumn sunlight - style sutras .
the newly added name bronze class , the national defense service badge and ribbon , and the re - designed label , the fragrant fragrant fragrant , the fragrant fragrant fragrant fragrant fragrant fragrant fragrant fragrant fragrant strings and armband , enhanced the garments ' identification function and enhanced the beauty .
the armed police force 's 07 - style clothes will be replaced for three years .
before august 1 , 2007 , he joined the whole army in the same breath as a veteran cadre and a national flag team , lu xianxiang , a cultural worker regiment of the lu xun , and yang liuxiang , a leading group of the chinese people 's liberation army , and a group of outstanding young cadres and soldiers of the pla troops stationed in beijing .
he replaced his young men with a model of " the sun " and " the sun " in the spring and autumn , and the other soldiers in the unit .
the ' red army ' in october was replaced with a ' hot - air ' dress .
in december 2009 , the new permanent uniforms for the soldiers were replaced .
the training was gradually replaced with the ' one - time ' campaign .
a certain base of the second artillery has begun to develop small , scattered , and direct education coordination zones .
this newspaper 's reporter xue bingjian and xu qing reporting : the educational organization of small , remote , and directly subordinate units , xiaoyuan , and directly under the direct command of the xiaoyuan , has little resources to fight on its own , and will become a historical event at a certain base of the second artillery corps .
this reporter recently learned that after six months of trial - point work , the base has issued " implementation measures for implementing the ' program for ideological and political education ' " to cover several ideological and political education coordination zones of all small , scattered , and directly subordinate units of the base .
to effectively implement the " outline for ideological and political education , " the base organized forces at the beginning of the year to conduct in - depth investigation and study on the current situation of ideological and political education in small , scattered , remote , and directly administered units . the base has initially formed a new educational model in the small , scattered , and directly directly administered units .
the specific method of the cooperative zone is to break the line of organizational establishment and designate a unit at the brigade level and regiment level in the small , remote , and directly under the jurisdiction of a unit designated by a brigade or regiment to conduct unified planning for the theme education . units under different subordinate to the group are nearly discussing the same topic or using the remote - range system .
adopting methods of combining promotion with competition for posts , we should make unified deployment of educational forces , use the hardware of education in docks , share the experience of education on data and data of various units , and organize regular reports on typical cases in the area to exchange experience and study .
each cooperation zone has set up a system for teaching the fragrant and the deputy education to the satisfaction of the students .
on this basis , various coordination areas have also established a system of emergency ideological information and assessment system for difficult problems , with common efforts to help students solve problems , and for common efforts to seek help .
zhang shengmin , director of the base 's political department , told this reporter that the establishment of a political education coordination zone not only reduced the waste of educational resources but also deepened the educational effect .
some political fearful are fearful of the loss in front of officers and men of foreign units and take the initiative to study new knowledge and new methods of education .
the officers and men who received education also actively carried out education , fearing that they would talk nonsense in the face of officers and men of their neighboring units when discussing and analyzing the problems .
such a kind of sunlight , thawful , and popular feeling have been effectively stimulated .
the number of yu xun from a certain armored regiment of the north sea fleet was all divided into the number of soldiers .
this newspaper , zhang junhong and liu hongjun reported : on 17 july , at a meeting of the 31 st officers and men of the brigade who had long worked in the front line , under the leadership of zhang weiliang , deputy chief engineer of a certain north sea fleet group , happily set foot on the beidaihe train .
luo xiangming , a sergeant at the sixth grade , happily told me : leaders of the brigade care for the soldiers and let us feel deeply moved . after we come back , we will certainly work hard to make a living .
they organized soldiers to do so , and this was the first time in this brigade .
not long ago , yao qingsheng went deep into the grassroots to see that some soldiers responsible for performing their armament and maintenance work were braving the fire , and this made yao qingsheng deeply moved .
the party committee should care for and care for the soldiers and be responsible for the health of the soldiers .
after studying the matter , the party committee decided to divide all the units ' quota assigned to the brigade 's units into the soldiers on the frontline .
the work of a unit of the jinan military region was open to the public and the hot weather was not hot .
this newspaper
wang weiqin special xiang reporting : on 25 july , this writer saw from a unit of the jinan military region that a piece of paper written by the army engineering project bidding and bidding for the project , financial expenditure , and promotion of cadres to be promoted to the party as noncommissioned officers , and other important matters , was hanged in the window of the show .
according to su chengsen , political commissar of the brigade , this is a concrete measure taken by the department to promote the system of open handling affairs .
chi jialiu , the party committee of this unit , in order to strengthen the building of a sound party style and a clean administration , drew up the " public notices on sensitive issues concerning two - way supervision by the grass - roots units " and called on all units to listen to opinions of the officers and men at the grass - roots level . after hearing the opinions of the officers and men , they made decisions again and again . they also made decisions according to their actual conditions , they would publicize
the unit set up a ' liangjie ' column , opened up the brewing on the bottle , and extensively collected opinions and suggestions from everyone .
early this year , before the renovation and transformation of the soldiers ' dormitory building started , the party committee organs extensively solicited the opinions of officers and men and then released the tender information and implemented open bidding .
this has not only saved the funds but has also won the support of the officers and men .
the practice of making administrative affairs transparent and impartial has given rise to a fine atmosphere in the grass - roots level .
in this unit , the grassroots companies , whether they are determined to be a hot - spot and sensitive matter , or the daily expenses of the individual on their own litigation expenses , all persist in making public regular public announcements and consciously accept supervision by the masses .
( international ) research shows that shillers and two genetic fires
london , july 2 ( xinhua ) icelandic scientists found that the risk of shock from two genetic plants was far higher than ordinary people .
according to the latest issue of " nature " magazine , iceland 's research personnel from the diagnostic coding company in genetic research conducted a screening of genes from liverpool , liverpool , sweden , and several thousand people from hong kong , china , and obtained the above discovery .
the genetic and heart effects of these two genetic factors discovered by scientists are similar to those of the early stage .
the mustle of the mill was a most dimmatic heart - felt , which led to a sudden breathing of the heart and a sudden onset of sunlight and a pawn .
according to another report published in the " natural hereditary " magazine , researchers from the fuji infantry company , which carried the first issue of the " natural genetic legology " , found two genetic genes related to the prelude to the prelude to the genetic cancer on the human chromosome no. 17 , and they played a certain role in more than one third of the preythythythyroast cancer
the study also found that one of the genes was also reduced while increasing the risk of human beings with lethal cancer , and also lowered the risk of infestation .
( sports ) after the american senator 's cal cup , the united states may be retired
xinhua news agency , marathon , venezuela , july 3 , by wire ( reporter jian liu )
according to a report by the venezuelan media on 3 may , the 37 - year - old veteran meninger of the chaiyu team said in an interview here that if the us - asian cup finals cannot find a suitable club effect , he will choose to retire .
if the american cup finals are closed for four to six weeks , i will not be able to get a one - one - two - prong contract from the high level team , so retired may be a good choice for me .
with the men 's singles , gladesh , badge , fell into germany , and keller also left this two multi - ethnic teams that they have their own functions .
although keller was intentionally getting involved , he was obviously not worried about his fate , and he himself is now more than eight teams are planning to send their troops to the scene .
however , this veteran who had served the western jonathan and the deqin dynasty said that how he would ultimately choose to depend on his family , my children are already nine years old , and he will be waiting in three different countries and i have three different schools . my choice now is to consider how to better benefit my family .
in the gold cup tournament that ended not long ago , kelly played an outstanding role and helped the team win the championship .
he was still under the charge of coach bradley , who was still in charge of the american cup , but he was still a major player in the game . the young guard 's + guard team was not argentina 's rival , two matches , and the big seven - time hole in his guard , like argentina 's panaguayama .
the next match against columbia will be very likely to be the rival team and kelle 's last performance in the american cup .
china : sinawberries to enter china market by end of august
xinhua news agency , july xigui xun xilun reporting that after eight years of efforts , the canadian " global post " reported that the black rawrock ( lci ) cell phone of the canadian lu xun company , which is under the name of canada 's lu xiang yu company , was finally approved to enter the chinese market . the first batch of black - rawberies cell phones will be listed in china at the end of august .
shang kun chief executive jim bousily said that he would meet with the representatives of the commercial customers in beijing , beijing , lianyang and other major cities in beijing .
the " global post " quoted a manager of the beijing office as saying that the hackers ' 8700g smart cell phone will land on the chinese market at the end of august at about 700 us dollars , and has received 5,000 orders .
bousily said that last week , the listing of ichone cell phone has made people more and more concerned about the use of smart cell phones as a rival of iphone . black - rawberlin cell phones are currently sold in more than 100 countries around the world .
according to statistics , in the first quarter of this year , the number of mobile phone users of shilly strawberry has reached 1.2 - million , with the total number of users already reaching 909 .
spain : husbands killed in mongering , killing of wives
xinhua news agency report of july 7 th from monkey attack by a spanish woman who was under attack , she pulled out a thick masks in the battle , and found on the ground that the murderer was her husband . police have arrested him .
according to a report by local media on 6 june , this woman worked in a bogus shop in brenica city .
one day , a masked man was found in a blanket , thinking she was a bandit , and told him to come to the drawer to take money and leave .
but the man did not take money , but pinned the neck of this woman and wanted to see her .
she wanted to use the method of killing her , but the man had not let her , or kicked her neck , or kick her neck .
during the struggle , the woman pulled a flock surface cover , but found her husband on a rifle .
the assailants were arrested by the police .
the victim told the media that she and her husband were in the process of divorce because of their lack of emotions . they had two children .
13 pilots resigned from donghang wuhan company , and demanded more than 100 million yuan in countercharges
xinhua news agency , wuhan , july 11 , by wire ( reporter yang shuichu liu )
13 pilots proposed resignation , and suiji dongfang airlines , wuhan limited liability company , china 's dongfang airlines , offered a huge compensation card of as high as 105 - million . this is the largest labor dispute in hubei province so far .
the hubei provincial labor dispute settlement arbitration committee is currently trying the case .
in may this year , 13 pilots of the dongfang wuhan company successively submitted their resignation , which was rejected by the company .
later , the pilot proposed labor dispute mediation applications to the hubei labor dispute arbitration committee in early june , and the ruling was terminated with the labor relations of the company of donghang .
after receiving the notice , the company of donghang wuhan put forward a countercharge , and demanded 13 pilots to pay the company more than 6 million yuan to 10 million yuan in losses ranging from labor contracts to labor contracts .
it is learned that the agreement signed between the pilot and donghang airlines is a labor contract with no fixed term . except for the conditions for stopping the conditions for and lifting the labor contract , the effect of the labor contract will continue to be the statutory retirement age for the pilot .
the hubei provincial labor dispute mediation committee handled the case as an appeal and a counterplea , and it is expected that the case will be heard before 8 august .
germany calls on russia to pass treaty on russia - russia border
xinhua news agency report of july 12 th from riga ( by staff reporter yang dehong ) - visiting german foreign minister steinmeier called on russia to pass the treaty on the lasanjo border as soon as possible on the 12th .
on that day , steinmeier held talks with his counterpart pairix , during which the two sides discussed the relations between rad and qiler and the cooperation between the eu , and exchanged views on the development of relations between latin america and russia .
at a press conference held after the talks , steinmeier called on russia to pass the treaty on the latin american - russian border as soon as possible .
steinmeier said that the improvement of relations between china and the rest of the region and russia was relatively slow , and the signing of the treaty on the lashrv border has witnessed the course of development of relations between russia and russia . however , the shadow of history may cause the relations between latin america and russia to regress again . he hoped that russia would pass the treaty on the border as soon as possible to promote the development of relations between the two countries .
on 27 march this year , after 10 years of negotiations , prime minister karvshevids and russian prime minister sergei konov signed a border treaty between the two countries in moscow .
on 17 may , the rajiv parliament passed the treaty on the latin american - american border .
according to reports by the media , the russian parliament will vote on the treaty in the near future .
dprk , rok to hold six - party talks
pyongyang , july 16 , xinhua ( reporter gao haorong and xia yu )
the military representatives of the dprk and the rok held a military talks in panchu on 16 june . the two sides agreed to hold the sixth round of talks on arms sales to the dprk from 24 to 26 june .
according to a report by the central news agency , korean military representative yu kun - chu proposed in the contact that day that the two sides should establish a common support zone between the yanping island and the white island in the western waters of the dprk , and explained in detail the reason for this .
he said that the establishment of a common prosperity zone must be implemented to the maximum extent , the principle of pursuing common national prosperity and common prosperity , and the principle of ensuring peace and stability .
when talking about the issue of the sea dividing line between the two sides , pak lin - su said : in order to prevent military conflicts between the two sides in the western sea region , the two sides should abandon the sea that they have upheld so far , recognize and respect each other 's demarcation line , and regard the relevant agreements between the dprk and the rok as the basis for consultations by international law .
he said that timely formulation of military support measures to promote cooperation and exchange between the dprk and the rok is a continual stand that the dprk military has always upheld .
he said : the rok side should now adopt military measures to ensure that the non - governmental ships from the dprk can travel directly from the port of haizhou to the south and freely pass through the cheju strait .
this is the second meeting of the dprk - rok military talks held recently since 10 june .
the fifth round of talks between the dprk and rok was held in panchu 's side of panzhiju from 8 to 11 may .
hyundai denies intention to purchase wolfowitz
seoul , july 18 ( xinhua ) a spokesman for hyundai motor company in south korea said on monday that the company had no intention to purchase any brands under wolfowiter or qilong .
the " sunday times " and " new york times " both reported recently that they might sell wolfowitz .
the " sunday times " even said in its report that hyundai motor company of south korea is a potential sunlight of wolfowitz .
a spokesman for the hyundai motor company said : we are not interested in purchasing wolfowitz + diams or lu lu hu . modern science is busy implementing our own expansion plan , and it is basically too busy to get on with him .
in 1999 , the $ 645 - million bought from wolfowitz in sweden .
at present , wolfowitz and lu xiaoshuang are both subordinate to the chief auto group ( sunji ) .
in march this year , the amount of money on the frail was 8.4kun , which sold the us dollar with a liquid flock , and last month it again indicated that it was considering selling tiger and gellipses .
( sports ) cuba 's fragmentary fist attack on taiwan is too short
rio de janeiro , july 21 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a special group to deal with the situation of the bird flu in the country
the cuban delegation on 21 march was too short of rope in the pan - american sports meet , and this will affect the performance of the fists .
according to the international boxing rules , the rope of the fist tower at international competitions should be 6.1 meters , but according to the cuban team 's boxing team coach paddro roker , the rope of the panoramic games boxing boxing station is less than one meter below the standard .
roque said : we presented a formal protest because this incident did not affect a cuban country , but involved all .
the rope is too short , and it will affect the fists ' evading actions .
he also said with a fantasy : if you cannot find a rope in the river that meets the olympic standards , you can find another place .
as we know , we brought me from cuba a hot spot .
the mexican and colombian delegations also expressed their discontent with the rope of the taiwan rope that day .
columbian fist giulio dobbies won the first battle , but he said : although i won the first match , i won the first match , but the fist - hit taiwan was too big , really it made me feel that it was not like a hot and hot .
the restoration of export orders for big beddhabachs and dabachers has resumed .
shanghai , july 24 , xinhua ( reporter xu shousong and yu lihong ) - this reporter learned from the guansheng yuan ( group ) company ltd. that the once haolaiju port in shanghai has resumed export in recent days , and many overseas chinese are still calling for orders .
the yonhaeng garden in singapore , mr. lin qingrong of the yangxingnan company , called the cornant biryuan group a few days ago , saying that because the results of tests of the big and white rabbit milk sugar are not formaldehyde , they can be sold in normal markets and demand orders .
the malaysian chin fung - sheng company , which is the cornwall of the yausung garden , said that it requires guansheng to immediately send a big white rabbit of milk from shanghai to malaysia .
the yonsheng garden , hong kong 's xiaofeng trading company , also called the cornwall garden , saying that the hong kong food safety centre had taken large diagram of white rabbit dhide and dairy sugar in hong kong and had been confirmed to have been non - formaldehyde .
the hong kong china resources limited has received notification from hong kong , and decided to resume sales of rabbit dhits and dabriel gowns in more than 100 hong kong beams .
it is learned that the 10 big shabby and big beats and milk sugar that were once in the port of shanghai have gradually resumed export .
at present , seven containers are being shipped to singapore 's jilongji , malaysia 's sunhan , and other countries .
( international ) criminal suspects arrested for posing british threat
london , july 26 ( xinhua ) british police announced on july 26 that the suspect who manufactured a british shaw prit purchase a bullet in mid - july was arrested in kelly , capital of kalestrom province on july 23 .
the police said that the man was named pu yueke , 51 , a unemployed person , and he would be charged with blackmail and manufacturing bombs .
on the afternoon of 14 july ( xizang ) , 14 british policeman chippers across the country were ordered to close their business on the next day after being threatened by bombs .
it was precisely at the peak time when the british people were purchasing their neck , the 14 families were shut down that made britain , the biggest rival , lose its sales income .
the british police later conducted a criminal investigation into the bomb threat and announced that no signs of terrorist activity had been found in the incident , but there might be some economic motives behind it .
( sports ) changing the traditional festival of flowers and blooming for beijing olympic games
beijing , july 28 ( xinhua ) the world 's top olympic committee ( ioc ) said here today that the chinese government will continue to play a positive role in the olympic games .
through changing the duration of the olympic games , scientific researchers have found a good policy to increase the color of the olympic games .
the meeting on 28 august in beijing on the selection of the olympic games ' new varieties of simulated ice and the selection and application of breasted breeds came to the conclusion that experts came to the conclusion that using control to cultivate new technologies , natural types or varieties of different natural flowers can be used in the summer , and the meeting will achieve the best results in the month of august at the beijing olympic games .
in the summer of beijing , it is usually only a dozen or so hot sheds , most of which are already drifting , or are still far from being released with the coarse .
after making efforts , scientific research personnel selected more than 400 varieties of olympic 260 varieties of sunflower , six species of sunflower .
the 2007 olympic games on the beijing haidian park will be held at the opening of the beijing olympic games . the first anniversary of the opening of the beijing olympic games is the beginning of the olympic games . a group of young chinese who were meticulously cultivated by scientific research personnel who had been meticulously cultivated by scientific research personnel had never been able to naturally open flowers in august .
turkish ruling party wins parliamentary election
xinhua news agency report of july 30th from july ( by staff reporter wang jian ) - the result of the 23d parliamentary election committee announced on july 30th showed that the ruling justice and development party won 341 of the 550 seats , and once again won a party power .
in the parliamentary election held on 22 july , the main opposition party , the republican party , won a seat .
the national action party won 71 seats in the election .
in addition to the three political parties mentioned above , 26 elected congressmen are elected .
the new turkish parliament will hold its first meeting in august .
all members will be sworn in and will begin to perform their duties .
the parliament will then elect a new speaker through a referendum .
the turkish parliamentary election was originally scheduled for november , but in the presidential election held in late april , because the opposition party was disappointed with the only candidate , who is the only candidate , who is the only candidate , and the party 's vice prime minister and minister of foreign affairs , and this led to the failure of the presidential election and the parliamentary election ahead of schedule .
