white house urges nuclear inspectors to supervise nuclear - weapon - keeping
the white house called on the nuclear inspectors to send nuclear inspectors to supervise north korea 's close nuclear reactor , the white house said after a telephone conversation with south korean president roh moo - hyun .
the two leaders discussed the latest developments in north korea 's nuclear issue and hoped the iaea inspectors would return to north korea to monitor the operation of north korea 's nuclear reactor , a spokesman for the white house national security conference said .
he said that the two presidents welcomed the us - south korean free trade agreement signed yesterday , and will make efforts to ensure the approval of the two countries ' parliaments .
experts believe that the plutonium element that pyongyang produced over the past 20 years is sufficient to create 12 nuclear weapons .
after visiting pyongyang last week , hill said that he expected to close the nuclear reactor in mid - july .
death toll in western india killed 43 dead
the two sides of the strait were hit by strong winds and heavy rains in the western part of india on weekend , and the two routes of the west were suspended .
the rescue team said today that the total of the total killed 43 .
in each of the six to september , monsoon rains brought about a flood of 1.1 billion people in india , which has been flooded with a population of 1.1 billion , or even causing casualties .
half of the victims were swept away by floods and were killed by the floods or electric electric electric power .
india 's financial center was also affected .
in the 29 、 三十两日 , the rainfall in bombay was 两百四十三 million .
the chief executive of bombay , 克 , said that 13 people were killed alone .
officials of the city government called on 15 million people to do not go out before rainstorm and to protect their own safety .
yesterday rain slightly slightly subsided , and most of the areas in bombay still flooded with water today .
india 's rainy season kills nearly 500
according to reports by officials and media , the number of deaths in india has climbed to 四百七十四 in the last year .
indian government officials said the latest rain in the rainy season has been in the past week , and the number of deaths and losses in india 's first largest city has been reported in the first five months of the year , the largest city in india , the official said .
the report pointed out that 卡丹 made the above remarks when inspecting the media in bombay .
he said that at the same time , india 's largest cotton producing province , which has a total of 27 villages , has been seriously polluted , with more than 10,000 villages being inundated from 水患 disaster areas .
india has begun to enter the rainy season one week from south to north , and all residents in various provinces have long draught , but the rain is not expected to be unexpected .
wimbledon wimbledon 赛 赛 挺进 决赛
the 红土 , a spanish 红土 , won the final victory in the final game of the war of resistance against serbia , 纳达尔 胜出 , a 球王 , a world champion of the world 's famous 球王 , who won the final victory of the match .
during the competition , 乔科维奇 was summoned to the third set of the game , and he was forced to take the 召 and the 赛 to be 治疗 .
the fourth seed was defeated by the second seed , and the second seed of 纳达尔 , which was originally 比 to 领先 , won the victory by the second seed of 纳达尔 .
in addition to the beginning of the game , nadal lost the first set of first set of first set of the game , and the second - round battle was on the side of the second - round battle .
satellite image shows iran 's tunnel to be used to protect nuclear installations
commercial satellite imaging , a us think tank , said that the commercial satellite is a tunnel in the vicinity of the 坦 uranium enrichment facility in the country , which may be designed to protect nuclear installations when it encounters air raids .
the images are made by the united states ( DigitalGlobe ) on june 11 and announced on the website of the science and international security institute .
the research institute is set up in washington to make non - profit research organizations .
the 影像 is located only 2.4 kilometers south of natanz , and is carrying out road construction along the mountain , but it is a uranium enrichment factory .
analysts said that the tunnel entrance of the tunnel was not clear , but the road was apparently seen as a tunnel facility , another road that could access to the tunnel .
they said that the tunnel facility in the 山 mountain tunnel will play a good role in the air raids .
un envoy holds talks with iran on nuclear talks
the un international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) , which is in tehran , today held talks with iranian officials to try to resolve the impasse in iran 's nuclear programme .
however , iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad has continued to stubbornly resist the pressure of the united nations .
iran insisted that iran would not stop uranium enrichment , but welcomed the latest talks .
he said that the move of the 「 could slow or speed up the pace of the centrifuge , which was a problem that was enforced , but nobody should expect us to abandon our right , but we would not stop this move .
he was released after arriving in tehran .
the purpose of the visit is to formulate a set of plans to resolve the unresolved issues triggered by iran 's nuclear programme .
the united nations has imposed two sanctions against iran because of tehran 's failure to freeze uranium enrichment .
海诺宁 伊朗 , iran 's news agency , said that the official and the iranian supreme council for security , who is responsible for international affairs , have started talks .
the iranian nuclear issue is also a major issue of the iranian nuclear issue .
state emergency emergency 届期 法雅德 将 将 将 政府 政府 政府 政府 政府 政府 政府 政府 政府 政府 政府 政府 政府 政府 政府
palestinian prime minister 法雅 德 resigned after a state of emergency in gaza , which was launched by palestinian militants in the gaza strip , but he was ordered to be responsible for forming a new government .
「 法雅德 , minister of agriculture and social affairs , told the president that he was asked to resign , and he also asked him to form a new cabinet responsible for handling day - to - day administrative affairs .
abbas 's confidant , 安 , told afp that his resignation was the resignation of abbas , and abbas ordered him to carry out his current duties until he formed a new government .
the economic scholar , 法雅德 , who is respected by the chinese government , has submitted his resignation , but he will not waver in procedural terms and will not shake his position as a prime minister .
the law was followed by the palestinian emergency cabinet , which led palestinian emergency cabinet to take charge of palestinian violence , which was declared in gaza on the 17 th of last month .
according to the basic law of the palestinian autonomous government , the state of emergency has not been approved by parliament , but the current autonomy council is paralyzed by the current autonomy council .
the authority of the government has expired today .
wto to break deadlock in the doha round of talks
the world trade organization ( wto ) negotiations today proposed a big reduction in subsidies to agriculture , which has greatly reduced the import tariffs on industrial products in the course of the development of the doha round of trade negotiations .
the new model of the new 「 has demanded that the united states reduce subsidies to agriculture in the first half of the year to 美元 billion us dollars , and the development of the country 's industrial products will be reduced to below 23 percent , according to the official .
the proposal aims to break the deadlock over the past six years and achieve a compromise agreement between the 150 member states of the wto and to reach a compromise agreement .
the wto secretary - general lamy said that these proposals were the fair and reasonable basis for the fairness of the 目标 and the development of the agreement as a guide for the development of a balanced agreement .
lamy said that the member states will not fully satisfied the contents of the proposal , but the problem of differences in the current situation is less than the issue of consensus .
he called on intensive talks in the next few weeks .
quake - hit production in 强震 production , production of vehicles , production or production
toyota and japan , which are expected to cut their production in the first half of this week , will cut production and suspend their production , according to the japanese daily .
the car manufacturer , 理 组件 , was forced to suspend operation in the northwest part of the city of tokyo , which was affected by the 规模 - 强震 - 强震 - 强震 - 强震 - 强震 - 强震 - 强震 - 强震 group , which was forced to suspend operation in the northwest , the , said .
toyota , a world - renowned automaker , said that toyota will suspend its domestic auto production from the beginning of this week to the 21 st .
japan 's three factories will suspend production in japan , the japanese daily said on monday .
he said two factories have two production lines , one of which will be affected by the production line , but the company may increase shift next month to make up for the backward production progress .
the japanese fuji heavy industry company , which is scheduled to suspend production in the three days starting tomorrow , will suspend production of small cars and assess the situation on 21 august .
honda said that the next week may be temporarily suspended for production production production production .
the quake was caused by the quake , which killed at least 10 people , more than 1,000 people injured , and hundreds of houses collapsed and forced factories in the disaster areas to stop .
worries about buying and selling 印尼 indonesia cancelled
the distributor said that in view of the rush rush rush of hong kong this month , the sale of british brand - name bags has been cancelled .
a person in charge of 名 店 , located at 广场 square in the 印尼 , said that we have cancelled the environmental protection bags in light of the incident in hong kong .
if the people were hit by a bag of 十四万 ( nt $ 四百九十四 million ) , then it would have no price value .
thousands of hong kong people gathered on the 6th to buy 店家 , preparing to buy 、 , which was designed by 英国 AnyaHindmarch , a british 设计家 , but not a plastic bag of plastic bags , but the scene was lost .
the quality of the environmental protection demands is to replace plastic bags , but unexpectedly , it was a price of 流行 in london and new york , which has already flown several times the price of buying and auctioning web sites .
the only 「 On 」 」 , who was in indonesia , said that he would not be determined to sell it in a few days .
south korea and taliban direct talks
afghanistan 's taliban rebels kidnapped 23 south korean hostages and set up today to set up a deadline for south korea to withdraw its troops from afghanistan , or else it would kill the hostages .
with time ending by minute , the situation has developed positive , and south korean officials have started negotiations for the first time today .
but at the same time , the taliban said that another hostage was very weak in the body of the kidnapped german hostage , and began to fall into a coma and lose consciousness .
the taliban called on germany and south korea to withdraw their troops from afghanistan and demanded that the hostages be held in 33 of the afghan government .
taliban spokesman 阿玛迪 said in an unidentified telephone interview that us officials had contact with south korea 's representatives through the tribal elders , 」 」 , who was in a position to contact south korea .
阿玛迪 said that the talks will result in the outcome of the talks .
the taliban 's local time ( 台湾 gmt ) was the final deadline for killing south korean hostages .
the guerrillas have been extended twice .
disputes between the two koreas on the sea dispute broke out in discord
the two sides held talks on the basis of the one - day north - south high - level military talks on the basis of the consensus on the demarcation of the sea area .
the talks on the border between the border cities of panmunjom and the last day of the talks will be held on the first day of the talks , north korea 's chief delegate kim chong - il said in a statement , saying that the talks would not require any talks that would not have yielded results .
the sharp face of the rise was obviously unhappy with south korea , deliberately avoiding the designation of new sea boundaries , replacing the original 「 限 讨论 .
he said that the north limit limit of 「 was not legitimate .
the north limit limit at the yellow sea was located at 」 , which was designated by the us military after the end of the korean war in 1953 , but in recent years , north korea has refused to recognize the issue .
south korea said that south korea 's warships illegally invaded the waters , causing tensions to be triggered , and south korea claimed that this allegation was groundless .
the clash broke out in june 1999 in the local waters , causing dozens of north korean sailors to die .
in june 2002 , another similar clash was found , six south koreans unfortunately .
us treasury secretary arrives in china for environmental protection and exchange rate
us treasury secretary powell arrived in china yesterday to make an all - out effort to persuade china to carry out the necessary economic reform and environmental protection , especially the issue of the renminbi exchange rate agenda which has attracted much attention .
the us foreign diplomats said that 鲍尔森 went to xining , capital of northwest china 's northwest china 's northwestern region , to visit xining .
china has implemented a series of environmental protection plans near the largest 咸水湖 in qinghai province .
the meeting was held today to discuss issues such as the promotion of the strategic economic dialogue initiated last year by the chinese officials in charge of the united states , china , and the united states .
the us - china strategic economic dialogue was mainly discussed on issues such as economic 、 , and the most important issue , and the us congress members held that the rmb was overly undervalued .
the us - china trade deficit is rapidly growing , and pressure within the united states is gradually rising , and congressmen are prepared to take retaliatory actions against china 's unfair trade policy .
last week the senate finance committee passed a bill demanding that the ministry of finance refer to the list of countries that have been wrongly assessed by the monetary exchange and opened the door for the opening of the country 's economic sanctions against beijing .
us congressmen said that the renminbi 's undervalued value of goods to the united states was very cheap , aggravated the imbalance in us - china trade , and the us trade deficit with china reached $ 二千三百二十五亿 billion last year .
穆里尼奥坚 says that the 60 - year - old chelsea will completely withdraw from the soccer line
starting from the beginning of the season , the 穆里尼奥 's future is a topic of media 爆炒 , but the portuguese again stressed that he would stay in london in this summer .
some newspapers in “ listed 14 new candidates for chelsea , but i would leave the irony in satirical terms in chelsea .
穆里尼奥 reiterated that he hoped that the portuguese team would be able to pick up the portuguese team , and i really want to teach the team , i believe that the portuguese football federation is also very hopeful to recruit me as the team commander .
however , 44 - year - old 穆里尼奥 did not intend to contribute to soccer , he said , adding that he would retire before 60 years old , and he did not want to do so as the year of the year .
i had made a promise to his wife , i would not be like a 罗布森 and 弗格森 , and i had been teaching until 70 years old .
穆里尼奥 said frankly that “ was 60 years old , and i would like to completely bid farewell to the soccer .
i have too many things that i cannot wait for now , and i am going to do a job .
i do n't want to become a football consultant or director of technology , for example , 巴尔达诺 or 萨基 .
i do n't want to play this role .
i do not want to become chairman of a club , i only want to completely bid farewell to soccer , and emphasize the importance of the 强调 .
( qi liang )
hearing of wang bing , wang bing , wang bing , wang bing , 曹 , 山西 , shanxi , the case was heard ( photo ) .
chinanews , july 4 , the central news agency ( 网 ) , under the concern of the public , was hearing the case of 曹 砖窑 , a 黑 砖窑 黑 黑 黑 黑 中院 中院 中院 中院 中院 中院 中院 中院 中院 中院 中院 中院 county in shanxi province this morning .
many domestic media have been concerned about the progress of this case .
some reporters were unable to conduct interviews on the spot because of the relatively cautious local departments .
at present , the court is still in progress .
according to the staff of the court of 临汾市 , the court will try to conclude the trial if the court is successfully tried .
but the case is not yet known to the court .
at about 9 am , a reporter noticed that the gate of the intermediate court of the 中院 city was a quiet scene . passersby calmly and 来往 .
the court was also used to the court hearing .
the result was that the law was just a result , and believed that the law was fair .
a national emblem was seen in the hope of a new person who was staying here .
earlier , according to information , the father of wang bing , wang bing , was dismissed from the post of deputy secretary of the county party branch , wang 东记 , who was dismissed from the county by the law .
before that , wang 东记 was dismissed from his post as party branch secretary of the village and was expelled from the party .
the incident of the criminal 砖窑 of the black lake , which was caused by wang bing 's criminal 砖窑 , once attracted attention at home and abroad , and the central authorities instructed to strictly investigate the matter .
dprk , rok reach agreement on cooperation in light industry and underground resources
chinanews . com , july 8
the dprk and the rok have reached an agreement on cooperation in light industry and the development of the underground resources on the 7th .
according to the agreement , the rok will provide the dprk with raw materials and raw materials for light industry and other light industries , and the dprk will grant the rok some mining rights to the rok .
according to the report , the rok and the dprk held a cooperation in the field of light industry and underground resources in three days , and held consultations on the issues of light industry and underground resources , and finally reached an agreement .
according to this agreement , the rok will provide the dprk with clothing and raw materials , and the raw materials that are equivalent to 香皂 million yen .
the dprk will confer the right of mining of three mines in the country .
the south korean government will use the ship 's ship to transport the first batch of 500 tons of fiber - worth fiber to the dprk on july 25 .
according to the plan , the rok and the dprk jointly conducted investigations into the north korean eastern region of the dprk starting 28 july .
the south korean government started to offer 400,000 tons of rice to the dprk at the end of last month .
after the dprk indicated that it was willing to actively carry out the agreement reached by the six countries , including the nuclear facilities , the dprk - rok economic cooperation has become more active .
lanzhou commodity prices have been explained by the price of 牛肉面 .
chinanews . com , lanzhou , july 10 ( huang party )
the municipal pricing bureau of lanzhou city invited relevant departments to hold a forum on the price of the fixed fee .
at the press conference , the ministry of pricing and other departments were also informed that the price of a single fixed price was mainly due to the excessive increase in the price of 牛肉面 price , and the capacity for the residents to bear the burden exceeded the average .
it was learned that the price of the current price rose by 20 percent , with the rate of increase in the first time since the 1980 's , the first ever ever since the 1980 's , and the biggest increase since the 1980 's .
" the government 's behavior is to consider the economic ability of ordinary residents in the region , the highest fixed price for taiwan , and the bureau of commodity prices , " said the bureau chief of the lanzhou municipal commodity prices bureau .
on 26 april , the bureau of bureau of bureau of bureau of bureau of bureau of commodity prices of lanzhou city , the bureau of trade and industry , and other four departments jointly applied the highest price for the city 's 牛肉面 price , which was revealed by the public .
it is understood that the forum was aimed at extensively listening to opinions from all circles , for soliciting opinions and suggestions from the next step , and to further disclose the lanzhou will hold a news conference tomorrow .
this will be the second news conference held by lanzhou city on the price hike of the 牛肉面 .
china 's development council to be punished in beijing
chinanews , july 11 , the ministry of civil affairs on july 11 , according to information from the ministry of civil affairs , has stopped the administrative penalty for the development of china 's region for three months .
the penalty for the development of the china regional development council ( ccpit ) has been found in the following areas : 1 . the fee collection fee for the first half of the year is to be collected from non - member units .
the fee for the membership fee of the unit 's membership is 元 yuan , and the receipt of the fee receipt from the 20 - odd units from june to february 2007 has been collected from more than 20 units , including the management fees collected from the branch offices , including the management fees collected from the branch offices .
according to article 33 ( 8 ) of the " regulations on registration and management of social organizations , " the ministry of civil affairs has issued three months of administrative punishment to the society for a period of three months , and sealed up the seal and seal the seal .
south korea hopes to speed up nuclear - free korean peninsula
chinanews , july 12 the south korean government has expressed welcome to the meeting of the delegation of the six - party talks which started in beijing on 18 july .
the spokesman said that the six - party talks will be held at the next stage of the six - party talks , and the six - party talks will be held in beijing , the ministry said
the commentary said that the chinese government will continue to play a positive role in the denuclearization of the korean peninsula , and will continue to play a positive role in the process of the denuclearization of the korean peninsula as the core of the dprk nuclear issue .
official says beijing olympic games expected to be the largest in china
chinanews . com , july 16
xinhua news agency news agency , wang shilin , deputy director of the international liaison department of the beijing olympic organizing committee , disclosed that the beijing olympic organizing committee will send the ioc to the ioc 's 205 ioc committee in 2008 for the 2008 olympic games .
he said that the beijing olympic games will become the most important olympic games in history and the largest number of countries in history .
according to the report , from the 10th to the 12th , representatives of the beijing olympic organizing committee briefed the pan - athletic organization on the progress of the preparations for the beijing olympic games , including the construction of the venue for the construction of the 场馆 , and the 住宿 hotel .
wang shilin said : all members of the pan - american sports organization and regions have shown great enthusiasm for participating in the beijing olympic games , and all 42 members have confirmed that they will attend the meeting of the heads of delegations of all countries and the olympic committees in beijing next month .
it is learned that at the meeting , the ioc will formally invite the ioc to attend the 2008 olympic games in 2008 with the ioc 's participation in the 2008 olympic games .
( gao 鹏 )
wang yan 's injury has been improved " to persist " in the 板凳 muscle and muscle muscle back to the " two - level " muscle .
wang yan , who was able to sit on the bench , still cannot be too long , otherwise she felt dizzy , ” , and 吴 , director of the zhejiang sports bureau yesterday , told reporters that wu 熙勤 , director of the zhejiang sports bureau , told reporters .
wang yan , who was injured in the competition earlier , had sustained sustained improvement in the condition of the 比赛 , and the muscle - ache and the 肌 - 上肢 muscles of the left - right 上肢 were restored and “ - 2 .
on 4 april , wang yan 's 右 肌 肌 muscle muscle and muscle muscle were to be 到 and 上肢 .
in the past half months , wang yan 's muscle muscle muscles have been further improved .
dr. “ said that wang yan 's right hand has reached above four levels , and is only one level below normal , and his left hand muscle muscle strength is also at grade 3 .
in other words , in less than half a month , wang yan restored “ 肌 肌 muscle - 级 .
in the first moment , wang yan could still stick to five minutes of the doctor 's help .
the hospital recovered the 练习 of the 床 in the last weekend under the protection of the bed .
however , according to wang yan 's recovery , the rehabilitation training had to be postponed temporarily .
wu 熙勤 said that wang yan 's current training mainly took “ to sit on the bench , and she could stick to a while in the bench , but the time could not be too long .
venezuelan president to cut salary in big cuts
chinanews , july 23 , the venezuelan president made a long speech on the 22 nd on the foreign policy of venezuela 's foreign policy .
he said that the reduction of senior civil servants was a significant reduction .
he also said that if the foreign - invested foreigners attacked the venezuelan government , they would be expelled from the country .
chavez has ordered government officials to monitor the visit of foreigners to venezuela , and found that anyone openly criticized him or the government , and all of them should expel him .
in his televised speech on the evening of 22 july , he said that venezuela cannot tolerate “ foreigners to make indiscreet remarks at home .
in his speech , he also pointed out that the reduction of senior civil servants would be significantly reduced .
he said that the highest wage in venezuela 's civil servants could not exceed $ 7,000 per month .
it is reported that the monthly income of some poor people in venezuela is 250 us dollars .
the government has been working on the international community to reduce the wage of the public , and the government has been able to make a joint effort to reduce the wage of the public .
the leaders of peru and bolivia have paid their own pay to their own leaders .
chavez also said that cuban leaders have reminded him of the assassination of the us side .
he said castro gave him a memoir written by former director of the us central intelligence agency tenet , who was present at the cia 's “ , and asked him to see the secret secret secret ” of the cia .
hearing of the 听证会 spy case , ” 间谍 , a secret hearing of F1 , ended yesterday .
beijing time last night , the international 汽联 automobile movement council held a special hearing on the ferrari technology espionage case in paris , and was summoned by the 凯 motorcade to escape . the case was decided to be temporarily not punished for the time being .
the international 汽联 network issued a statement after a hearing , saying that “ 's motorcade had the 秘密 secret information , but there was no evidence to show that these data were used to the international 汽联 世锦赛 , which is not used to be used for the international 汽联 .
however , the ferrari technical espionage case has not drawn a close .
the automobile movement council also said that if the ferrari information is found to be used for damage to the championships , we reserves the right to take the power of the 凯 team to a hearing held by the 理事会 group , and they may face the cancellation of the year of the season and even the 2008 season .
the 设计师 设计师 , former designer of the 停职 , has been found to have been found in the 近 - 页 technology document , which includes the ferrari design of ferrari , the 法拉利 engine of the ferrari car , and the 运行 发展 .
taking the 凯 group 's insistence that the vehicle was suspended before the suspension , the vehicle team did not know that the data was not the ferrari element of the ferrari season .
( wang yuan )
experts believe insurance will not be diverted to domestic stock market in short term
chinanews . com , july 30
according to china 's securities reports , the " provisional measures for the management of foreign investment outside the insurance industry " recently introduced the " interim procedures for the management of insurance funds , " and the capital market has a broader space for use .
china life insurance company chief investment officer liu 乐飞 said that the appreciation of the renminbi and the domestic capital market will not be large by the time of the purchase of foreign currencies , and the short - term insurance industry will not be able to divert funds from the domestic stock market in the near future .
the report said many insurance institutions hold similar views .
experts said that because of the lack of the renminbi market , the time for risk - taking of insurance institutions is not yet ripe , and the timing of the large - scale purchase of foreign currencies is not yet ripe .
liu 乐飞 said : in the long term , the investment in the asset allocation should be a proportion of the overall allocation of insurance companies in the overall allocation of insurance companies .
however , in view of the current pressure of greater appreciation of the rmb , china life will mainly use its own foreign exchange funds to invest in overseas investment .
the foreign investment in foreign currencies should be handled in a cautious manner in the current situation .
( still the xiaoyang )
china 's flood victims to flood flood - relief work in flood prevention and drought relief
the reporter learned from the general headquarters of flood prevention and drought control that as of 29 july , the floods were affected by floods , of which 成灾 million mu were afflicted by floods , 11915万 million people were affected by disaster , and 525亿 were directly economic losses .
the area of land hit by drought has been 1.40亿 million mu , with 人 million 牲畜 of the total livestock , and the problem of temporary drinking water for livestock has been temporarily affected .
on 29 july , the state general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control directed the emergency plan to make arrangements for the current grim flood prevention and drought control situation .
the general headquarters of the huai he and the huai river flood prevention headquarters should strengthen their control over the flood - relief period , strengthen the defense of dams , and win a comprehensive victory in flood prevention in the huai he .
the state flood control and drought relief headquarters , with the financial departments of the ministry of finance , has sent three working groups to flood prevention and drought - stricken areas to prevent flood - stricken areas and drought - stricken areas .
the flood prevention work is being carried out in an orderly and orderly manner , the flood prevention works are normal , the river is in the 新河 river , and the 新河 新河 in henan province has been stuck in the river embankment in anhui province .
dykes in the mainstream of the huaihe river have no major danger .
in accordance with the plan , jiangxi 's 、 , jiangxi , and other provinces , in accordance with the plan , have responded to the emergency response response response and are in an intense and orderly manner in the fight against drought .
( by reporter zhao qizheng )
chen shui - bian secretly approved judicial intervention in election taiwan " judicial court " denied and explained it .
chinanews , july 31 , 2007 , chen shui - bian questioned the attempt of judicial personnel on the island to intervene in the election of leaders of the taiwan region .
” ” , chief executive officer of the taiwan affairs office of the taiwan “ law office , said that the current performance of judges on the island is not compatible with chen shui - bian , and he also asked chen shui - bian to explain his explanation .
according to taiwan 's " lien - ho pao " report , chen shui - bian questioned the judge 's prosecutor 's or investigators ' judgment , because political factors or election considerations were affected , and they were likely to be very difficult to see the election campaign .
in view of chen shui - bian 's doubts , ” , president of the taiwan “ judiciary , was not responding to the proposal , and secretary general ” 光群 of the “ group appointed 代表 司法 , the deputy director of the judicial department of the supreme people 's court .
the law and the code of practice of judges are clearly declared that judges should go beyond party affiliation and should not take part in political party activities , and the judges are very cautious in their respect for the relevant restrictions .
gao 金枝 cited an example , citing a few years ago as a 法官 judge of the 院 college of kaohsiung university , which was a political party that was the party 's political party to be formed by a political party .
zhang 盛喜 wanted to take part in the dpp primary primaries , and also took the post to participate in the dispute over the election .
gao 金枝 believes that if the trial of individual cases is tried , the relief should not be made in accordance with the results of the judgment , and the judge will not be able to make any political intention .
germany to lower import threshold for professional personnel
[ reporter ] this is a question by the reporter of the berlin municipal government .
the german education and scientific research minister said that germany should reduce the restrictions imposed on foreign professionals in foreign professionals , and to solve the shortage of professional personnel in germany through increasing the import of foreign professionals .
according to oecd reports , the number of labor force in germany between the ages of 15 and 64 will decrease year by year .
if there is no sufficient immigration , then germany 's labor force will be reduced by 6% percent by 2020 .
the german labor union and german engineers association , including german engineers and german engineers , said that the shortfall in the labor market is a big shortfall in the current labor market .
according to data from the german federal labor bureau , in may this year , the supply gap between the german labor market and the shortage of the german labor market was about 1.27万 , and the shortage of technicians was about 9600 .
in order to protect their own people , germany has set up a higher threshold for foreign talent .
germany 's " law law " stipulates that the professional personnel of non - european countries are not in the lower limit of the german economy than that of the euro - zone , or they cannot be allowed to work in germany or stay in the permitted residence .
the figure was reduced to 40,000 to 60,000 euros .
do n't superstitions have a theory on the theoretical circle of “
article 8 of the law on law - making , which is submitted to the standing committee of the national people 's congress , stipulates that the law - based teaching and research of professional work in the field of law - based teaching and other professional professional personnel will be approved by the state council 's judicial administration departments .
( june 28 , china youth daily )
the law is divided into a divided form of 理论 and “ , which mainly includes the law - based conduct and research work , the latter is the 具体 legal legal services for the legal system , etc.
the 法律 理论 理论 理论 理论 理论 理论 理论 理论 理论 理论 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 ;
the law is not a single thing .
however , the 制 lawyer system in the " lawyer law " has objectively recognized the legal 界 of the law , which is higher than the law of the law .
in fact , some of the theoretical studies and teaching experts engaged in legal studies and teaching experts are engaged in a pure legal study and teaching expert , and their theoretical attainments are also completely incompatible with the law .
in this way , the 制 legal lawyer system , without doubt , has a very bad 口子 , which is a bad example of the poor , bad , and bad 口子 of the law - abiding profession .
the superstition of the 界 theory of the “ is not only the case , but also the opinions and comments of the experts , which will often affect the phenomenon of the court 's ruling and also a direct manifestation of this superstition .
china to encourage china - funded vessels to sail to the red flag
reporter feng lei , reporter feng lei
at a briefing held by the information office of the state council , the state council 's information office said that since 1 july this year , china will implement a policy of duty - free registration of china 's international shipping vessels , and encourage the chinese - funded vessels to return to china to register as a national flag and to hang the red flag .
in order to further promote the healthy development of china 's maritime transportation industry , the state has recently issued a " notice on the implementation of the policy on tax exemption for shipping vessels , " which has been registered and used by china , and has been exempted from tariffs and the application procedures for the processing of imported ships from 1 july this year .
the application for shipping vessels will be made by the shanghai 、 city in shanghai to register as ship registration for ship registration .
britain lowers alert level of terrorist attacks
this newspaper , july 5 , 2005 ( reporter guo lin )
the british government will cut the alert level from the highest level to “ , and this is not a matter of the time , but the attacks will not be possible , the british government said on wednesday .
the british police will have to transfer the scope of the investigation to india and australia .
as the eight suspects arrested were all in medical system , the government will examine the background of the entry of the foreign immigrants in the medical system .
it is reported that people who have nearly 90,000 jobs in public health care systems in britain are eligible for overseas qualifications .
prime minister brown also asked the background of the background of the high - tech migrants , and the employers or relevant agencies will be requested to provide information on the background of their applications .
public places do not let vendors worry about
when traveling out of the country , the purpose is to ease the cool breeze and ease the snow and enjoy the best of natural scenery and the fruits of social civilization .
however , there are many people who have come to travel in china , and many people have encountered such worries and pursuit of besieging and blocking the business in public places and for intermediary business .
no matter whether cars or trains , trains and trains , they always have to face a death and 烂 of a 中介 and a number of non - license intermediaries .
it is not selling eggs peanut cakes , selling newspapers and periodicals , and then giving them a false introduction of food and beverage , even selling fake invoices , and even selling fake invoices .
if you do n't accept it , he can chase you several hundred meters , and you will be able to become a benevolent trend .
many tourists have also felt the same feeling .
there was no way to go to the door , and some people came to peddle things like tourist items and small handicraft items .
after entering the door , the situation was even more , and the good 雅兴 was also shaped , and the 寡 was 搅和 .
some media reported that many foreign tourists in xian have praised the historical landscape of xian , but they have not understood the 名胜古迹 of the 堆 hawkers .
these areas include public places in scenic areas of the station , which are where they are going to make a trip and leisure , and should stress civilization and orderliness , and give a comfortable environment for tourists to comfort themselves .
the free entry and exit of vendors has disturbed the tourists ' 心绪 , objectively undermining public order in these public places , forming a visual pollution and environmental pollution , and providing the conditions and opportunities for lawless elements .
what is important is that these public places are the window of spiritual civilization construction in the local areas , and the loss of the entire leopard is not merely an image problem , but also an impact on local economic development and will also affect the local economic development .
just think , you should do a big job , but you use such a kind of a 乱七八糟 tourist environment to welcome the guests who are 南来北往 , who is willing to come here ?
how do you have economic returns ?
as the tourist season is coming , the tourist attraction of the tourist industry creates a civilized environment for tourism .
public places are not the market , the operation of the hawker control and control centers , and the illegal operation of illegal activities .
only when a civilized environment is an orderly and orderly one can we make a good time and return to the place where we return .
in a word , public places are not allowed to worry about the vendors .
“ 奖励 奖励 奖励 奖励 奖励 经不起 奖励 奖励 奖励 奖励 奖励 奖励 奖励 奖励 奖励 奖励 奖励
the beijing dongcheng district 's street in dongcheng district is a reward for the low - income families of 12 households who have taken the initiative to protect their own families .
( " beijing news " july 10 )
this writer is pleased to see the improvement of these families ' lives , but the formulation of the 提法 主动 has also given the 奖励 the method of giving 奖励 , but it is a complex and complicated way .
deputy director 建国门 街道 said that the problem of the fraud and other problems in the low - income area encouraged the voluntary support of other low - income families .
this example is indeed a little naive if we encourage other low - income staff to get rid of their difficulties through their efforts , but if they want to use this to help them to help them to earn low - income workers for long - term low - income earners .
in the work of differentiating between the real and the inferior , the work of keeping up with the real and inferior households is relied on by law .
relevant departments should strengthen their obligations to ensure that their families are enjoying their low subsistence allowances , such as timely notification of family personnel and changes in income , and the work of regular reexamination and reexamination .
after all , the “ is a long - term solution to the law .
who is buried in the kind of material rewards for the family of 退保 families ?
the government 's expenditure is to be borne by the financial appropriations for the first level .
but the money of the taxpayers was not 花呢 .
on the one hand , the withdrawal of low - income families proves that it has already possessed a certain amount of self - sufficiency ability , and on the other hand , is it not still still necessary for the application of low - income personnel to apply for low - income personnel ?
the government financial appropriations that are called saving money should be timely and timely , instead of adding flowers to the brocade .
liu 刚毅 is also a more credible person .
on 10 july , secretary of the party committee of the 第一 town party committee , 、 county , the first county party secretary of the county , and liu 刚毅 , secretary of the party committee of the 直选 town , 全国 town , 上任 county , took office the fourth time the results were achieved .
liu 刚毅 , who was a 服务 , was a 服务 service provider in the dialogue between the reporters and liu wai - liu .
( yesterday 's beijing news )
” , a service provider of liu 刚毅 's mouth , may be more convincing than the “ service that some appointed cadres appointed to the appointment system , and more authentic and convincing people .
the most important advantage of the election is the decision of the general public , the majority of the former party members decided to appoint the source of power , and the main source of power is appointed by the higher authorities , and the source of power must be decided by the higher authorities .
the source of power and the responsibility for who is responsible is the fundamental factor determining how to carry out the work of being elected .
the 。 of the 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 ;
my view is that there is a kind of democratic evaluation of this kind of democratic evaluation , which is better than that .
considering the history and current situation of grassroots democracy in china , i think that the direct election of the direct election is a major breakthrough , and democratic appraisals are an important component of this pioneering work .
india is expected to select the first female president , saying that the possibility of the election is quite big , and the female voters hope that their status will increase .
on 23 june , pregnancy was in hands with ten hands before completing the presidential candidate document .
the curtain on the 19th round of the indian presidential election opened on 19 march , with the new president coming to the current position of vice president and the 拉贾斯坦邦 state - to - state 邦 邦 .
women are the first female presidential candidate in india 's history , and she will become the first female president in the history of india .
women are the ruling party of the ruling party , and 谢卡瓦特 came from the opposition party .
because the congress party holds a dominant position in the presidential election , the media and the people have speculated that women are more likely to be elected .
the 72 - year - old woman was 拉贾斯坦邦 女 .
she was born to the congress in 1985 and became a political experience in 1985 . he was well received by the government during his tenure as a leader .
she is also committed to social welfare , and is the honorary chairman of many cultural and social welfare organizations .
analysts pointed out that women are the reason why she has been consistently loyal to the party chairman of the indian congress because she has been unswervingly loyal to the party chairman of the indian congress .
in india , the 家族 family controlled the ruling party .
the world 's most important player in the world is the world 's most populous country .
the constitution stipulates that the state of india and the commander of the armed forces in the name of the president are not represented by any party or even more of the party 's leaders .
( yen 颖颛 )
us support for the palestinian government 's expulsion of extremists
this newspaper , july 22 , this reporter ( reporter xu 启生 )
us president bush said on 21 april that the united states will fully support the pakistani government 's efforts to send “ 基地 al qaeda to the border between the pakistani and afghan extremists .
bush said in a weekly weekly radio broadcast that according to the new us intelligence , the 基地 base of the united states has found a safe haven for the afghan and afghan border areas in the border area between pakistan and afghanistan .
he expressed his concern about the ” .
bush said that the united states will continue to support pakistani president musharraf and believes that musharraf will continue to fight against al qaeda and taliban militants .
the report recently published by the united states pointed out that the muslim militant organization , especially the 基地 base of 本.拉登 , is a continuing threat to the united states .
musharraf reached a consensus on the prevention of taliban forces and the al-qaeda al-qaeda organization , which was concluded last september and the northern part of pakistan in september last year .
the 。 of the tribal leaders , who are not willing to be able to defend the security of the region , is not a viable one .
in his speech earlier this time , bush said that musharraf is taking positive steps to correct this mistake .
us hopes to see dprk nuclear issue fully implemented
this newspaper , july 24 , 2007 ( reporter xu 启生 )
us assistant secretary of state christopher hill said on 23 june that the six - party talks on the korean nuclear issue held last week are very important , and the meeting has made real progress , but the first step is to implement the agreement .
the united states hopes that the " joint statement " and " joint document jointly signed by the dprk and the dprk " will be fully implemented in 2008 .
at a news conference on the same day , he said that to achieve the goal of completely resolving the dprk nuclear issue in 2008 , the dprk should declare its nuclear program by the end of this year and achieve its functions in its nuclear facilities .
he hoped that all parties concerned would fully fulfill the agreement reached in the six - party talks on the nuclear issue in the dprk within one year .
hill also said that the us and dprk work teams will discuss issues that need to be resolved in the dprk - dprk relations , while holding talks on security and energy issues .
climate change leads to 冰川 glaciers in 阿
this newspaper , on 29 july , ( reporter liu jun )
experts from the swiss academy of sciences have long been tracking research and discovering that over 1,800 glaciers in switzerland are shrinking by the year 2005 .
the heat wave in 2003 led to the melting of 1.8% glaciers in the alps .
experts believe that if the global temperature is up to three degrees , the glaciers will be reduced by 80% degrees , and the glaciers will melt up by 5 degrees celsius and all glaciers will melt .
the glacier glaciers are the world 's longest glaciers , which are listed as the world 's natural heritage sites , but the natural environment has been reduced by 100 meters from 2005 to 2006 .
the tu - 95 glacier is a 公里 glacier .
photo by liu jun .
beijing olympic games association offers advice on civilized consumers
beijing , july 30
the consumer association of tianjin consumer association , the consumer council of tianjin , and consumer council of the city , the consumer council , and the consumer council of the city , have been given a strong sense of interest to the consumers , and to the world .
the proposal proposes that starting with me , strengthening the awareness of the olympic games , learning etiquette , learning etiquette , enhancing civilization , and abiding by social ethics , will be used to be a civilized and civilized consumers ;
we should enhance the sense of green olympics , protect the ecological environment , treasure natural resources , actively promote sustainable consumption , and make a consumer of consumers who advocate the green consumption .
establish a sense of diligence and thrift , change the concept of consumption , discard blindly unrealistic comparisons , oppose extravagance and waste , and do a rational consumer concept with scientific means of consumption ;
we should take the initiative to take part in social supervision , consciously respect the rights and obligations of intellectual property rights , correctly understand rights and obligations , and act in accordance with the law ;
advocate the spirit of being masters of the country and actively participate in the olympic games , publicize the concept of the olympic games , and become a person who is the organizer of the olympic spirit .
hk 's 钟声 线 to return to hong kong
on 1 july , the bell bell of the nanjing temple memorial hall was sounded again and the bell rang .
this heavy historical echo has been linked to the mainland and hong kong compatriots , and the people of hong kong and shenzhen have jointly celebrated the 10 th anniversary of hong kong 's return to the motherland .
at the end of july 1 , the sky tower tower of nanjing temple , 静海 temple , echoed the bell bell of 155 police and was a farewell bid for the humiliating history of the hong kong island .
in front of the memorial hall , people from all walks of life in nanjing gathered together and said that they should always warn themselves of history and never forget history by themselves .
the “ - 米 - 米 - 一点八四二 - 一点八四二 - 一点八四二 - 一点八四二 was signed during the time when the opium war broke out .
mr chung 一点九九七 - 米 , and 1997 was the year of hong kong 's return to the motherland .
the plan and creator of the world cup in those years said five ‘ ’ 字 , with the stone sculptures using a high - sculpture sculpture , two dragons , and a symbol of the 祖国 , which symbolizes hong kong 's ‘ pearl of the motherland .
the first suggestion of the democratic parties in the world that was to build the chung chung - chung - man was said to be , , and the hong kong handover has been 10 years since hong kong 's reversion , he hoped that hong kong would be able to shine brightly and forever .
( end ) ( zhu 晓颖 liu yang )
russian security agency accused 氏 of " conspiracy to plot " in exile
博罗夫科夫 , a russian 寡头 in exile in london , announced on july 2 that the russian federal security bureau has formally put forward a new accusation against his clients , accusing him of plotting to plot the state coup and attempting to win the power of the russian regime .
博罗夫科夫 pointed out that in april this year , when interviewed by a reporter from the british guardian , he was prepared to launch a coup coup in russia , which was confirmed to be a government of the right - wing elite who was opposed to the policy of opposing the authorities .
the russian federal security bureau has launched a criminal investigation into the other 氏 in accordance with article 278 of the " russian federation criminal law " and has recently formally filed charges against the 莫斯科 court in moscow .
it is learned that the russian federation 's general prosecutor 's office has filed a criminal case against others in february 2006 , and it was also confirmed that the two sides had attempted to seize the force in an attempt to win the russian regime in a 流亡 .
因别氏 has been in exile abroad , and it cannot extradite the case to the country , and the russian side temporarily suspended the investigation of the case in january 2007 .
the russian prosecutor 's court started the trial on the other criminal case in exile in exile in july , the russian general prosecutor accused 别列佐夫斯基 of 鲸吞 资金 , a russian airline , to be given a court inquiry , a 钱 - 卢布 ruble , and a court hearing .
the 别氏 said that all these were the 闹剧 farce , which clearly prohibits the participation of their defense lawyers .
( bi yuan )
guangxi 's 135 responsibilities , which are monitored by administrative efficiency , were investigated and held accountable for the 追究 .
since the beginning of this year , various localities and departments in guangxi have carried out the activities of improving the work style of cadres , and the implementation of the system of accountability system for the first question is the " three systems " and the number of key departments directly under the central authorities has been included in the supervision work on the supervision of administrative efficiency .
as of now , 19 people have been held accountable for their responsibility .
the reporter learned from the discipline inspection commission of the autonomous region of 广西壮族 that the guangxi autonomous region has initially formed a network of supervision on the administrative efficiency of county - level counties , 三级 county , and the county , and has been fully monitoring the responsibilities of the key departments .
the administrative efficiency of the autonomous region has directly linked the 电子 to 135 key departments directly under the direct examination and approval departments of the investment environment and the masses of the people , and further standardized the examination and approval behavior .
at the same time , discipline inspection and supervision organs at all levels in guangxi have investigated cases involving the damage of the work style of the masses , and the investigation of 件 cases has been investigated and verified , and the total number of cases investigated and wound up has been investigated and investigated .
ma tieshan , member of the standing committee of the guangxi zhuang autonomous regional cpc committee , said on 5 may that administrative efficiency supervision is a work that accompanied administrative activities and should gradually form a long - term mechanism .
guangxi should further improve and standardize various rules and regulations governing administrative management , establish a mechanism and mechanism for supervising administrative efficiency , and incorporate the efficiency supervision process into the standardized orbit of standardization , and to ensure the implementation of the system of accountability and the system of evaluating the results of the complaints .
( reporter wang 立芳 )
nato does not rule out cooperation with us on anti - missile system
in an exclusive interview with xinhua news agency on 9 november , nato information officer 西蒙娜.德曼索 said that it would not rule out the possibility of linking the us antimissile system with nato itself .
西蒙娜.德曼索 said nato is studying the us anti - missile program , and hopes that the us anti - missile bases will cover all european allies .
she said that nato has its own theater missile defense system and has started to discuss the establishment of a strategic missile defense system , and it is impossible to have the us anti - missile system with nato 's own defense system .
she also said that the united states will exchange information with russia through various channels in the course of establishing a anti - missile system in europe .
( reporter ding 宜孙 )
two jordanian people sentenced to attack the united states
the two men were sentenced to the prison of jordan on 11 november for plotting to attack the americans in jordan .
the two men , aged 25 , were sentenced to imprisonment for eight years , while the other was sentenced to imprisonment for eight years , while the other was sentenced to three years ' imprisonment plus a mandatory sentence of 劳役 .
the court heard that the defendant was charged with illegal possession of firearms and police officers at his residence in the raid .
the court decided to sentence 胡塔 life imprisonment to life imprisonment , and later , it was considered that the prison term was reduced to eight years .
the indictment said the two defendants decided to attack the americans who were bullied by the americans after the outbreak of the iraq war , thus plotting to attack the americans in jordan .
they identified a americans who lived in suburban jordan suburb of jordan in august 2006 but were arrested before they were attacked .
the indictment did not make public the identity of the american .
the indictment also accused the two of the attacks of other americans , but did not disclose details of the matter .
( reporter su 小坡 )
report on adverse reactions to drug - related products
according to reports by the us media on 15 june , the number of heart - to - heart reports caused by the anti - diabetes drugs , such as the heart of the disease , has recently appeared in the united states .
the us food and drug administration published a security warning in may this year , suggesting that diabetes patients be cautious in the issue of the issue of the " 新英格兰 medical magazine " published by the scientists on 21 may , and this kind of popular drug will increase the incidence rate and death rate of patients .
the safety of 迪 is therefore subject to close attention by doctors and patients .
statistics show that after issuing a safety warning , the us administration has received a report of 357 reaction from the us administration of medicine , which is 38 deaths .
in january and february this year , the authority received only 50 reports of adverse reactions from the public .
these adverse reactions have turned into the foam of sudden water and sudden death .
however , the drug experts of the us drug control bureau believe that the conclusion of the article is not safe now .
the drug control authority will hold a hearing on the safety of 文迪 on july 30 .
the wen wei po published in 1999 was an increase in the number of 敏 剂 , which applied to treatment of Ⅱ diabetes .
about 6 million diabetes patients have taken or are taking the text of the article .
the british manufacturer , british glaxosmithkline , has always believed that wen 迪雅 is safe and 弊 to the patients .
us wants to resume peace talks in the middle east
us president bush delivered a speech in washington on 16 june calling for a meeting of the arab arab states and other relevant countries in the palestinian state of palestine in the fall this autumn to invite the arab arab states and other relevant countries to join the peace process in the middle east .
on 17 july , bush also called on egyptian president hosni mubarak and saudi king abdullah ii , saudi king abdullah ii , to actively respond to the proposal , and support palestinian national authority chairman abbas in helping palestine and israel resume peace talks at an early date .
abbas says plo central committee will discuss early elections
palestinian national authority chairman abbas said on 18 june that the two - day meeting of the plo central committee ( plo ) central committee will discuss issues such as the two - day meeting of the palestinian national authority and the legislative council .
the president said that the plo 's central committee would be able to release the 命令 legal order , and the other would be released soon after the plo 's central committee decided to release the decision .
at the same time , abbas is satisfied with the relations between the palestinian national authority and the eu .
he said that the palestinian side welcomes the understanding of the eu 's measures to the palestinian president .
abbas urged the eu to continue providing humanitarian aid to palestinian people in gaza .
solana reiterated the eu 's support for abbas and the palestinian people .
the middle east issue concerned will be held on 19 july , the united states , the united states , the united states , the united states , the united states , the united states , the united states , the united states , the united states , the united states , the united states , the united states , the united states , the united states , the united states , the united states , the united states and the united states .
solana said that the eu had a positive attitude toward deploying international troops in gaza , but it still needs to discuss with other parties , especially with the united nations .
( reporter wang zhiqiang )
jiangxi to give a prize to the health personnel in the rural areas
a large number of health professionals have taken root in the rural areas for a long time to come to work in the health of the grass roots and the health of the peasants .
jiangxi province recently decided to issue “ million yuan in health care workers to the rural areas who have taken root in the rural areas for 30 years .
the health professionals of the town and township medical schools , which are in charge of medical specialized technical work in the township and town hospitals , have been awarded the award of the awards for the work of health care technical personnel in towns and townships , and the work of the 村 village and 村 village in 麻风 township , jiangxi province .
the first batch of confirmed calculations was in the end of july .
in addition to the certificate of honor of the rural health care workers who are in the countryside , jiangxi province will give priority to giving preferential treatment and appropriate preferences to the work of recruiting 荣誉奖 certificates of health in rural health in addition to the 30 years of awarding the rural health work .
professional examination will be set up separately with the professional competence of the first - class assessment , and the criteria for assessing scientific research and papers should be relaxed to be relaxed , and qualified appointment will be given priority .
jiangxi province 's health department will arrange a certain number of places for recuperation and infirmary in a certain year , providing funds for the funds .
starting this year , jiangxi province will launch a work of recommending 、 ” , who is a public health service honorary for rural health in the rural areas for 30 years .
( reporter li 美娟 )
us defense department considers reducing us military plan to reduce us troops stationed in europe
us defense department officials said on 23 june that due to the changes in the iraq war and the changes in the world situation , the us department of defense is reconsidering the plan to reduce the number of us troops stationed in europe in 2002 .
the us media quoted a defense ministry official as saying that due to the iraq war , the us defense department 's leadership has raised doubts about the feasibility of reducing the troops stationed in europe , the defense department 's leadership plan for the european military forces .
in 2002 , secretary of defense rumsfeld announced that the united states would reduce the number of troops stationed in europe from 11.3万 to 7.1万 , and build a new type of army with less than “ million skilled workers .
at present , the total strength of us troops in europe has dropped to 100,000 .
however , in june this year , commander of the us command 克拉多克 克拉多克 submitted a report to the current defense minister gates , and raised questions about the reduction plan .
the report said that while reducing troop strength , the us troops in europe have been transferred to iraq and afghanistan in turns , causing shortages of us troops stationed in europe and cannot be carried out in normal cooperation with european allies .
the report recommends stopping the reduction of us troops stationed in europe .
relevant us experts believe that the above phenomena have shown that the iraq war has been disrupted and the us military 's original plan for the settlement of the issue has been disrupted .
( reporter yang 晴川 )
shandong 胶州 胶州 to send transportation safety film to the community for the construction of a new town
qingdao , july 26 ( reporter song 学春 ) , by reporter 学春 fan
the city was also the place where the city 's 交警 town was located in 龙 town , 、 town , 、 city , 山东省 city , 山东省 city , shandong province , on 20 - 8 july .
before the movie , the traffic police brigade will print a letter from the traffic accident , a " 、 , a public letter to the public , " and some publicity materials to the public , and broadcast a special feature of the " traffic accident " and a special feature of the special traffic model on school .
the tragedy in the film drew the people 's admiration and a bloody scene .
in particular , the special feature of " school education " is to enable primary school pupils to understand and watch the book through cartoon - style forms and also receive profound education .
this movie attracted 名 residents around the square , and in particular , some young people who came to work in the city were sitting in the center of the venue and watching them with interest .
the project was launched by the public in the village , which was also a popular and popular education education .
health ministry : public health care system to be implemented gradually
to better implement the " decision on the decision of the food hygiene law " and 10 other areas of areas such as the " decision on the food hygiene law , " the ministry of health has conducted experiments on the pilot system of the " regulations on the work of food safety , " namely , the city 's 海淀区 city , tianjin municipality , 泰州市 、 , 泰州市 city , zhejiang province , and wuhan city , sichuan province , hubei province , hubei province , sichuan province , sichuan province , sichuan province , sichuan province
this system will gradually spread to the whole country .
the health ministry said the public health department had been monitoring and cleaning the food and environmental hygiene of food and beverage units , and the public health situation was 良好 and 消毒 .
the public health ministry will also provide a public health inspection and inspection hotline to the public for the health of the restaurant , the health supervision and management agency , and the public health service .
( reporter hu 其峰 )
un decides to extend peacekeeping mission in ethiopia
the un security council unanimously adopted a resolution on 30 june to extend the term of office of the un peacekeeping force to ethiopia and eritrea for six months to 31 january next year .
the resolution calls for the parties concerned to exercise their commitments , exercise restraint , ease the tense situation , avoid provocative military activities , appeal to eritrea to pull its troops and heavy military equipment to the temporary security zone , and urge ethiopia to reduce its military presence in the near future .
the resolution requires ethiopia to immediately take concrete steps to enable the eritrean border committee to quickly 标定 the border , demanding that eritrea stop delaying the operation of the mission of 厄 and eritrea .
the resolution reiterated that the work of the eritrean - egyptian border committee would be fully supported and the committee decided to hold a meeting with the eritrean side on 6 september in new york .
in 1998 , the eritrean and ethiopia border broke out , causing more than 70,000 people to death .
in june 2000 , ethiopia and eritrea signed a ceasefire agreement in algiers , capital of algeria .
the united nations began deploying peacekeeping troops in ethiopia and eritrea in july 2001 to supervise the implementation of the cease - fire agreement between the two countries .
( reporter wu zhiqiang )
china to open olympic games to olympic games
chengdu , june 30
the theme of the party central committee 's instructions on building a harmonious socialist society is to play a part in the cultural and sports life of the people , the 奥运 奥运 30日 30日 , the 县级 奥运 , and the 奥运 奥运 邀请赛 邀请赛 30日 30日 30日 30日 战幕 战幕 战幕 .
the six - day race has attracted 10 - odd - year - old male basketball teams from all parts of the country .
according to the regulations , athletes participating in this competition must be amateur players and age aged 18 or above .
the department will not sign any professional and professional athletes from the sports and professional athletes administration of the state sports general administration in 2006 .
the latest examination of the " basketball rules " of the chinese basketball association , the competition , is divided into two stages and final stage .
the competition is sponsored by the basketball association of china 's sports association , the china international sports travel company , and other host countries .
in recent years , the cultural and sports undertakings , which have over 2,000 years of history , have developed rapidly , and the number of special honors and other honors and the host of the national sports advanced units in the national sports advanced counties in the country have been awarded a series of awards for the national sports advanced .
in particular , the construction of the rural sports system should be combined with the rural areas ' “ and green landscape , and the building of the sports system will be built in the rural areas , so as to improve and improve the physical quality of the sports and sports system .
three major functions of modern military uniforms
first , identification function .
the military is different from the important symbols of military branches and the people of different arms and services in different countries .
although the military of more than 100 countries in the world is the same as the military uniform , there is no military uniform in the military .
second , it symbolizes functions .
to a certain extent , military uniform is a reflection of the national character of a country , and is also a concentrated expression of the military 's ability to combat the military 's combat capability .
in the three major military uniforms in dress - style clothes , the most powerful military and martial arts is the best manifestation of the prestige of the national prestige and the beauty of the army .
third , the function of protection is protected .
with rapid development of new weapons and equipment , the comprehensive protection of new training suits , which has made the general defense department with bulletproof 、 防 anti - chemical radiation prevention and control 、 , and the 湿 调 调 调 , the primary problem of the development of the military uniform .
( shi wei )
party committee organs in a big team dare to resolve tough problems
chengdu , july 3
裔 报道 , who is in the apartment , is the first to be able to get the housing room to be resolved and the determination of the team 's office to clear the housing .
today , a dozen of cadres in a communications training brigade of the chengdu military region have been filled with a hard work style of hard work and hard work . they are full of admiration and gratitude for the tough problems of the party committee of the regiment .
in the past few years , with the change of personnel , the number of the unit 's 家属楼 was violated in violation of regulations , making the work of serving cadres difficult and the officers ' officers and soldiers have a relatively large view of this view .
the group has also once again cleared several houses , and all kinds of obstacles have not been able to make this issue a big and big old one .
if we dare to be sincere and reasonable , we will not be able to solve the problem that can not be solved .
after the new party committee reached a consensus , principal leaders personally came forward to take the initiative to thoroughly screen all the problems that had been occupied by the houses .
on the one hand , they have made the best use of the situation to convince the people , convince them to take the overall situation into consideration , and have a clear understanding of the relevant policies and regulations of the army 's apartment housing housing room .
the party committee organs have promptly contacted their units in their own units and adopted corresponding measures to promote their own initiative .
after two months of meticulous work , all the unauthorized occupants of the barracks have moved out of the housing , and the brigade 's work cadres have been assigned to the housing department according to regulations .
the party committee of the brigade has dared to confront tough work style and produce a chain reaction , which has been in line with the original organization of the organization and distribution of the organization . today , it has also expressed its subordinate to the organization and decision - making .
qiao qingchen meets bangladesh air force chief
beijing , july 9
the chinese military delegation , lieutenant general 、 清晨 , met with 齐奥.拉赫曼 齐奥.拉赫曼 , chief of staff of the bangladesh air force , in beijing today .
qiao qingchen said that since china and bangladesh established diplomatic relations , bilateral relations have developed smoothly , and high - level exchanges and cooperation have been constantly strengthened , and friendly exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been constantly strengthened .
both countries have trusted each other in international affairs and their respective countries , and they have trusted each other in close coordination with each other .
china appreciates and thanks bangladesh for its support to china on the taiwan issue , and tibet 's human rights , and other issues .
qiao qingchen said that the chinese armed forces treasure friendly relations with bangladesh 's armed forces , and hope that the two countries will further expand the friendly cooperation in the fields of mutual understanding and cooperation , and to enhance friendly exchanges and cooperation between the two armies .
qi said bangladesh will make positive efforts to further develop friendly exchanges and cooperation between the two armies , especially the air force of the two countries .
he reiterated that bangladesh will continue to adhere to the one - china policy .
before the meeting , qiao qingchen held a welcoming ceremony for 齐奥 .
qi arrived in beijing on 8 july for an official friendly visit to china at the invitation of qiao qingchen .
chinese military chief designer meets chinese military network
yang 宝金 , a reporter from the pla , said : the whole army will successively change the military uniform on 1 august after the whole army will be successively put in wear .
this evening , china 's military network specially invited the deputy director of the logistics department of the general logistics department , chen jun , and senior engineer of the logistics department of the general logistics department , and was a guest of the chinese military .
the two guests were the direct participant of the design of the 军服 .
when talking about changes in the new military uniform , they said that 7 - 07 military uniform is designed to improve several hundred and several hundred in the military uniform , and several hundred improvements in the pattern of military uniforms .
the most salient characteristic of the military uniform is that the requirement of a humane nature of 人性化 - 、 functions has enabled the military to achieve a complete series of coordinated standards for the first three services of the army , which marks a historic leap in the level of military uniform building .
the two guests also exchanged views on the variety of types of varieties of 款式 , 、 , and 等 , and other types of 嘉宾 .
the interview was jointly sponsored by the chinese military network and the internet website of china netcom network .
building platform for the armed forces armed forces to upgrade the quality of military cadres
on 18 june , the " psychological warfare under informatized conditions under the conditions of fighting " by lu 宇青 , a native of 靖江市 county , jiangsu province , was received unanimously by the trainees of the training class .
this is the case of the people 's armed forces in the city with their actual work posts , and the work of the people 's armed forces in the military has been put into force to make new changes in the comprehensive quality of military cadres .
at the beginning of this year , when the party committee of the armed forces department found out that some of the work periods for the officers and men were long , they were not devoted to arming their minds with their duties , and they did not concentrate their main energy on arming their armed forces .
for this reason , they have adopted a centralized training method for training the local party school , and on the basis of the method of training local party schools , to work hard to solve problems such as the limited knowledge of the knowledge of military cadres , and the unitary knowledge of the knowledge of cadres .
the central task should be carried out boldly and assigned to the task of assigning special force to the task of assigning duty to cadres , and improving their ability to work at posts through training .
at the same time , they actively coordinate local organizations and jointly formulate " the plan for appointing specialized cadres " and clearly stipulating that 武装部长 must be required to be party committees at the same level and no longer concurrently as other posts .
we have established a mechanism for readjusting and exchanging military cadres , and we should promptly adjust and exchange the work of exchanging and exchanging old - age armed forces with high - level military cadres , promptly adjusting and exchanging the work ability of the general quality of the grassroots units , and giving them a strong ability to promote comprehensive quality .
not long ago , chen 益松 , director of the armed forces department of the new century shipbuilding company , led the militia in the welding technology of the militia technology detachment to fill the gap in the country 's blank and has been upgraded to the department 's department of armed forces .
good start is still good
the result of the match was reasonable , and it was a reasonable match , and the chinese team was acceptable to the chinese team , and the key was the process of the competition .
if iran leads 2 - 0 , then china will score the score , and the chinese team will be 扳平 , and it will be very long to feel the same , and it is a very long way to go .
it is not easy to end the matter well , and it can be said that the chinese team is a old old man .
the chinese team often is not playing soccer with a good situation , and ordinary people 's views are not perfect enough in the psychological quality of chinese players .
this is indeed a reason why china 's team cannot be a good friend of the chinese team .
but from the chinese team 's competition today , it seems that it is not all .
sun 祥 , sun xiang , zheng 祥 , zheng zhi , and others , who did not say in europe , did not say that li wei was a veteran veteran , and they said that they would not have any problems in their psychological quality .
the chinese team 's regret was strongly rejected by iran 's team , and the reason was that the deployment of the force was ineffective .
the iranian team changed the two to two , and the scene was changed immediately .
the chinese team also changed three players in the second half , and the results were not good .
we must find out the root cause of the problem and find out the root cause of the problem .
if the problem is accurately identified , it is not difficult to find out the problem of correcting problems .
afraid of being afraid of being thrown into hospital by a 急病 .
if this way , the chinese team will play more matches , and old problems will also be committed , and it will be impossible to kick up a further move to enter the game .
public security ministry gives guangdong border defense corps a citation for collective merit
our newspaper , shenzhen , july 18
li qi reported : over the years , the hospital of guangdong border defense corps has done a good job in providing relief and relief assistance , and the masses of the people of the province have been making full use of their assistance to help the masses of the people .
this morning , the ministry of public security gave a grand meeting to a guangdong border defense corps hospital to be awarded a report on collective merit , a grand event and a report on the advanced deeds of the government and the government .
the guangdong border defense corps hospital has built three special - purpose hospitals in phuket , shenzhen , in the southern part of shenzhen , and the city has set up three special - purpose hospitals in the 宝安 field in 布吉 , shenzhen , for medical treatment .
the hospital has specially provided a 爱心 - free service for migrant workers , and the peasant workers are also required to pay 12 yuan for medical care and support for migrant workers .
this measure has benefited 12,000 farmers .
since 2003 , the hospital has launched a 点 - 点 show of 爱心 , a large - scale love and health care activity , and a total of eight times , and the 白内障 手术 手术 云南 青海 青海 青海 青海 青海 青海 云南 云南 , 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the armed police force changed its style of 7 - 07 .
the armed police force will gradually change its style of costume from 1 august to 1 july .
today , the reporter has seen from 7 : 07 in the armed police force a ceremony and a dress demonstration demonstration , and the current change of dress shows that the seven - category costumes of the 服装 dress show , and four categories of 服饰 dress .
wearing apparel is the 缝 green adjustment , the current green adjustment is all painted with the 时代感 , the overall design of the times , the overall design of the times , the establishment of the model , and the state costume .
female officers and men are changed to 卷 canopies , police officers 冬常服 冬常服 , and 改为 - shaped structure , and spring autumn is changed to 猎装 design .
the new name card , chapter 、 , and the 章 national defense service chapter 、 , the badge for the new badge , the badge for re - designing , the badge for 设计 , and the 帽徽 标 , have strengthened the function of clothing identification and strengthened the aesthetic sense .
the armed police will be transferred to the end of the year .
before august 1 , 2007 , the regiment was ordered to send a formal box of formal training to the officers and men of the military and the national flag , and the 文工团 military band , which was in beijing for the first time , was often held in the autumn .
in may 2008 , the new year 's day was replaced by 标志 学员 , a veteran soldier who was able to send a spring festival to the other troops .
in october 2008 , the officer was replaced by a 冬常服 jacket .
the 2009年 was replaced by soldiers in december .
and to submit to the 2008 stage of the exercise .
教育 教育 教育 教育 教育 教育 教育 教育 教育 教育 教育
jfjb : ' small 散远 ' education organization 's education organization 's education organization 's ' 现象 ' in the case of the second artillery corps , the phenomenon of small and weak troops in their own battle is going to become a history of history .
recently , the reporter learned that after half a year 's trial , the base has issued the " implementation method for implementing the outline of ideological and political education " and the " implementation of the method of conducting the ideological and political education of the bases " covering several areas of cooperation with the base .
to effectively implement the " outline of ideological and political education , " the base organized a thorough investigation of the current situation of the ideological and political education of small 散远 units , and sorted out the key issues that influence and restrict the time of education and the work of conducting a small - scale education .
specific methods of cooperation are to break down the demarcation line of units , take the lead in unified planning of the main theme of the brigade and regiment units at the regiment level , and have a long - range discussion of the theme of the theme - oriented education .
the education forces should be able to unify their educational efforts with the education forces , and the experience of the data in various units will be shared regularly .
a full - time education liaison liaison officer and part - time education information are set up in each district .
on this basis , the various cooperative zones have also established a number of important issues of emergency and practical education for helping major education , and the evaluation and evaluation system of the major educational zones .
zhang 升民 , director of the political department of the base , told the reporter that the establishment of a political education coordination zone has reduced the waste of educational resources and has deepened the educational results .
some political instructors fear that they will lose their points in front of the officers and men of foreign units and learn new knowledge and explore new ways to study new knowledge .
the officers and men are also actively digesting the contents of education and being afraid of discussing and differentiating and differentiating between officers and men in neighboring units .
in this way , the enthusiasm of educators and educators has been effectively stimulated .
the number of repair teams of a certain repair unit of the north sea fleet is divided into the soldiers .
in a repair team led by zhang 伟亮 , deputy chief engineer of the beihai fleet , on 17 july , the brigade led 31 soldiers in the regiment to go to beidaihe for a train for recuperation .
雒 , the chief superintendent of the six - level nco , told the reporter that the leader of the 大队 group showed concern for soldiers , so that we were deeply moved by the situation , and we would redouble our efforts to work hard .
organize grassroots soldiers to work for the first time , and are still the first time .
not long ago , yao 青生 , commander of the group , saw in depth that some soldiers who were responsible for repairing work were in the midst of high temperature and were deeply moved by the high temperature .
the party committee members of the party committee should care for soldiers and the soldiers , and the party committee at the meeting was unanimously endorsed by the people .
after the party committee 's study , the decision to distribute the upper level to the unit 's infirmary places will be assigned to the soldiers who are in the frontline .
the work of making public affairs in the jinan military region has made the hot spot of the jinan military region not hot .
our staff reporter ,
wang 维钦 , special correspondent , reported on 25 july that a piece of public announcements on the project of transferring troops to the party were mounted in a window of the " 勤务 " of a unit of the jinan military region .
the political commissar su 成森 said that this was a concrete move taken by the ministry of the ministry of public affairs to promote the open system of affairs .
this year , the party committee of this unit has made a decision on the issue of " supervision of the grassroots units , " and the results of the work of the grassroots officers and soldiers .
the unit has set up a 意见箱 栏 示 栏 , and has opened up a bulletin boards on the lan and extensively collected opinions from everyone .
at the beginning of this year , the soldiers were building decoration and renovation projects in the dormitory , extensively solicited opinions from officers and men , and then issued public bidding information , and carried out open bidding .
it saved the funds and won the support of officers and soldiers .
and the work of making public affairs openly and fairly has led to the formation of good atmosphere in the grass roots .
in this unit , no matter whether the grassroots companies are determined to be the hot - button sensitive issues , they have all insisted on issuing public announcements on the day of their daily vacation and their daily necessities of paying attention to their daily necessities .
( international ) research shows that housing shakes the two genes
xinhua news agency , london , july 2 , iceland 's scientists have found out that the risk of 变异 of two genes that mutation the body of two genes is far higher than ordinary people .
according to the latest issue of the " natural " magazine , researchers from “ gene gene company , iceland , have obtained the above discovery after the genetic tests of thousands of people from the united states of 、 in iceland and hong kong and china in the region of china .
the gene is also a kind of gene that is very important for scientists to identify genes and brain development in the early days .
the 房 颤动 颤动 颤动 颤动 颤动 颤动 , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , 以及 .
the researchers also reported two genes related to 癌 gene , which was published on the 17 th of the year , and the researchers played a role in more than one third of the 染色体 cases .
the research also found that one of the genes was also lower than the risk of raising the risk of 人 cancer .
( sports ) us old goalkeeper 凯勒 赛后 may retire after the end of the world cup
xinhua news agency , 马拉开波 , venezuela , july 3 , by wire ( reporter jian liu )
the us team , aged 37 , said in an interview that if the match could not be found after the match , he would choose to retire , and he would choose to retire .
if the “ matches between the two to six weeks after the end of the match , i could not get a contract for a high - level match between the league of high - level matches and may be a choice of my mistake .
with the 队 team falling into germany , 凯勒 also left the team of two teams that had been in the same race for more than two season season .
although kerry wanted to get his hands , he was obviously not worried about his 下家 , he said frankly that there were now eight teams who have been invited to join the team .
but the old 门神 , who had served the west and the german primera liga , said how to choose the family would be the only choice of the nine years of age , and he had three different choices , and i now choose to take three different different schools to make my own choice .
the gold cup , which was completed not long ago , helped the american team to win the championship .
the current american cup matches were still being sent by head coach 布拉 , but it was difficult to beat the four men , with the us team , who was “ young , and the two matches were held seven times .
the next match between columbia and columbia is very likely to be the last performance of the us team and the 凯勒 .
( overseas chinese ) black mobile phones to be shipped to china at end of august
ottawa , july 4 ( xinhua ) after eight years of efforts , the black 莓 of the canadian RIM company , the black 莓 , finally entered the chinese market , and the first black cell phone will be listed in china at the end of august .
RIM 吉姆.鲍尔西利 , chief executive officer of RIM , said that he will introduce black 莓 mobile phone service to commercial customers in beijing , shanghai , and guangzhou .
the " post of the world post " quoted a manager of the beijing office of RIM beijing office , saying that the black - 莓 cell phone will be landed in china at the end of august , with a price of about $ 700 , and now 5,000 orders have been received .
鲍尔西利 said that the apple company 's listing last week has attracted people 's attention to the intelligent cell phone , and the black 莓 cell phone has now sold more than 100 countries in the world .
according to statistics , the number of new users in the black sea cell phone in the first quarter of this year increased by 1.2 - million , with the total number of users reaching 920万 .
( international ) spanish man and masked woman arrested for killing
xinhua news agency , madrid , july 7 , a masked chechen woman attacked the chechen woman , and she was found to have fallen prey to the culprits and found that the assailants were their husbands and police have arrested him .
according to the media here , the woman worked in a bakery in valencia city .
one day , a masked man stormed into the shop , thought she was a robber , and told him that he had left the drawer to leave the drawer .
but the man did not take money , but tried to cut the woman 's neck , and wanted to kill her .
she was trying to escape the fate of her life , but the man still did not put her off , and she kicked her neck and tore her neck .
during the struggle , the woman was covered by the ruffian , but he was surprised to find that her husband was a husband .
the assailants have been arrested by the police .
the victim told the media that she and her husband were working for divorce , and they had two children .
thirteen pilots of the pilot company , 反诉 , 辞职 , 索赔 , 索赔 , 索赔 , 索赔 ,
xinhua news agency , wuhan , july 11th , by reporter yang liu and 曙初
thirteen pilots have made a huge compensation single compensation card , which is the largest amount of compensation filed by hubei 's eastern airlines , the eastern airlines of china , the wuhan oriental airlines , and the hubei province 's limited liability .
the investigation of the dispute dispute committee is now being tried in hubei province .
in may this year , 13 eastern china airlines pilots submitted their resignations successively , and were refused by the company .
later , the pilot submitted a labor arbitration application to the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee in early june , asking the ruling to terminate the labor relations between the wuhan company and wuhan company .
after receiving the response from the wuhan company , the wuhan company made a request to the 13 pilots to pay the losses of more than 6 million yuan to the labor contract , ranging from the amount of the labor contract to the 10 million yuan .
it is understood that the pilot and eastern airlines signed a fixed labor contract without fixed terms of labor contracts , except for terminating conditions or lifting conditions , and labor contracts will continue to be the legal retirement age of the pilot .
the investigation and handling of the case by the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee will be handled by the end of august , and it is expected that the trial will be concluded before 8 august .
germany calls for russia to pass border treaty with russia
xinhua news agency , riga , july 12 ( reporter yang 德洪 ) visiting german foreign minister steinmeier on 12 july called on russia to pass the russian border treaty as soon as possible .
施泰因迈 held talks with latvian foreign minister 拉脱维亚 拉脱维亚 on the same day , mainly discussing issues such as relations between 拉德 and latvia , and the development of relations between the two countries , and the development of relations between russia and russia .
at a news conference after the talks , steinmeier called on russia to pass the russian border treaty as soon as possible .
steinmeier said that the pace of improving relations between latvia and the baltic states is relatively slow . the signing process of the russian border treaty bears witness to the development of russian - russian relations , but the shadow of the history of russia can be further pushed forward .
after a decade of negotiations , latvian prime minister fradkov and russian prime minister fradkov signed the border treaty between the two countries in moscow .
on 17 may , the parliament passed the russian border treaty .
according to the latvian media , the russian parliament will vote on the treaty in the near future .
dprk , rok to hold general - level talks
xinhua news agency , pyongyang , july 16 , by wire ( reporter 浩荣 gao )
the military representatives of the dprk and the rok held routine talks on the 16th in panmunjom , and the two sides agreed to hold the sixth general - level talks between the 24 th and 26 th .
according to the report by the korean central news agency , the dprk military representative colonel pak chae - il proposed the proposal of setting up a joint fishing zone between the western waters of the dprk and the island of belarus , which was in the western sea area of the dprk , and gave a detailed explanation of its reasons .
he said : the establishment of a joint fishing zone must be carried out in the principle of seeking the maximum national unity and prosperity , and ensuring peace and stability .
on the issue of disputed sea boundaries , pak said that the two sides should abandon their respective border demarcation lines , recognize each other , respect the relevant agreements between the dprk and the rok , and regard the relevant agreements as the basis for the korean armistice agreement and internationally recognized law as consultations .
he said that the timely formulation of military support measures to promote the cooperation between the dprk and the rok is a stand that the dprk military has always adhered to .
he said that the rok side should take measures to protect the dprk 's non - governmental vessels from the 海州港 island and the free passage of cheju channel .
this is the second routine contact between the two koreas since the beginning of the 10 th military talks on 10 july .
the fifth general - level talks between the dprk and the rok were held on 8 - 11 may at the 板门店 palace , which is on the side of the dprk side .
hyundai motor denies intention to acquire volvo
xinhua news agency , seoul , july 18 , a spokesman for the hyundai motor company of korea said on 18 july that the company had no intention of acquiring any brands of volvo or ford company under the company of 沃尔沃 .
the times and the new york times all reported the news of ford 's possible sale of volvo 's volvo .
the sunday times reported even more in the report that hyundai motor is a potential buyer of volvo .
a spokesman for the hyundai motor company said that “ 我们 , a 收购 or 路 , was busy with the acquisition of 沃尔沃 现代 , and was busy with his expansion plan at the moment .
in 1999 ford 's spending of $ 64.5亿 billion was bought from sweden by volvo 's volvo .
volvo , 、 and 虎 , are all subordinate to ford 's main automobile group ( PAG ) .
in march this year , ford , who fell into the loss of a loss of $ PAG , sold 阿斯顿.马丁 million dollars under the 8.48亿 - 美元 , and said last month that it would consider selling the tiger and leopard .
( sports ) cuba complaining that the rope in boxing is too short
xinhua news agency , rio de janeiro , july 21 , by wire ( reporter 威华 chen and 冷 、 )
the cuban delegation complained on 21 august that the rope in the pan - blue camp was too short , and would affect the 发挥 level of the 水平 .
according to the rules of the international 拳 , the rope in the international competition should be 6.1 meters long , but the rope in the pan - asian cup , which was the first leg of the 拳击 team 's boxing team , was more than 1 meter shorter than the standard .
罗克 said that we have submitted a formal protest , because this is not an impact on cuba , but it involves all people .
the rope will affect the evasion of the 闪避 .
he also jokingly said : if you find it impossible to find the rope in the olympic games , you can find out other places in other places .
as early as , we brought from cuba .
the mexican and colombian delegations also expressed their dissatisfaction over the rope in boxing .
although the colombian 拳手 朱利奥.代尔比斯 won the first battle , he said : although i won the first match , i was very narrow , but i felt that it was very narrow , but i felt that i was not feeling comfortable .
白兔 恢复 exports to overseas distributors
xinhua news agency , shanghai , july 24 ( reporter xu 寿松 ) reporter xu 寿松 , a reporter from the 冠 , learned from the first - ever 生 that the large 白兔 of shanghai port had been recently recovered , and many overseas distributors also demanded additional orders .
经销商 林 , a distributor of the 经销商 company in singapore , said a few days ago that due to the sampling sample by singapore 's agriculture and veterinary bureau , the 销售 of the 新加坡 could be sold on the market , thus demanding additional orders for the market .
the malaysian distributor , hsbc , who is the first to be born , said that he demanded that the garden of the garden be immediately shipped from shanghai to malaysia .
the 经销商 , a distributor of the hong kong distributor , also called the 园 restaurant , which was confirmed to be a sample of 白兔 样本 in hong kong 's supermarket , and confirmed that formaldehyde was found in the 超市 .
the trading company limited has received notification from hong kong resources supermarkets that the sale of more than 100 shops in hong kong has been resumed in hong kong .
it was learned that the 10 containers for holding a shanghai port for a time have gradually resumed exports .
at present , seven major 白兔 奶糖 奶糖 , the 白兔 , is now moving to the 美国 美国 , the united states , 等 马来西亚 , 新加坡 , singapore , and other countries .
( international ) suspect of the threat of a bomb threat to british supermarket
xinhua news agency , london , july 26 , the british police announced on july 26 that the criminal suspect who was in the 英国 supermarket in “ supermarket in the united kingdom in mid - july was arrested in 克利瑟罗 city , 兰开斯特郡 city .
police said that the man was called 菲利普.麦克 , 51 , and he was charged with blackmail and manufacturing of a bomb , which was blamed and made for causing panic in the people .
on july 14 ( saturday ) , 14 british “ 超市 supermarket , a british 全国 supermarket , was closed for emergency and resumed operation until the next day .
on saturday , the british people 's peak of purchasing the supermarket , the closure order of 14 supermarkets was ordered by the united kingdom to lose the sales revenue of millions of british pounds .
the british police conducted a criminal investigation against the bomb threat and announced that there was no sign of terrorist activities , but might have some economic motives .
( sports ) flower changes to be held in beijing 's 奥运会 季
xinhua news agency , beijing , july 28 ( reporter cui 军强 ) when the olympic games held in beijing next year , high temperature in beijing is expected to become a fresh ocean in beijing .
through changing the technical means and other technical means , researchers have found good ways to increase the color of the olympic games .
the 28日 奥运 新品种 新品种 , a new model of flowers and flowers , will be assessed by the experts , and the 花卉 will be used in the summer of august , which will be the best in the summer of the summer .
in beijing 's summer , it usually can only meet more than 10 flowers blooming , most of the flowers are dead , or it is far from reaching the food .
after making efforts , researchers have made the selection of more than 400 varieties of 品种 varieties of flowers and plants .
the first anniversary of the first anniversary of the beijing 2008 olympics flower exhibition held in haidian park in beijing , and the first anniversary of the opening of the beijing olympics , the scientific research personnel carefully nurtured the flowers and flowers that were not natural blooming in the past year .
turkish ruling party wins parliamentary elections
xinhua news agency , ankara , july 30 ( reporter wang jian ) the final result of the 23 rd election of the supreme election committee of turkey announced on 30 july that the ruling justice and development party won 341 seats in the ruling party and another party to form a cabinet .
in the parliamentary election held on 22 july , the main opposition party won 112 seats in the main opposition party .
the national action party won 71 seats in the election .
in addition to the above three political parties , 26 non - party personages were elected .
turkey 's new parliament will hold its first meeting on august 4 .
all members will be sworn in and will begin their duties .
after that , the parliament will elect new speaker of parliament through secret ballot .
the election was originally scheduled to be held in november , but the presidential election in late april was held by the opposition party , which was just a deputy prime minister and foreign minister of the party , and the parliamentary election was defeated .
