white house urges nuclear inspectors to supervise nuclear inspectors
the white house called on the nuclear inspectors to send nuclear inspectors to monitor north korea 's nuclear reactor , and the white house made this appeal after us president bush talked with south korean president roh moo - hyun .
a spokesman for the white house national security council said today that the two leaders discussed the latest development of the united states and south korea on the north korean nuclear issue and hoped the iaea inspectors would return to north korea soon to monitor the operation of north korea 's nuclear reactor .
the two presidents also welcomed the us - south korean free trade agreement signed yesterday , and will make efforts to ensure the ratification of the agreement by the two parliaments .
experts believe that the plutonium element produced by pyongyang over the past 20 years is sufficient to create 12 nuclear weapons .
after visiting pyongyang last week , christopher hill , special envoy of the six - party talks , said that he expected to close the nuclear reactor in mid - july .
50 killed in rainstorms in western india
during the weekend , india was hit by strong winds and heavy rains in the western part of india .
a total of 43 people were killed and 43 others were killed .
in each of the six to september of each year , monsoon rains brought about a flood of 1.1 billion people in india .
more than half of the victims were swept away by floods , while others were killed by the collapse of houses or electrical wires .
india 's financial center was also affected .
in the 29 、 , the rainfall in bombay was 两百四十三 公厘 .
the chief executive of bombay , 克 , said that only 13 died alone .
an official of the city government called on 15 million people not to go out of the city to protect their own safety .
yesterday rain dropped slightly , and most of the areas in bombay were still flooded today .
india 's rainy season kills nearly 500
according to reports by officials and media , the number of deaths caused by rain in india has climbed to 四百七十四 .
india has recently entered the rainy season in the past week , and the number of casualties and economic losses in the first largest city of mumbai has been reported in india , the largest city in india , according to a government official .
the report pointed out that 卡丹 made the above remarks to reporters when he inspected bombay .
he said : at the same time , india 's largest cotton producing province , which is composed of 27 villages , has suffered serious flooding in 27 villages , with more than 10,000 disaster victims being relocated to safe shelters .
the whole country began to enter the rainy season one week ago , and all residents in various provinces held long drought , but the rain was not expected .
温 网 弃 赛 赛
西班牙 天王 , a spanish 红土 king , won the final victory in the finals of the fight against serbia 's outstanding player 乔科维奇 乔科维奇 , who won the final victory in the final game of 塞尔维亚 , a french open world champion .
on the 16 th of the 16 th national games and the eight - power competition , 乔科维奇 was summoned to the third set , and he had to call a third set of 水 .
the fourth seed , the second seed , won the second seed of 纳达尔 , which led the original 3 - 6 、 , to win the victory .
in addition to the beginning of the game , nadal lost the first set of first set of the first set of the game , and the second - round war broke out on both sides .
satellite image shows iran taps tunnel to protect nuclear installations
commercial satellite imaging shows that commercial satellite imaging shows that a tunnel in the vicinity of iran 's uranium enrichment facility is likely to be to protect nuclear installations in the near future .
these images were taken on june 11 by the united states ( DigitalGlobe ) company and announced on the website of the science and international security institute .
the research institute is set up in washington for non - profit research groups .
the image of the natanz facility is only 2.4 km south of natanz , and the facilities are a uranium enrichment factory .
in a report , analysts said that the tunnel imported from the tunnel was not clear , but it seemed that the road could be access to a tunnel facility and another road could access to the tunnel .
they said that the tunnel facility inside the 山 mountain tunnel will give full play to its best protection role .
un envoy holds nuclear talks with iran
the un international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) today held talks with iranian officials in tehran to resolve the impasse in iran 's nuclear programme .
however , iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad continued to stubbornly resist the pressure from the united nations .
iran insisted that iran would not stop uranium enrichment , but welcomed the latest talks .
he said that the move to install centrifuges can slow or speed up , which is an enforcement problem , but nobody should expect us to give up our rights , but we will not stop this move .
he made this statement after arriving in tehran .
the purpose of this trip is to formulate a set of plans to resolve the unresolved issues triggered by iran 's nuclear programme .
the united nations has imposed two sanctions against iran because of tehran 's failure to freeze uranium enrichment .
海诺宁 伊朗 , iran 's national security advisor to iran 's national security council , held talks with the president of iran 's national security council .
the iranian delegation also included 塞迪 塞迪 , vice chairman of the atomic energy agency and ambassador of the iaea .
state of emergency : palestinian prime minister 法雅德 将 will set up new government
a state of emergency for the palestinian authority to take part in a one - month state of emergency after hamas took part in the palestinian - israeli war , the prime minister asked him to be responsible for organizing the formation of a new government .
「 法雅德 , minister of agriculture and social affairs , told the president that his resignation was accepted by the president , and he also asked him to form a new cabinet responsible for handling day - to - day administrative affairs .
abbas , a trusted follower of abbas , told afp that the resignation of abbas , abbas , ordered him to carry out his duties until he formed a new government .
法雅德 法雅德 , an economic scholar who has been respected , put forward his resignation , which is just procedural and will not shake his position as a prime minister .
in the last few months , france led the palestinian emergency cabinet to take charge of the emergency order announced by abbas after hamas was killed in hamas .
according to the basic law of the palestinian autonomous government , the state of emergency has not been approved by parliament , but it is not more than 30 days , but the self - governing council is paralyzed .
the authority of the government has expired today .
wto to break deadlock in talks
the main negotiations on the world trade organization ( wto ) today proposed that the united states cut its subsidies to agriculture to reduce the import tariffs on industrial products in order to break the deadlock in the doha round of trade negotiations .
according to officials , the new model of the new 「 has requested the united states to lower its subsidies to agriculture for agriculture every year , and the development of the state - owned enterprises will be reduced to below 23 percent to below 23 percent .
these proposals aim to break the deadlock over the past six years , and to reach a compromise agreement with the wto 150 members .
the wto secretary - general pascal lamy said that these proposals are a fair and reasonable basis for achieving a balanced and reasonable goal of balanced development as the guiding agreement .
lamy said that 会员国 member states will not be fully satisfied with the proposed contents , but the problem of differences at present is less common .
he called for intensive talks in the next few weeks .
major quake - producing areas have affected production , production and production
toyota and japan said today that they would cut production or even suspend the production of cars in the country .
on the day before yesterday , the manufacturer of motor vehicles was forced to suspend operation in the northwestern part of tokyo , which has affected the operation of the factory .
toyota , the world 's most popular automaker , will suspend its domestic auto production this evening , a spokesman for the world 's most popular automaker said .
a spokesman for japan 's daily production said that the two japanese factories will temporarily suspend their production operations and reassess the situation on the weekend .
he said two factories have two production lines , one of which will be affected , but the company may increase shift next month to make up for the backward production progress .
the japanese fuji heavy industry company , which is scheduled to suspend production for the three days starting tomorrow , will suspend its production of small cars and assess the situation on the 21 st .
honda said that next week it might temporarily suspend operation of some production lines that depend on zero supply .
at least 10 people were killed , more than 1,000 injured , several hundred houses collapsed , and forced factories in the disaster areas to stop .
worries about panic - buying in indonesia cancelled indonesia 's sale of brand - name green bags
the agency said today that in view of the prevalence of panic - buying in hong kong earlier this month , indonesia has cancelled the sale of british brand - name bags .
a person in charge of 名 店 , located at 广场 square in indonesia 's plaza , said that we have cancelled the environmental protection bags in light of the incident in hong kong .
if the people hit a bag of 140,000 rupees ( about nt $ 四百九十四 million ) , then there was no price tag .
tens of thousands of hong kong people gathered on the 6 th to prepare for buying and selling 、 , which was designed by the british 设计家 AnyaHindmarch , which was not a plastic bag of plastic bags .
the quality of environmental protection is an attempt to replace plastic bags , unexpectedly in london and new york becoming popular targets , and the price of buying web sites has already flown to zero .
the only 「 On 」 」 , who was in indonesia , said that he would not be determined to sell it in a few days .
south korea and taliban direct talks
the afghan taliban organization kidnapped 23 south korean hostages and set up a deadline today to request south korea to withdraw its troops from afghanistan , otherwise the hostages would be killed .
as time passes by second and second , the situation has developed positive and south korean officials have held talks for the first time today .
but at the same time , the taliban said that another hostage was very weak in the body of the kidnapped german hostage , and began to fall into a coma and lose consciousness .
the taliban called on germany and south korea to withdraw their troops from afghanistan , and demanded that these hostages be used in the 33 - year - old guerrilla .
the taliban spokesman , 阿玛迪 , said in a telephone interview with afp , " we contacted south korean representatives directly with south korea 's representatives . "
阿玛迪 said : we hope that the talks will result in the outcome .
the taliban local time ( 台湾 gmt ) was the final deadline for killing south korean hostages .
the guerrillas have been extended twice .
it is difficult for the maritime dispute to reach a consensus in discord between the two koreas .
the three - day north - south high - level military talks on the one - 3 - day north - south korean peninsula dispute broke out today .
in the talks held at panmunjom , the chief representative of north korea , kim chong - il , said : " we have made a conclusion no longer need those talks that have no results . "
the sharp face of the rise was obviously unhappy with south korea , deliberately avoiding the demarcation of the new sea area , replacing the original north limit of 」 」 .
he pointed out that the nll was not legitimate .
the north restricted line of the yellow sea was located at 」 , which was designated by the us military after the end of the korean war in 1953 , but in recent years , it has become the focus of dispute between the two koreas .
south korea said that south korea 's warships illegally intruded into the waters , causing tensions and south korea claimed that this allegation was groundless .
the local waters broke out in june 1999 , causing dozens of north korean sailors to die .
in june 2002 , there was another similar clash , six south koreans unfortunately .
us treasury secretary arrives in china for environmental protection
us treasury secretary colin powell arrived in china yesterday and the united states is sparing no effort to persuade china to carry out the necessary economic reform and environmental protection , especially the issue of the renminbi exchange rate agenda which has attracted much attention .
the us foreign diplomats said that 鲍尔森 went to xining , capital of northwest china 's northwest china , to visit xining .
at present , china has implemented a series of environmental protection plans near qinghai province .
鲍尔森 was transferred to beijing today to discuss with china 's officials in charge of the promotion of strategic economic and strategic dialogue initiated last year .
the us - china strategic economic dialogue was mainly discussed on issues such as environmental protection and environmental protection , and the most important thing was the renminbi exchange rate issue , and us congressmen believed that the rmb was overly undervalued .
the us - china trade deficit is growing rapidly , and pressure within the united states is gradually rising , and congressmen are prepared to take retaliatory action against china 's unfair trade policy .
last week , the senate finance committee overwhelmingly passed a bill demanding that the ministry of finance refer to the list of countries that are fundamentally wrong in monetary exchange and opened the door for economic sanctions against beijing .
us congressmen said that the rmb is undervalued , causing china 's sales of goods to the united states to be very cheap , worsening us - china trade imbalance , and the us trade deficit with china last year .
穆里尼奥坚 says that the 60 - year - old chelsea will completely withdraw from the soccer line
starting from the beginning of the season , 穆里尼奥 's future is a topic of the media , but the portuguese once again stressed that he will stay in london in this summer .
some newspapers have listed 14 new candidates for chelsea , but i will stay in satirical tones in chelsea .
穆里尼奥 reiterated that he hoped that the portuguese team would be able to pick up the portuguese team , and i really want to teach the national team , i believe that the portuguese football federation also hopes to hire me as the team commander .
however , 44 - year - old 穆里尼奥 did not intend to contribute his life to soccer , he said , adding that he would retire before 60 years old , and he did not want to be the year of the year .
i had already made a promise to his wife , i would not be like 罗布森 and 弗格森 , and i had been teaching until 70 years old .
穆里尼奥 said frankly that “ was 60 years old , and i wanted to completely bid farewell to the soccer .
i have a lot of things that i cannot do now .
i do n't want to become a football consultant or director , for example , 巴尔达诺 or 萨基 .
i do n't want to play this role .
i do n't want to become the chairman of a club , i only want to completely bid farewell to football , and emphasize the importance of the 强调 .
( qi liang )
wang bing , wang bing , wang bing , wang bing , 山西 village , shanxi , heard the case ( photo ) .
chinanews . com , july 4 , under the concern of the public , the shanxi provincial intermediate people 's court held the first trial in the first instance of the shanxi 洪洞县 intermediate court this morning .
many domestic media are paying attention to the progress of this case .
some reporters had not been able to conduct interviews because of the relatively cautious local departments .
at present , the trial is still underway .
according to the staff of the criminal court of the 临汾市 intermediate court , it is estimated that the trial will end on that day if the trial is smooth .
however , the case is still unknown .
at around 9 : 00 am , a reporter noticed that the gate of the intermediate court of the city 's intermediate people 's court was outside the gate of the intermediate people 's court , the facial expression of passers - by was calm and normal .
this may be used to the court trial activities .
the result was that there was a result of the law and believed that the law was fair .
a short - term national emblem was seen in the national emblem .
earlier , according to reports , the father of wang bing , the father of wang bing , had already been dismissed by the county party committee 's deputy secretary wang 东记 .
earlier , wang 东记 was dismissed from the post of party branch secretary of the village and was expelled from the party .
in shanxi 's black 砖窑 , which caused the case of wang bing 's criminal 砖窑 , the incident attracted attention at home and abroad at one time . the central authorities issued a request to strictly investigate the matter .
north korea , south korea reach agreement on cooperation in light industry
chinanews.com , july 8
the dprk and the rok have reached an agreement on cooperation in light industry and underground resources on the 7 th .
according to this agreement , the rok will provide the dprk with raw materials and raw materials for light industry and other light industries , and will grant south korea the right to mining some mines in the country .
according to a report by japan 's association for the promotion of light industry , the rok and the dprk held their cooperation in light of light industry and underground resources in three days .
according to this agreement , south korea will provide the dprk with clothing and raw materials for the year this year , with a total value of 98亿 million japanese yen .
in this regard , the dprk will grant south korea the right to exploit three mines .
the south korean government will make use of the cargo ship in the western part of the country on 25 july to transport the first batch of 500 tons of materials to the dprk .
according to the plan , the rok and the dprk jointly launched a survey of the eastern part of the dprk from 28 july .
the south korean government started to offer 400,000 tons of rice aid to the dprk at the end of last month .
after the dprk indicated that it was willing to actively carry out the agreement reached by the six countries , including the nuclear facilities , the dprk - rok economic cooperation became more active .
in lanzhou commodity prices , the explanation of the price hike is 牛肉面 .
chinanews . com , lanzhou , july 10
this afternoon , the municipal pricing bureau of lanzhou city invited relevant departments to hold a forum on the price of the fixed fee .
at the press conference , the spokesman noted that the price of the city pricing bureau and other departments in the city was mainly the main reason for the increase in the price of 牛肉面 price , which exceeded the capacity of residents .
it has been learned that the price increase of the current price is as high as 20 percent , and the figure is the largest since the early 1980 's .
" the government 's behavior is to consider the economic capability of ordinary residents in the region , the highest fixed price for taiwan , and the bureau of commodity prices in lanzhou .
on 26 april , the bureau of bureau of trade and industry of lanzhou city bureau of trade and industry , the bureau of trade and industry of lanzhou city , and other four departments jointly imposed the highest price on the city 's 牛肉面 price , which triggered a strong concern .
it was learned that the forum was aimed at extensively listening to opinions from various circles and soliciting opinions and suggestions for the next step of taiwan 's specific management measures .
this will be the second news conference held by lanzhou city on the price hike .
china 's ministry of civil affairs warns china to stop activities
chinanews . com , july 11 , according to information from the website of the ministry of civil affairs , the ministry of civil affairs on 9 july stopped the administrative penalty for the development of china 's region .
according to the law , the development council of china 's regional development council has found the following illegal acts : 1 ) collecting fees in excess of the above - mentioned standards ; 2 .
according to investigations , the membership fee of the unit 's membership fee is 元 yuan per year , with a total of 20 units from june to february 2007 .
according to article 33 ( 8 ) of the " regulations on registration and management of social organizations , " the ministry of civil affairs has issued three months of administrative punishment to the society for a period of three months .
south korean government hopes to speed up nuclear - free korean peninsula
chinanews . com , july 12 according to a report by the rok news agency , the rok government welcomes the meeting of the delegation heads of the six - party talks held in beijing on 18 july .
a spokesman for the rok ministry of foreign affairs and trade issued a commentary on the 12 th expressing hope that at the meeting of the delegation heads of the six - party talks , it would be able to discuss measures for ending the start of the start of the talks and fulfilling the next phase of the six - party talks , and to speed up the process of denuclearization of the korean peninsula .
as the core of the dprk nuclear issue , the chinese government will continue to play a positive role in bringing about a nuclear - free korean peninsula , and will cooperate closely with relevant countries .
officials revealed that the beijing olympic games could create the largest number of participating countries and regions
chinanews.com , july 16
news from the xinhua news agency , wang shilin , deputy director of the international liaison department of the beijing olympic organizing committee , disclosed that the beijing olympic organizing committee will send the ioc to the 205 ioc in 2008 for the 2008 olympic games .
he said that the beijing olympic games will become the largest olympic games in history in history .
according to the report , on behalf of the beijing organizing committee for the olympic games from 10 to 12 february , wang shilin briefed the pan - athletic organizing committee on the progress of the preparations for the beijing olympic games , including the construction of the venue for the construction of 、 , and the 住宿 hotel .
wang shilin said : all member states of the pan - american sports organization have shown great enthusiasm for participating in the beijing olympic games , and all 42 members have confirmed that they will attend the meeting of the heads of delegations of various countries and the olympic committees in beijing next month .
according to reports , at the meeting , the international olympic committee will formally invite the ioc members of 205 ioc members to participate in the 2008 olympic games .
( gao 鹏 )
the condition of wang yan 's injury has been improved " to persist " to restore " two - level " muscle muscle muscles .
wang yan was able to sit on the bench , but the time could not be too long . otherwise she would feel dizzy with dizziness .
wang yan , who had been injured in the competition before the competition , sustained a sustained upturn in the condition of his left - leaning knee - 上肢 , and the 恢复 power of more than 10 days was 级 - 2 .
on 4 april , when wang yan was transferred from the ICU ward in shanghai to the ward of 特需 , her right muscle muscle muscle and muscle muscles and left 上肢 muscles .
in the past half months , wang yan 's muscle muscles have been further improved .
doctor wang yan said that wang yan 's right hand has reached above four levels , which is only one level below normal level , and his left hand muscles are also at grade 3 .
in other words , in less than half a month , wang yan restored the “ muscles of the two levels .
in the first moment , wang yan was able to stick to a five - minute stay in bed with the help of doctors .
the hospital recovered , originally scheduled for the end of last week , to carry out the protection of wang yan .
however , according to wang yan 's recovery , the rehabilitation training had to be postponed temporarily .
wu 熙勤 said that wang yan 's current training mainly consists of “ and ” , and she could stick to a while on the bench , but the time could not be too long .
venezuelan president to reduce salary of senior civil servants
chinanews . com , july 23 , the venezuelan president made a long speech on the foreign policy of venezuela 's foreign policy .
he said that a large reduction of senior civil servants was reduced .
he also said that if foreign nationals in venezuela attack the venezuelan government , they will be expelled from the country .
chavez has ordered government officials to closely monitor the remarks made by foreigners during his visit to venezuela , and found that anyone openly criticized him or the government .
in his televised speech on the evening of 22 july , he said that venezuela could not tolerate “ foreigners to make indiscreet remarks at home .
in his speech , he also pointed out that it will substantially reduce the salaries of senior civil servants .
he said that the wage of the venezuelan civil servants could not exceed $ 7,000 per month .
it is reported that the monthly income of some poor people in venezuela is 250 us dollars .
it has become a common practice for the people of latin american countries to reduce their wages and have won the support of the broad masses .
leaders of peru , bolivia , and other countries have their own pay cut .
chavez also said that cuban leader castro reminded him to pay attention to the assassination of the us side .
he said that castro gave him a memoir written by former director of the us central intelligence agency tenet , who was asked by him to see the secret secret secret of the cia .
the hearing of F1 间谍 spy case ended yesterday , temporarily avoiding punishment for the 暂时 .
last night , beijing time , the international 汽联 automobile movement council held a special hearing on the ferrari technology espionage case in paris , which was summoned by the 凯 team to escape .
at a hearing after a public hearing , 官方 网 said that “ 's motorcade had a secret information of ferrari , but at present there is no sufficient evidence to show that these data are not used for international 汽联 一级 .
however , the ferrari technology spy case has not been closed .
in this decision , the automobile movement council also said that if the ferrari information is found to be used for damage to the championships , we reserves the right to take the power of the 凯 team to a hearing held by the 理事会 group , and that they may face the cancellation of the early season of the season .
at present , former chief designer 凯 迈克.考格兰 has been found to have been investigated and found in nearly 800 - page 法拉利 technical documents , including the ferrari design of the ferrari engine for the ferrari car in 2007 .
turning to kerry 's insistence , the car was temporarily suspended , and the motorcade did not know that there was no other guy in the 赛季 season .
( wang yuan )
experts believe insurance will not be diverted to domestic stock market
chinanews.com , july 30
according to china 's securities reports , the " provisional measures for the management of foreign investment offshore " recently introduced the " provisional measures for the management of foreign investment , " and the capital market has a broader space for use .
liu 乐飞 , chief investment officer of china life insurance company , said that the appreciation of the renminbi and the domestic capital market will not be widely approved in the near future . the short - term foreign investment will not be transferred to the domestic stock market .
according to reports , many insurance institutions hold similar views .
experts said that due to the lack of the renminbi derivatives market , the time for risk - taking of insurance institutions is not yet ripe .
liu 乐飞 said : in the long term , in terms of asset allocation , foreign investment should occupy a certain proportion in the overall allocation of insurance companies .
however , in view of the greater pressure of appreciation of the rmb at present , china life will mainly use its own foreign exchange funds to invest overseas .
foreign investment in foreign currencies should be handled with caution in the current situation .
( still xiaoyang )
flood prevention and drought relief in china hit 525亿 billion yuan this year
the reporter learned from the national general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control : as of 29 july , the flood - stricken crops in the country were affected by floods , of which 成灾 million mu were disaster - stricken , 11915万 million people were afflicted with disaster , and 525亿 were direct economic losses .
the area of land hit by drought has been 1.40亿 million mu , with 人 人 of the total livestock , with a temporary problem of temporary drinking water .
on 29 july , the state general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control has made emergency arrangements for the current grim flood prevention and drought control situation .
the general headquarters of the huai he and the huai river flood prevention headquarters should strengthen their control over the flood - relief period , reinforce the defense of dams , and win a comprehensive victory in flood prevention in the huai he .
the state flood control and drought relief headquarters , in conjunction with the ministry of finance , has sent three working groups to flood prevention and drought - stricken areas to prevent floods and drought - stricken areas .
at present , the flood prevention work in the huaihe river is being carried out in an intense and orderly manner , the operation of flood prevention works is normal , the river of the huaihe river is also put into the river flood discharge , and 人 in the three provinces of henan province are in the river .
dykes in the mainstream of the huaihe river have no major danger .
in accordance with the plan , jiangxi province , jiangxi , jiangxi , and other provinces launched an emergency response response response , and the drought - fighting work is being carried out in an intense and orderly manner .
( by reporter zhao qizheng )
chen shui - bian secretly approved judicial intervention in election taiwan " judicial court " denied and explained it .
chinanews . com , july 31 , chen shui - bian questioned the attempt of judicial officers on the island to intervene in the election of leaders of the taiwan region .
” ” , chief executive officer of taiwan 's “ judicial college , said on the same day that the current performance of judges on the island is not compatible with chen shui - bian , and asked chen shui - bian to explain his explanation .
according to taiwan 's " lien - ho pao " report , chen shui - bian questioned the judge 's prosecutor 's or investigators ' judgment , because political factors or election considerations have interfered with the election activities of candidates of various parties , and it may be very difficult for them to have a very difficult situation .
in view of chen shui - bian 's doubts , ” ” , president of the judiciary office of taiwan 's “ county , gave a low - key speech , and the secretary - general of “ 指派 , who was appointed secretary general of the supreme people 's court , gave a speech on behalf of the judiciary office .
gao 金枝 said that the code of practice and the code of practice for judges of taiwan 's basic law were declared by the judge that judges should not be allowed to participate in party activities , nor should they be allowed to take part in such activities .
gao 金枝 cited an example , pointing out that zhang 盛喜 , judge of the 院 district court of kaohsiung city , took part in the school course of 凯达格兰 school several years ago , that is , a political party 's self - discipline committee resolution on the formation of a self - discipline committee .
zhang 盛喜 wanted to take part in the democratic progressive party primaries for a time , because he took the post to participate in the dispute and finally decided to give up .
gao 金枝 believes that if the trial of individual cases is heard , it is not necessary to judge the judge 's political intentions in accordance with the outcome of the trial .
germany to lower import threshold for professional personnel
xinhua news agency , berlin , july 1st , by reporter 怀成 wang
the german education and scientific research minister said that germany should reduce the restrictions imposed on foreign professionals by the " law law " and the shortage of expertise in foreign professionals through increasing the import of foreign professionals .
according to the oecd report , the number of labor forces aged between 15 and 64 will decrease year by year .
if there is no sufficient immigration , then germany 's labor force will be reduced by 6% percent .
however , the german employers ' association and the german engineers association have reported that the shortfall in the labor market in germany is a big shortfall .
according to data from the german federal labor bureau , in may this year , the supply gap between the german labor market and the shortage of personnel in the german labor market is about 1.27万 , and the shortage of technicians is about 9600 .
in order to protect their own employment , germany has set up a higher threshold for foreign talent .
germany 's " law law " stipulates that in germany , professional personnel of non - european countries cannot be less than 8.55万 billion euros per year , otherwise they cannot be allowed to work in germany or reside .
沙万 suggested that this limit be reduced to 40,000 to 60,000 euros .
do not believe in the legal circle of the law
article 8 of the " law law " revised recently submitted by the npc standing committee stipulates that specialized professional research and other professional professional personnel who have engaged in legal research shall be allowed to apply for lawyers .
( june 28 , china youth daily )
in the legal field , there is a distinction between ” and “ in the field of practice , the former mainly consists of such abstract behaviors as legal teaching and research , and the latter is more than “ legal legal services such as legal consultation and legal services .
over a long period of time , the legal circle of the law “ 和 现象 现象 现象 认为 认为 认为 理论 理论 理论 理论 理论 理论 理论 理论 理论 理论 理论 理论 理论 理论 理论 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 ;
as for the difference in division of labor , the law is to maintain neutrality , rather than strongly supporting any party .
however , the 制 legal lawyer system in the " lawyer law " has objectively accepted the judgment that the legal circle of the legal profession should be higher than the legal profession .
as a matter of fact , some experts and scholars who engage in legal studies , such as the legal system of legal system , and experts and scholars who are engaged in legal studies and teaching , are completely incompatible with the law .
in this way , the 制 legal lawyer system , without doubt , has created an extremely bad and bad example of a bad example of the 资格 of the legal profession .
the blind faith in the theory of the 界 theory of “ , such as the written submissions of experts and experts , often affects or even rejects the phenomenon of the court ruling and is also a direct manifestation of this superstition .
china to encourage china - funded ships to sail for red flag
reporter feng lei .
at a press briefing held by the information office of the state council , the information office of the state council said that since 1 july this year , china will implement a policy of duty - free registration of china 's international shipping vessels , to encourage china - funded vessels to return to china to register , and to hang the red flag .
in order to further promote the healthy development of china 's maritime transportation industry , the state has recently issued a " notice on the implementation of the policy on tax exemption for shipping vessels in china , " which has provided the conditions and the application procedures for the operation of shipping vessels .
the application for ship registration for ship registration in shanghai will be submitted to the ship for registration .
britain lowers alert level of terrorist attacks
xinhua news agency , london , july 5 th , by reporter lin guo
the british government will cut the alert level from the highest level to “ .
at present , the british police will transfer to india and australia .
because of the eight terrorist suspects arrested , the government will urgently examine the background of the entry of foreign immigrants in the medical system .
it has been learned that nearly 90,000 people in public health care systems in britain have obtained 从医 qualifications overseas .
prime minister brown also asked for an investigation into the background of the high - tech migrants , and the employers or relevant organizations will be requested to provide information on the background of the applicant .
public places do not allow vendors to worry
going out of the country to travel , the image is relaxed and relaxed , and the greatest degree of enjoyment is enjoyed by natural scenery and social civilization .
however , there are many people who have come to travel in china , and many people have encountered such a kind of worry and pursuit of besieging and blocking the business in public places .
no matter whether cars or trains , trains and trains , they always have to face the death of 小商贩 and some 中介 .
it is not a peanut cake selling eggs . it is selling newspapers and periodicals , and then it is not a license to introduce food and beverage for many of them .
if you do n't accept it , he can chase you several hundred meters , and if you do n't succeed , you will become the trend of benevolence .
many tourists have also felt the same feeling .
without entering the door , some people came to peddle things like tourist items and handicrafts .
after entering the door , this kind of situation was even more difficult , and it was even better to pretend that it was 搅和 .
some media reported that many foreign tourists in xian have praised scenic spots and scenic spots in xian , but they are not able to sell them to the 小商 hawkers that are allowed to sell them .
in public places such as the station 's 、 scenic area , this is where there is a place where it is going to conduct and leisure , and it should pay attention to civility and orderliness , and bring about a comfortable and harmonious environment for tourists .
the free entry and exit of vendors has disturbed the tourists ' 心绪 , objectively undermining public order in these public places , forming a visual pollution and environmental pollution , and at the same time providing trouble and opportunity for lawless elements .
what is important is that these public places are the window for the building of local spiritual civilization , and it is not only an image problem , but also an impact on the local economic development .
just think , do you want to make a big tourism industry , but use such a messy tourist environment to welcome the guests of the 南来北往 ?
how can your tourism economy yield results ?
with the arrival of the tourist peak season , the tourist attraction of a civilized tourist environment should be said to be an urgent task .
public places are not the market , the operation behavior of 小贩 hawker control should be standardized , and the illegal operation should be resolutely abolished . illegal activities should be resolutely cracked down on .
only when a civilization is in an orderly and orderly manner can we allow visitors to be happy and enjoy a good time .
in a word , public places do not allow vendors to worry .
“ 奖励 奖励 奖励 奖励 奖励 经不起
in beijing 's dongcheng district , the beijing dongcheng district is a reward for the low - income families of 12 households .
( beijing news , july 10 )
this writer feels happy to see the improvement of these families ' lives , but the formulation of the 提法 voluntarily retreating from bulgaria has also contributed to the complexity of the 提法 .
the deputy director of the 街道 street office said that the problem of the fraud and other problems was encouraging the initiative of other low - income families .
this example is to encourage other low - income workers to get rid of their difficulties through their own efforts , but if they want to use them , it is a bit childish if they want to use them to help those who have long been deceived .
in the work of differentiating and clearing down fake and shoddy households , they rely more on the law .
the departments concerned should strengthen the obligations that low - guarantee families must fulfill when they enjoy low protection , such as timely notification of family personnel and changes in income , reporting on employment , and accepting regular reexamination .
after all , it is a long - term plan for the “ to retire in accordance with the law .
who is buried in the kind of material reward for the 家庭 family ?
as a first - level government organization , its expenditure is funded by financial appropriations .
and the money of the taxpayers was not 花呢 .
on the one hand , the withdrawal from low - income families proves that it has a certain degree of self - sufficiency ability , and on the other hand , is it not still necessary to apply for low - income personnel ?
the government financial appropriations that are called saving money should provide timely relief and not add flowers to the brocade .
liu is willing to serve as a service provider
on 10 july , secretary of the party committee of 党委书记 town , 、 town , 第一 town , 第一 county , the first county party committee directly elected by the national people 's congress [ npc ] , received a democratic appraisal of the results and attained the satisfaction rate of 97% .
during the dialogue with liu wai - liu , liu 刚毅 positioned himself as a “ service provider .
( yesterday 's beijing news )
” 服务 , a service provider in the mouth of liu wai - liu , may be more truthful and more convincing than those who appointed a number of cadres who appointed the system of appointing cadres .
the biggest advantage of direct election appointments is that the former is determined by the majority of ordinary party members , and the latter is mainly appointed by the higher authorities and the source of power .
the source of power and the responsibility for who is responsible is the fundamental factor determining how to conduct the election .
in the past few years , some people have been skeptical about this kind of democratic evaluation .
my view is that there is no good form of democratic evaluation of this kind of “ .
considering the history and current situation of grassroots democracy in china , i believe that the direct election of the direct election is a major breakthrough , and democratic appraisals are an important component of this pioneering work .
india is expected to select the first female president , saying that the possibility of the election is quite big , and the female voters hope that their status will increase .
on 23 june , pregnancy worked in front of the presidential candidate document .
the indian presidential election opened on 19 march , with the new president coming to the post of vice president of the new president and 拉贾斯坦邦 邦 , who resigned not long ago .
women are the first female presidential candidate in india 's history , and she will become the first woman president in the history of india .
pregnancy is a presidential candidate of the ruling party , and 谢卡瓦特 came from the opposition party .
because the congress party holds a dominant position in the presidential election , the media and the public have been speculating that women are likely to be elected .
the 72 - year - old woman was 拉贾斯坦邦 女 .
she was born in 1985 and entered the congress in 1985 . his experience in political affairs was rich , and she was acclaimed by the government during his term of office .
she is also dedicated to social welfare and is the honorary chairman of many cultural and social welfare organizations .
an analyst pointed out that the reason why pregnancy became a candidate was because she unswervingly loyal to the chairman of the indian congress party .
in india , the 家族 family controlled the ruling party .
in the past few years , women and women have lost their lives .
the constitution stipulates that the heads of state and armed forces in the name of the president and the commander of the armed forces in the name of the president do not represent any party or even more .
( yan 颖颛 )
us support for the palestinian government 's expulsion of extremists
xinhua news agency , washington , july 22 , by wire ( reporter 启生 xu )
us president bush said on 21 april that the united states will fully support the pakistani government 's efforts in the area of “ al qaeda and taliban extremists from the border between pakistan and afghanistan .
bush said in his weekly weekly radio broadcast that based on the new us intelligence , “ has found a safe haven in pakistan and afghanistan at the border between pakistan and afghanistan .
he said he was very worried about this .
bush said that the united states will continue to support pakistani president musharraf and believes that musharraf will continue to fight against al qaeda and taliban militants .
the recent report on the " national intelligence assessment " published by the united states pointed out that the muslim militant organization , especially the “ base of 本.拉登 , is a continuing threat to the united states .
musharraf reached an agreement with some tribes in the northern part of brazil in september last year and in the northern part of the northern palestinian region .
and the leaders of these tribes are unwilling or have no ability to protect the security of the region .
in his speech earlier this time , bush said that musharraf is taking positive steps to correct this mistake .
us hopes for full implementation of dprk nuclear issue
xinhua news agency , washington , july 24 , by wire ( reporter 启生 xu )
christopher hill , us assistant secretary of state for the six - party talks on the korean nuclear issue , said on 23 june that the six - party talks on the korean nuclear issue held last week are very important , and the meeting has made real progress , but this is just the initial initial action of the agreement .
the united states hopes that the " joint statement " and " joint document jointly signed by the dprk and the dprk " will be fully implemented in 2008 .
at a news conference on the same day , he said that in order to realize the goal of completely resolving the dprk nuclear issue in 2008 , it is necessary for the dprk to declare its nuclear program by the end of this year and to make its nuclear facilities function .
he expressed the hope that all parties concerned will comprehensively fulfill the agreement reached in the six - party talks on the korean nuclear issue within one year .
hill also said that while holding talks on security and energy issues , the us and dprk working groups will discuss issues that need to be resolved in the dprk - dprk relations .
climate change leads to 冰川 glaciers
xinhua news agency , geneva , july 29 th , by reporter jun liu
experts from the swiss academy of sciences have long been tracking research and discovering that in the period between 2005 and 2005 , more than 1,800 glaciers in switzerland are shrinking at an average annual rate of 3% .
the heat wave in 2003 led to the melting of 1.8% glaciers in the alps .
according to experts , if the global temperature rises by 3 degrees celsius , the glaciers will be reduced by 80% percent , and the glaciers will melt , and glaciers will all melt .
阿莱 glaciers are the world 's longest glaciers , which are listed as the world 's natural heritage sites , but the reduction of 100 meters from 2005 to 2006 has already reached an urgent juncture .
the tu - 95 glacier is a 公里 glacier .
photo by liu jun .
the consumers association of beijing olympic games advocates : civilized consumer consumers
beijing , july 30
the consumer association of shanghai consumer association , the consumer association of tianjin consumer association and the consumer council of the city of hong kong , made the following proposals to consumers and the consumer council of the world in the city of 青岛市 .
the proposal proposes that starting with me , strengthening the awareness of the olympic games , learning etiquette , learning etiquette , enhancing civilization quality , and abiding by social ethics , will be a civilized and civilized consumers ;
we should strengthen the sense of green olympics , protect the ecological environment , treasure natural resources , actively promote sustainable consumption , and do a good job in promoting consumer spending .
establish a sense of diligence and thrift , change the concept of consumption , discard blind comparisons , oppose extravagance and waste , and do a rational consumer concept with scientific means of consumption ;
to enhance the awareness of consumer protection , take the initiative to participate in social supervision , conscientiously respect the protection of intellectual property rights , correctly understand rights and obligations , and act in accordance with the law ;
advocate the spirit of being masters of the country and actively participate in the olympic games , publicize the concept of the olympic games , and serve as a creator of the olympic spirit .
hong kong police report on hong kong 's return to hong kong
on 1 july , the bell bell of the nanjing temple memorial hall was sounded again , and the bell rang .
this heavy historical echo , through the television station of the television station , and the hong kong people and the hong kong compatriots , jointly celebrated the 10 th anniversary of hong kong 's return to the motherland .
ten years ago , the sky above the tower tower of 静海 temple in nanjing echoed the bell bell of 155 policemen and was a farewell bid for the humiliating history of hong kong island .
in front of the great hall of the memorial hall , people from all walks of life in nanjing gathered together , and they said that they should always alert themselves to the history of their own generations through their own hands .
“ 警 , a police officer at “ , was the time to sign the " nanjing treaty " when the opium war broke out .
mr chung 一点九九七 - 米 , and 1997 was the year of hong kong 's return to the motherland .
at that time , wang 奉陵 , a planner and builder of the chung - kuo shih - pao , explained that five ‘ ’ 字 , the whole bronze bell , used high - sculpture sculptures and two dragons to symbolize hong kong as the pearl oriental pearl of the motherland .
in those years , yu 效东 , the first democrat in the building of the chung - chung democratic party , said in an all - round manner : the hong kong handover has been 10 years since hong kong 's return to the motherland , and he hopes that hong kong 's future will be bright and melodious .
enditem
russian security agency accuses 氏 of " conspiracy to plot " in exile
博罗夫科夫 律师 , a russian 寡头 in exile in london , announced on 2 july that the russian federal security bureau has formally put forward a new accusation against his clients , accusing him of plotting to plot the state coup and attempting to win the power of the russian regime .
博罗夫科夫 pointed out that in april of this year , when interviewed by a reporter of the british newspaper guardian , he announced that he was prepared to launch a coup coup in russia and confirmed that he would provide financial support to the right - wing elites who were opposed to the policy .
the russian federal security bureau conducts criminal investigations in accordance with article 278 of the " criminal law of the russian federation " , which has been officially filed in the past few days .
it has been learned that the russian federation 's general procuratorate has filed a criminal case against others in february 2006 , and it was also confirmed that it attempted to seize the force in an attempt to win the russian regime .
因别氏 has been in exile abroad , without extradition , and russia temporarily suspended the investigation of the case in january 2007 .
moscow , july 2 , 2007 ( afp ) the russian prosecutor 's court began to try another criminal case in exile in exile , the russian general prosecutor 's office accused 别列佐夫斯基 of 鲸吞 资金 , a russian airline company , to postpone the trial of 2.14亿 卢布 , 钱 卢布 , court after a hearing .
别氏 said that all these were ” farces , which clearly prohibited their defense lawyers from participating in the trial activities .
( bi yuan )
guangxi 's 135 responsibilities are subject to supervision by the administrative efficiency supervision 19 人
since the beginning of this year , various localities and departments in guangxi have carried out the campaign to change the work style of cadres , carry out the system of affixing responsibility for the implementation of the first accountability system , and have been assigned to the administrative efficiency supervision work network .
up to now , 19 people have been held accountable .
on 5 april , the reporter learned from the discipline inspection commission of the guangxi autonomous region that the guangxi autonomous region has initially formed a network of supervision on the administrative efficiency of county - level county - level county - level county - level administrative efficiency , and to strengthen supervision over key departments ' responsibility for the key departments .
the electronic monitoring system in the autonomous region has directly linked up to 135 responsible departments of the departments involved in the investment environment and the production and livelihood of the masses , and further standardized the examination and approval behavior .
at the same time , discipline inspection and supervision organs at all levels in guangxi have investigated and verified cases of violating the interests of the masses and harming the interests of the masses as up to now , and investigated and verified 件 units and investigated 个 units .
ma tieshan , member of the standing committee of the guangxi zhuang autonomous regional cpc committee , said on 5 may that administrative efficiency supervision is a work that accompanied administrative activities and should gradually form a long - term mechanism .
guangxi should further improve and standardize various rules and regulations governing administrative management , establish a mechanism and mechanism for supervising administrative efficiency , incorporate efficiency supervision into the orbit of institutionalization and standardization , and improve the mechanism for checking and handling complaints .
( reporter wang 立芳 )
nato does not rule out cooperation with the united states on the abm system
in an exclusive interview with xinhua news agency , nato information officer 西蒙娜.德曼索 said that it would not rule out possibility of linking the us antimissile system with nato itself .
西蒙娜.德曼索 said that nato is currently studying the us anti - missile program , and hopes that the us anti - missile bases will cover all european allies .
she said : nato has its own theater missile defense system , and has started to discuss the establishment of a strategic missile defense system , and that the us anti - missile system is unlikely to be able to defend itself .
she also said that the united states will establish an anti - missile system in europe and will exchange information with russia through various channels .
( reporter ding 宜孙 )
two jordanian people sentenced to attack the united states
the two jordanian men were sentenced to death by the jordanian national security court on 11 august because of plotting in the united states .
the two men , aged 25 , were sentenced to imprisonment for eight years , while the other was sentenced to imprisonment for eight years , while the other was sentenced to three years ' imprisonment .
the court heard that at the same time , 胡塔里 was charged with illegal possession of firearms and a submachine gun at his residence .
the court decided to sentence 胡塔 life imprisonment to life imprisonment , considering the chance to cut the prison term for eight years .
the indictment said that after the outbreak of the iraq war , the two defendants decided to attack the american muslims who were bullied by the united states , so they planned to attack the americans in jordan .
in august 2006 , they identified a americans who lived in suburbs of amman , jordan , but were arrested before they were attacked .
the indictment did not disclose the identity of the american .
the indictment also accused the two defendants of attacking other americans , but did not disclose details .
( reporter su 小坡 )
a report on adverse reactions caused by 药物
according to reports from the us media on 15 june , the number of heart - to - heart reports such as heart - to - heart disease caused by anti - diabetes drugs has recently appeared in the united states .
the food and drug administration of the united states issued a security warning in may this year , suggesting that diabetes patients be cautiously used as a research report published by the scientists on 21 may , saying that this kind of popular drug will greatly increase the incidence rate and death rate of patients .
the safety of 迪 has been closely watched by doctors and patients .
statistics show that in about one month after issuing security warnings , the us administration has received a report from 357 例文 , of which 38 were fatal reports .
in january and february this year , the authority received only 50 reports of adverse reactions .
these adverse reactions have shifted to the foam of sudden diseases .
however , drug experts from the us administration of medicine believe that it is premature to arrive at the conclusion of the article .
the drug control authority will hold a security hearing on july 30 .
the wen wei po [ wen wei po ] published in 1999 was an increase of 敏 doses and applicable to Ⅱ diabetes .
about 6 million diabetes patients have taken or are taking the text of the article .
生产商 , the manufacturer of british companies , has always believed that wen 迪雅 is safe and 弊 to the patients .
united states wants to resume middle east peace talks
on 16 june , us president bush called on the international conference on palestinian - israeli issues to be held in the fall this autumn to invite some arab arab states and other relevant countries to participate in the middle east peace process to jointly promote the peace process in the middle east .
on the 17th , bush also called on egyptian president hosni mubarak and saudi king abdullah ii , saudi king abdullah ii , to actively respond to the proposal and support palestinian national authority chairman abbas to help palestine and israel restore peace talks at an early date .
abbas to discuss palestinian - israeli general election
palestinian national authority chairman abbas said in ramallah on 18 june that the two - day meeting of the plo central committee ( plo ) central committee opened on the same day , and the meeting will discuss issues such as the election of the palestinian national authority and the legislative council .
on the same day , abbas met with javier solana , president of the european union 's foreign and security affairs office .
at the same time , abbas is satisfied with the relations between the palestinian national authority and the eu .
he said that pakistan welcomes the eu 's understanding of the palestinian president 's measures .
abbas urged the eu to continue providing humanitarian aid to palestinian people in gaza .
solana reiterated the eu 's support for abbas and the palestinian people .
he said the middle east issue concerned ( the united states and russia ) will hold a meeting on 19 july to discuss the issue of restarting the middle east peace process , and the next few days may be proposed .
solana said that the eu had a positive attitude toward deploying international troops in gaza , but it still needs to discuss with other parties , especially with the united nations .
( reporter wang zhiqiang )
jiangxi will take root in 30 years of health care award
a large number of health professionals have taken root in the rural areas for a long time to come to work for the health of the grass roots and the health of the peasants .
a few days ago jiangxi province decided to issue “ million yuan of honorary awards to the health professionals who have taken root in the rural areas in the rural areas .
according to jiangxi provincial health department , health technical personnel who are in charge of medical and technical work in the township and town hospitals , who are in charge of medical specialized technical work , and the health professionals who are in primary and secondary schools for the first time have been awarded the awards .
the first batch of confirmed calculations was in the end of july .
in addition to issuing certificates to rural health personnel who meet the requirements , jiangxi province will give priority to preferential treatment and appropriate preferences in addition to the 30 years of awarding the awards for rural health work .
professional examinations for senior professional posts shall be separately delimited by a single line , and the criteria for assessing scientific research and papers should be appropriately relaxed , and the qualifications for qualified personnel will be relaxed .
jiangxi province 's health department will arrange for a certain number of places to leave for convalescence every year and provide funds for funding .
since the beginning of this year , jiangxi province has decided to work for a period of 30 years to recommend the work of serving as honorary awards for rural health work .
( reporter li 美娟 )
us defense department considers reducing us troops stationed in europe
us defense department officials said on the 23rd that due to the changes in the iraq war and the changes in the world situation , the us department of defense is reconsidering the plan to reduce the number of us troops stationed in europe in 2002 .
the us media quoted a defense ministry official as saying that due to the iraq war , as well as the deterioration of the relations between the united states and russia and iran , the leadership of the defense ministry has raised doubts about the feasibility of reducing its troops stationed in europe .
in 2002 , secretary of defense rumsfeld announced that the united states would reduce the number of troops stationed in europe from 11.3万 to 7.1万 , and build a new type of armed forces with less than “ million .
at present , the total strength of us troops stationed in europe has dropped to 100,000 .
however , in june this year , commander of the us military command 克拉多克 克拉多克 submitted a report to the current defense minister gates .
the report said that while reducing troop strength , many troops in europe have been transferred to iraq and afghanistan in turns , resulting in shortages of us troops stationed in europe and the normal cooperation with european allies .
the report recommends stopping the reduction of us troops stationed in europe .
relevant us experts believe that the above phenomenon shows that the iraq war has disrupted the us military 's original readjustment plan .
( reporter yang 晴川 )
shandong 's 胶州 city launched a project to send a safe film to the public for the construction of the city .
people 's daily , qingdao , july 26 ( reporter song 学春 ) , by reporter 忠亮 fan
in order to further deepen the city 's cultural and transportation awareness , the people 's sense of law and discipline and the awareness of transportation safety awareness of the broad masses of citizens have increased their consciousness in abiding by laws and regulations , from 20 july to 10 august , and in 驻地 town , 小区 town , 小区 town , 胶州 city , shandong province .
prior to the film , the traffic police brigade will print a letter from the traffic accident , which is designed to protect the lives of the masses .
the tragedy in the film drew the people 's admiration and a bloody scene .
in particular , the special feature of a special feature of the " school on school " is to enable primary school pupils to understand and understand them and receive profound education .
this movie attracted 名 residents around the square , and in particular , some young people who came to work in the city were sitting in the center of the venue and watching them with interest .
through the construction of the road safety film ( village ) , the public was also impressed by the film , and received profound traffic safety education .
ministry of health : public health care system to be implemented gradually
in order to better implement the " decision on food hygiene , " the ministry of public health has carried out pilot projects in 10 areas in 10 areas including beijing 's haidian district , tianjin municipality , jiangsu 's 泰州市 city , 泰州市 city , 、 city , zhejiang province , and wuhan city , sichuan province .
this system will gradually spread to the whole country .
public health and health services were 现场 and 消毒 , a 监督 原料 原料 原料 原料 原料 原料 原料 原料 原料 原料 原料 原料
according to the report , the public will use a uniform color and form set by the ministry of health to examine the findings of nine health inspections and the names of the supervisory organs and the names of their customers .
( reporter hu 其峰 )
un to extend mandate of peacekeeping troops in ethiopia
the un security council unanimously passed a resolution on 30 june agreeing to extend the term of office of the un peacekeeping force in ethiopia to january 31 , next year .
the resolution calls on all parties concerned to carry out their commitments , exercise restraint , ease the tense situation , avoid provocative military activities , appeal to eritrea to immediately withdraw its troops and heavy military equipment , and call on ethiopia to reduce the number of military troops in the near future .
the resolution requires ethiopia to immediately take concrete steps to enable the eritrean - egyptian border committee to rush to the border without any preconditions , requiring eritrea no longer to delay the operation of the special mission to ethiopia and eritrea .
the resolution reiterated that it would fully support the work of the ethiopia - ethiopia border committee and welcomed the commission 's decision to hold a meeting in new york on 6 september .
in 1998 , a border conflict broke out between eritrea and ethiopia , causing more than 70,000 deaths .
in june 2000 , ethiopia and eritrea signed a ceasefire agreement in algiers , capital of algeria .
the united nations began deploying peacekeeping troops in ethiopia and eritrea in july 2001 to monitor the implementation of the cease - fire agreement between the two countries .
( reporter wu zhiqiang )
national basketball invitational opens in athens
chengdu , june 30
in order to implement the spirit of the party central committee 's instructions on building a socialist harmonious society , xing 源 said : in line with the socialist construction of the new socialist countryside , the theme of the people 's physical and cultural life and the olympic games will be brought into play .
the six - day race has attracted 10 local men 's basketball teams from all parts of the country .
according to the regulations , athletes participating in this competition must be amateur players , aged 18 or above .
all professional and professional athletes registered in the state sports general administration in 2006 are not eligible for entries .
the current " basketball rules " of the china basketball association are divided into two stages in the preliminary competition and final stage .
the competition is sponsored by the basketball association of china basketball association , the china international sports travel company , and the china international sports travel company .
in recent years , the cultural and sports undertakings , which have over 2,000 years of history , have developed rapidly , and a series of special honors , such as the national sports advanced units of the national sports advanced counties in the whole country , have been awarded a series of awards for national sports advanced .
in the new countryside , it is necessary to vigorously implement the rural sports and bodybuilding program , integrate the building of sports facilities with the rural areas , and build the stadium in the rural areas .
three major functions of modern military uniforms
first , identification function .
it is different from the armed forces of different branches of the armed forces and the people of different arms and services .
although the armed forces of more than 100 countries in the world are basically the same in military uniforms , there is no military uniform in the military .
second , symbolic functions .
to a certain extent , military uniform is a reflection of the national character of a country , and it is also a concentrated expression of the quality of the military 's combat capability .
among the three major military uniforms that are often used for training in dress costumes , the military will be able to fully demonstrate the prestige of the country and the military , and is nothing more than a beautiful gift .
third is defensive functions .
with the rapid development of new weapons and equipment , the comprehensive protection of new - type training suits , which has enabled the military uniform to contain 、 anti - chemical radiation prevention and control 细菌 , and has become the most important problem in the development of military uniforms .
( shi wei )
the party committee of a certain team handled tough problems in handling tough problems
chengdu , july 3
裔 报道 , who has been able to live in the apartment , has benefited from the decision of the party committee of the team to clear the resolve and resolve of the team .
today , more than 10 cadres of a certain communications training brigade of the chengdu military region have all been filled with a hard work style , and they are full of admiration and gratitude to the committee members of the regiment party committee for solving thorny problems .
in the past few years , along with the change of personnel , the unit of the group has been in violation of rules and regulations , making it difficult for the cadres to find housing difficulties , and the officers and soldiers have a relatively big view of this .
the group has also once again cleared several houses , because all kinds of obstacles cannot be turned into big and old old ones .
only by daring to be sincere and reasonable , will it be possible to solve difficult problems .
after the new party committee reached a consensus , principal leaders personally came forward to take action to thoroughly clean up all the irregularities in the houses .
on the one hand , they tried to convince the people with reason , convince them , and hoped that the personnel concerned would take the overall situation into consideration ;
the party committees and institutions have promptly contacted their units and adopted corresponding measures to promote their own initiative .
after two months of meticulous work , all the unauthorized occupants of the barracks have moved out of the houses on schedule , and the brigade 's cadres have been divided into housing according to regulations .
the party committee of the group has dared to confront tough work style and produce a chain reaction , and the original number of cadres who are unwilling to actively cooperate with organizational distribution has now expressed their obedience to organizational decisions .
qiao qingchen meets bangladesh air force chief
beijing , july 9
、 空军 , commander of the central military commission , met with 齐奥.拉赫曼 齐奥.拉赫曼 , chief of staff of the bangladesh air force , in beijing today .
qiao qingchen said : since the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and bangladesh , relations between the two countries have developed smoothly , high - level exchanges have been frequent , and friendly exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been constantly strengthened .
both countries have mutual trust and mutual support in international affairs and in their respective national construction .
china appreciates and thanks bangladesh for its support to china on the taiwan issue of human rights and tibet .
qiao qingchen said that the chinese army cherishes friendly relations with bangladesh 's armed forces , hopes to further expand the fields of friendly cooperation between the two armed forces , and strengthen friendly exchanges and cooperation between the two armies .
qi said bangladesh will make positive efforts to further develop friendly exchanges and cooperation between the two armies , especially the air force of the two countries .
he reiterated that the bangladesh government will , as always , adhere to the one - china policy .
before the meeting , qiao qingchen held a welcoming ceremony for 齐奥 .
qi arrived in beijing on 8 july for an official friendly visit to china at the invitation of qiao qingchen .
chinese military chief designer meets chinese military network
on 13 july , yang 宝金 , a reporter of the whole army , reported that the whole army will be replaced by one on 1 august .
this evening , china 's military network specially invited the deputy director of the logistics department of the logistics department of the general logistics department , chen jun , and su yang , a senior engineer of the logistics department of the general logistics department .
the two honorable guests were the direct participant of the design of 军服 .
when talking about changes in the new military uniform , they said that 7 - 07 military uniform is designed to improve several hundred and several hundred military uniforms , and several hundred improvements in military uniforms .
the most salient characteristic of 7 - 07 military uniform is that the requirements of a humane nature of 人性化 - 、 functions have enabled our army to achieve a complete series of coordinated standards for the first three armed services , which marks a historic leap in the level of military uniform building .
the two honorable guests also carried out extensive exchanges with net friends on the variety of varieties of new military uniforms .
the interview was jointly organized by the chinese military network and the internet website of china netcom network .
building platform of the people 's armed forces department to upgrade the quality of military cadres
on 18 june , the " psychological warfare under informatized conditions under the conditions of war " provided by lu 宇青 , a native of 靖江市 county , jiangsu province , was well received by the students participating in the training .
this is the work of the people 's armed forces of the city of the people 's armed forces in combining their posts with the actual situation of their posts .
at the beginning of this year , when conducting investigations and studies at the grass - roots level , the party committee of the people 's armed forces department discovered that the length of tenure of some specialized force cadres was long and too many , and did not concentrate their main energy on armed work .
to this end , they have adopted a centralized training method to rely on local party schools to train the local party school , to conduct regular training for senior military cadres , and to focus on solving problems such as the limited knowledge of the knowledge of military cadres .
in connection with the work of the central task , we should boldly carry out tasks for the task of assigning military cadres to the task of assigning duties to cadres , and enhance their ability to work at posts .
at the same time , they are actively coordinating local organizations to jointly formulate a " plan for appointment of senior military cadres , " and clearly stipulate that 武装部长 must go to the leading body of the party committee at the same level to stop serving as other posts .
we have established a mechanism for readjusting exchange and exchange of military cadres , and we should promptly adjust and exchange cadres who are not suited to the grass - roots armed forces .
not long ago , chen 益松 , director of the armed forces department of the new century shipbuilding company , led the militia to fill the underwater vessel welding technology that was invented by the militia technology detachment , and was upgraded to the armed forces department of the company .
good start is still good
as far as the outcome of the match is concerned , two - thirds of the score is reasonable , and the chinese team is acceptable to the chinese team . the key is the process of the competition .
if the iranian team leads 2 - 0 , then the chinese team will reach the score , and the feeling of the chinese fans will certainly not be different . it will be very long .
it can be said that the chinese team is old and old .
the chinese team often is not playing soccer under the condition of a favorable situation , and ordinary people 's views are not perfect .
this was indeed a reason why the chinese team could not sleep well .
however , judging from the chinese team today , it seems that it is not all right .
sun 祥 , sun xiang , zheng 祥 , zheng zhi , zheng zhi , and others did not talk about the ball in europe . li wei and others were also veteran veterans , and they said psychological quality would not have any problems .
the chinese team 's regret was that the iranian team was compelled by the iranian team , and the reason was that the deployment was ineffective .
the iranian team changed the situation under the backward situation , and the scene was changed immediately .
the chinese team also changed three players in the second half , and the results were not good .
we must find out the root cause of the problems that can not be well - off .
as long as the problem is accurately identified , it is not difficult to find a solution .
fearing that they are afraid of doing so .
if this goes on , the chinese team will play more matches , and old problems will also be committed , and it will not be possible to kick up a further move to enter the game .
ministry of public security gives guangdong border defense corps a citation for collective merit
our newspaper , shenzhen , july 18
li qi said : over the years , the hospital of the guangdong border defense corps has done a good job in rescuing the masses of the people , and the masses of the people of the two sides have shown their love for the masses .
this morning , the ministry of public security gave a report to the guangdong border defense corps hospital in a citation for collective second class merit and a report meeting on the advanced deeds of the government .
in order to build a harmonious society , the guangdong border defense corps hospital has set up three special - purpose hospitals in phuket , shenzhen , in the southern part of shenzhen , where migrant workers who are migrant workers are only one yuan .
the hospital is specially equipped with a 爱心 care vehicle , free of charge for migrant workers , and the health care service card for migrant workers will be paid only to 12 yuan per month .
this measure benefits 12,000 farmers .
since 2003 , the hospital has also launched a 点 - 点 large - scale love campaign , which has been carried out on eight occasions .
the armed police force began to change in 7 - 07 august .
on july 19 , the armed police force and the armed police force will gradually change their style of costume from 1 august .
today , this reporter has seen from 7 : 07 in the armed police force a ceremony and a dress demonstration demonstration to see a total of 105 types of costumes of 服装 dressed in costumes and four major categories of costumes .
wearing apparel , the color of the original green adjustment has fallen into the 侧 , 袖口 , and pants , with the overall design of the times , the establishment of the times , and the state costume .
the female officers and men changed their eaves by changing their eaves , and police officers changed from guan ling to the 领 structure , and changed to 束 - shaped structure .
zhang 、 , a newly added name holder of the new id card , and the national defense service chapter 绶带 , and 设计 标 标 , a newly designed cap badge , have strengthened their clothing identification functions and strengthened their aesthetic identification .
the armed police will be divided into three years .
before august 1 , 2007 , 、 military band , 文工团 military band , and the national flag escort team of the armed forces , held formal formal talks with the officers and men of the officers and men of the military units stationed in beijing .
in may 2008 , they replaced 学员 [ name as transliterated ] , a veteran soldier of other troops , who were often dressed in spring autumn .
in october 2008 , he was replaced by a 警官 jacket .
2009年 was replaced by soldiers in december .
the training will be subordinated to the stage of gradual change in the coming season .
the second artillery corps , a base of a base of the second artillery corps , has started operation and coordination .
reporter xue 冰坚 , the education organization of the small 散远 unit 's education organization , will find it difficult to fight for a small number of people in the second artillery station .
the reporter recently learned that after half a year 's trial , the base has issued the " implementation method for implementing the outline of ideological and political education " , which has covered several ideological and political education cooperation zones with a small number of small and direct units covering the bases .
in order to effectively implement the " outline of ideological and political education , " the base organized an intensive investigation into the current situation of the ideological and political education of small 散远 units , and sorted out the key issues that influence and restrict the time of education .
the specific practice of the cooperative zone is to break down the demarcation line of the unit 's establishment , take the lead in unified planning of the main theme of the brigade and regiment units at the regiment level , and have a long - range discussion of the theme - oriented education .
we should use the method of taking turns in turn and competing for competition through competition ;
each district has set up full - time education liaison liaison officers and part - time education information .
on this basis , the various cooperation zones have also established an emergency ideological report and assessment system for major educational items to seek help and assessment .
zhang 升民 , director of the political department of the base , told this reporter that the establishment of a political education coordination zone has reduced the waste of educational resources and deepened the educational results .
some political instructors fear that the officers and men in foreign units will lose their points and take the initiative to study new knowledge and explore new ways of learning .
the officers and men are also actively digesting the contents of education and being afraid of discussing and differentiating and differentiating between officers and men in neighboring units .
in this way , the enthusiasm of educators and educators has been effectively stimulated .
a certain repair unit of the north sea fleet is in convalescence .
on 17 july , under the leadership of zhang 伟亮 , deputy chief engineer of a repair unit of the beihai fleet , led by zhang 伟亮 , a 31 - year - old regiment commander , was happy to go to beidaihe for a train in beidaihe .
雒 雒 , chief of the six - level nco , told the reporter that the leader of the 大队 group showed concern for soldiers and let us feel deeply moved , and we will redouble our efforts to work hard .
the grass - roots soldiers are in convalescence for the first time .
not long ago , yao 青生 , commander of the group , went to the grassroots level to see that some soldiers who were responsible for repairing work were carrying out armament repair work , so that yao 青生 was deeply moved .
in the work of the party committee , the party committee should show concern for soldiers ' health and take responsibility for the health of soldiers .
after the study of the party committee , the decision made by the higher authorities will be assigned to the number of soldiers assigned to the unit to be assigned to the unit for treatment .
a unit in the jinan military region has made public the hot spots of the hot spot .
this newspaper .
wang 维钦 , a special correspondent in a unit of the jinan military region , reported on 25 july that a piece of public announcements in a unit of the unit of the unit 's engineering project was prominently mounted in a window showing the promotion of 士官 county - level ncos and other important matters .
according to su 成森 , political commissar , this is a concrete move taken by the ministry to promote the open system of affairs .
early this year , the party committee of this unit has promulgated measures such as " supervision of the grass - roots units of the party , " which is a major issue that involves the immediate interests of officers and soldiers and the development of the armed forces .
the unit has set up a 意见箱 栏 示 , which has opened up a bulletin boards on the intranet to collect opinions from everyone .
at the beginning of this year , the soldiers were building decoration and renovation projects in the dormitory , extensively solicited the opinions of officers and men , and issued public bidding information .
it saved the funds and won the support of officers and soldiers .
the work of making public affairs openly and fairly has led to the formation of good atmosphere in the grass roots .
in this unit , no matter whether the grassroots company is determined to be a hot and sensitive issue , the daily expenditure on the daily income of the people visiting relatives and visits to relatives and visits to relatives and relatives will be released regularly .
( international ) research shows that housing shakes up
xinhua news agency , london , july 2 , iceland 's scientists , through research , have found that the risk of 变异 in two genes that mutation the body is far higher than ordinary people .
according to the latest issue of the " natural nature " magazine , researchers from “ gene gene company of iceland 's “ gene company have obtained the above discovery after checking the genes of thousands of people from the united states and the hong kong region of china .
these two genes are similar to those of heart development in the early stage of the brain .
颤 颤动 颤动 颤动 颤动 was one of the most common 失常 of clinical 失常 , which could lead to shortness of breath and fatigue .
in addition , according to a report published on the 1st , researchers from the “ gene company , “ genetics , also found two genes related to 发病 cancer on the 17th chromosome of human chromosome , which played a role in more than one - third of the 病例 cases .
the research also found that one of the genes , one of the genes , also lowered the risk of suffering Ⅱ .
( sports ) us old goalkeeper 凯勒 may retire after the end of the world cup
xinhua news agency , 马拉开波 , venezuela , july 3 , by wire ( reporter jian liu )
according to reports from the venezuelan media on 3 april , the us team 's 37 - year - old goalkeeper 凯勒 said in an interview here that if the match could not be found , he would choose to retire .
if the four to six weeks ended after the end of the game , i could not get a contract for a high - level match between the top league team and the second one .
with the 队 team falling into germany , 凯勒 also left this team of teams for more than two quarters .
although kerry wanted to pick up his hands , he apparently did not worry about his 下家 , he said frankly that there were now eight teams who are interested in joining the team .
however , the old 门神 , who had once served the west and the german primera liga , said how to decide how to choose the family would be a nine - year - old boy , and he had three different choices .
in the recent gold gold cup , 凯勒 played an outstanding role in helping the american team win the championship .
he was still the head of the head coach of the world cup . however , he did not know how to confront the enemy 's four hands , and the united states , the united states , failed to compete with the us team in 出征 .
the next match between columbia and columbia is very likely to be the last performance of the american team in the american cup .
( overseas chinese ) black mobile phones in china at end of august
ottawa , july 4 ( xinhua ) after eight years of hard work , the black 莓 ( Blackberry ) of canada 's RIM company has finally entered the chinese market , and the first black cell phone will be listed in china at the end of august .
RIM 吉姆.鲍尔西利 , chief executive officer of RIM , said that he will introduce black 莓 cell phone service to commercial customers in beijing , shanghai , and guangzhou .
quoting a manager of the beijing office of the RIM beijing office , the " post of the world post " said that the black 莓 smartphone will land in the chinese market at the end of august , and it has already received 5,000 orders .
鲍尔西利 said that last week , apple 's 上市 cell phone has attracted more attention to intelligent mobile phones , and the black 莓 cell phone has now sold more than 100 countries in the world .
according to statistics , in the first quarter of this year , the number of new users of black 莓 mobile phones increased by 1.2 - million , with the total number of users reaching 920万 .
( international ) spain 's husbands and masked men arrested
xinhua news agency , madrid , july 7 ( xinhua ) a woman in spain was attacked by masked bandits in the fight against the culprits and found that the assailants were actually their husbands and police arrested him .
according to local media reports , the woman worked in a bakery in valencia .
one day , a masked man stormed into the shop and thought she was a robber , and she told him that he had left the drawer .
but the man did not take the money , but cut the woman 's neck and wanted to kill her .
she tried to escape the fate of her life , but the man still did not release her .
during the struggle , the woman was covered by the ruffian , but he was surprised to find that her husband was her husband .
the assailants have been arrested by the police .
the victim told the media that she and her husband were handling divorce procedures and they had two children .
thirteen pilots of the pilot company in wuhan , eastern china , claim compensation of over 100 million yuan .
xinhua news agency , wuhan , july 11th , by reporter yang liu
thirteen pilots put forward a huge amount of compensation for a huge amount of compensation filed by the wuhan dongfang airlines limited , which has been given resignation from the east china eastern airlines . this is the biggest labor dispute case .
the investigation by the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee is now being tried .
in may this year , 13 chinese eastern airlines pilots successively tendered their resignation and were refused by the company .
after that , the pilot submitted the application to the labor dispute arbitration committee in hubei province in early june .
after receiving the response from the wuhan company , the wuhan company made a request , demanding the 13 pilots to pay more than 6 million yuan to the labor contract , ranging from more than 6 million to 10 million yuan .
it is understood that the pilot and eastern airlines signed a fixed labor contract without fixed terms of labor contracts , except for terminating conditions or lifting conditions , and labor contracts will continue to be legally retired .
the investigation and handling of the case by the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee will be handled and dealt with by august 8 .
germany urges russia to pass russian border treaty
xinhua news agency , riga , july 12 , german foreign minister steinmeier , who is visiting latvia , called on the russian side to pass the russian border treaty as soon as possible .
施泰因迈 held talks with latvian foreign minister latvia on the same day , mainly discussing issues such as 关系 relations and latvia 's cooperation with latvia and the european union .
at a news conference after the talks , steinmeier called on russia to pass the russian border treaty as soon as possible .
steinmeier said that the pace of improvement in the relations between latvia and the baltic states is relatively slow . the signing process of the russian border treaty bears witness to the development of russian - russian relations , but the shadow of the history of russian - russian relations can be further regressed .
after 10 years of negotiations , latvian prime minister fradkov and russian prime minister fradkov signed the border treaty between the two countries in moscow .
on 17 may , the parliament passed the russian border treaty .
the latvian media reported that the russian parliament will vote on the treaty shortly .
dprk , rok to hold general - level talks
xinhua news agency , pyongyang , july 16 , by wire ( reporter 浩荣 gao )
the military representatives of the dprk and the rok held routine talks on the 16th in panmunjom , and the two sides agreed to hold the sixth general - level talks between the 24 th and 26 th .
according to a report by the korean central news agency , the dprk military representative , colonel park 林洙 , put forward the proposal of setting up a joint fishing zone in the western sea area of the dprk , and clearly explained its reasons .
he said : the establishment of a joint fishing zone must be carried out in the principle of seeking the maximum national unity and prosperity , and ensuring peace and stability .
when talking about the dispute between the two sides , pak said that in order to prevent the two sides from having a military conflict in the western sea area , the two sides should give up their respective border demarcation lines and recognize the relevant agreements between the dprk and the rok as the basis for the korean armistice agreement and international recognition .
he said that the timely formulation of military support measures to promote cooperation between the dprk and the rok is a stand that the dprk military has always adhered to .
he said : at present , the rok side should take measures to protect the dprk 's non - governmental vessels from directly leaving the island and the free passage of cheju channel .
this is the second routine contact between the two koreas since the beginning of this month .
the fifth general - level talks between the dprk and the rok were held on 8 - 11 may at the 板门店 palace on the side of the dprk side .
hyundai motor rejects acquisition of volvo
xinhua news agency , seoul , july 18 , a spokesman for the hyundai motor company of south korea said in seoul on 18 july that the company had no intention of purchasing any brand name from volvo or ford .
the " sunday times " and the new york times all reported the news that ford might sell volvo .
the sunday times reported in a report that the hyundai motor company is a potential buyer of volvo .
a spokesman for the hyundai motor company said that the acquisition of volvo 's 捷豹 捷豹 or 路 虎 was very busy at the time of implementing its expansion plan .
in 1999 ford earned 沃尔沃 billion dollars from sweden 's volvo .
at present , volvo , 虎 and 虎 are all subordinate to ford .
in march this year , ford , who fell into a loss , sold 阿斯顿.马丁 million dollars under 8.48亿 , and last month he also indicated that he would consider selling the tiger and feibao .
( sports ) cuba complaining of the rope in boxing
xinhua news agency , rio de janeiro , july 21 , by wire ( reporter 威华 chen and 冷 、 )
the cuban delegation complained on 21 august that the rope in the pan - blue camp was too short , and would affect the 发挥 level .
according to the rules of the international 拳 , the rope in the international competition should be 6.1 meters long , but the rope in the pan - blue team 's coach 佩德罗.罗克 拳击 is more than one meter shorter than the standard .
罗克 said : we have submitted a formal protest , because this is not an impact on cuba , but it involves all people .
the rope would affect the evasion of the 闪避 .
he also jokingly jokingly said : if you cannot find a rope in the olympic games , you can go somewhere somewhere else .
as soon as we knew , we brought from cuba .
the mexican and colombian delegations also expressed their dissatisfaction over the rope in boxing .
although the colombian 拳手 朱利奥.代尔比斯 won the first battle , he said : although i won the first match , i was very narrow in boxing , but i really felt uncomfortable .
白兔 恢复 re - export orders for overseas distributors
xinhua news agency , shanghai , july 24 ( reporter xu 寿松 , yu 寿松 , yu 丽虹 , yu 丽虹 , yu 丽虹 ) , a reporter learned from the 冠 garden company limited that a large number of foreign distributors have been asked to add orders for a period of time .
经销商 林 , a distributor of 经销商 in singapore , said a few days ago that due to the sampling sample by singapore 's agriculture and veterinary bureau , it could be sold on the market because of the sample tests by the singapore agriculture and veterinary bureau .
马来西亚 公司 , a malaysian distributor who has been born in the garden , said that he demanded that the park be immediately shipped from shanghai to malaysia .
the five - star trade company limited in hong kong also called on the hong kong food safety centre ( cfs ) for a sample of 白兔 samples from the hong kong supermarket .
the trading company limited has received notification from hong kong resources supermarkets that it has decided to resume sales of more than 100 shops in hong kong .
it has been learned that the 10 containers , which have been stranded at shanghai port for a time , have gradually resumed exports .
at present , seven containers of big 白兔 are being sent to the united states and other countries such as 尼泊尔 马来西亚 , singapore , 哥斯达黎加 , 新加坡 , singapore .
( international ) suspected criminal suspects in british supermarket bomb
xinhua news agency , london , july 26 , the british police announced on july 26 that a criminal suspect who was in the 英国 supermarket bombing of “ supermarket in mid - july was arrested on 23 july .
police said that the man was named 菲利普.麦克 , 51 years old , and he would be accused of blackmail and creating a bomb .
on july 14 ( saturday ) , 14 “ 超市 supermarket in britain had been closed due to the threat of bombs because of the bomb threat .
on saturday it was the peak of the british people 's purchase of the supermarket . at that time , the 14 supermarkets closed the largest chain supermarket in britain .
the british police conducted a criminal investigation into the threat of the bomb and announced that there was no sign of terrorist activities , but might have some economic motives .
( sports ) flower changes to be held in beijing olympics “ 季
xinhua news agency , beijing , july 28 ( reporter cui 军强 ) during the olympic games held in beijing next year , high temperature in beijing is expected to become a fresh ocean .
by changing the technical means and other technical means , researchers have found good ways to increase the color of the olympic games .
in the summer olympic games in beijing held in beijing on 28 august , the selection and application of the new strains of flowers and flowers will be assessed by the experts , the selection of new technology , the variety of flowers and varieties of flowers , and the best results in the summer .
in beijing 's summer , it usually can only meet more than 10 blooming flowers , and most of the flowers are dying , or it is far from reaching the crops .
after making efforts , researchers have selected more than 400 varieties of 品种 varieties of flowers and plants in summer olympics .
in the first anniversary of the opening of the 2008 olympic flower exhibition in haidian park in beijing , the first anniversary of the first anniversary of the opening of the beijing olympics will be able to greet visitors with bright flowers .
turkish ruling party wins parliamentary elections
xinhua news agency , ankara , july 30 ( reporter wang jian ) the final result of the 23 rd parliamentary election announced by the turkish supreme electoral commission on 30 july showed that the ruling justice and development party won 341 seats in the ruling party once again .
during the parliamentary election on 22 july , the main opposition party won 112 seats .
the national action party won 71 seats in the election .
in addition to the above three political parties , 26 non - party personages were elected .
turkey 's new parliament will hold its first meeting on august 4 .
all members will be sworn in and will begin their duties .
after that , the parliament will elect a new speaker through secret ballot .
turkey 's parliamentary election was originally scheduled to be held in november , but in the end of april , the presidential election was held against the deputy prime minister and foreign minister of the party , who was just a candidate for justice and development .
