the two paraphernalia stolen from princess 's investigation
london , june 6 , 2007
the london daily news pointed out that the two records of the death toll investigation of princess diana in paris in 1997 were interrogated by the former metropolitan police chief 's office .
the report pointed out that the theft case triggered speculation that the computer might be used by former metropolitan police chief sir stevens .
however , a spokesman for the metropolitan police station said there was no sensitive information in the computer or the relevant information .
sir stevens is the director of the norsandy - albert police station in britain and his office is located in the area of tamenburg .
the report said that the nusaniyo police officers had been searching for two theft cases in the past 10 days .
a weekend holiday that took place between january 28 and 29 , including computers and cash , was taken away , and the second theft occurred last week without any loss .
the northeastern region of northeastern china has been hit by the two theft cases , the norwegian police said .
stevens has been tracing the cause of the death of princess williams because of the accident .
the royal autopsy , bergs , ordered a further investigation of the evidence in 2004 .
princess diana was born on august 31 , 1997 in a paris tunnel accident , where she died together with her , and her wife fafiel and driver .
after two years of investigations , french police believed that the driver was driving and taking the drug , and the car was driven out of control and caused a tragedy .
the two sides agreed to hold talks in geneva in late may
afp , lilbo , july 7 .
norway , who is in the middle of the peace process , said that sri lanka 's warring parties agreed to hold talks in geneva , switzerland on 22 august , to resolve the conflict of racial bloodshed which has lasted for several decades , but to date , the deadlock has been stagnated for three years .
norwegian peace envoy solham and milan liberation tiger negotiator barzan khan were present at the meeting in london .
the norwegian embassy in beijing said in a statement that the conflicts in sri lanka were caused by the sri lanka government and the tamil liberation tiger organization , asking the norwegian government to assist in holding negotiations in geneva on february 22 and february 23 .
the two - day talks will focus on how to strengthen the cease - fire agreement that took effect on 23 february 2002 , and the agreement has not been fully complied with by both sides .
the norwegian embassy said that the two sides will discuss how to improve and implement the cease - fire agreement , which is the first face - to - face talks between the two sides on such a high level in the past three years .
selhaim said he would lead a norwegian team to participate in the negotiations , and the four representatives of the tamil tigers liberation of tanzania led by barzinkhan , while the sri lanka government was led by health minister .
he said : this is a small step that leads to peace , but an important step , the process of negotiations is expected to be arduous .
the first face - to - face talks on the settlement of the sri lanka racial conflict were held in japan in march 2003 , but the tamil liberation tigers cancelled the original seventh round of talks scheduled for april 2003 in thailand .
du lin 's winter olympics open to north and south korean delegates join hands in joining hands
u. s. elbaradei , april 10 , 2007
the 20 th winter olympics opened in duilin today , where south korea and north korea , which are enemies each other during the cold war , joined hands in the two - way event .
south korean women 's runway skating competitor li baorah and north korean man - style skating competitor han jen , respectively , as the head of the two teams , leading south korean north sport team into the winter olympic games hall .
this is the first time that the olympic team from south korea and north korea join hands in the winter olympics .
to reflect the good spirit of solidarity and unity between the two sides in the past few years , the summer olympics in sydney in 2000 and the summer olympics in 2004 both showed a common entry of the south and north korean teams .
north korea did not participate in the 19 th winter olympics held in salt lake , the united states .
the korean peninsula was split in 1948 into a north korea , which practiced capitalism , and the two sides had a long - standing mutual hostility during the korean war between 1950 and 1953 .
south sukhoa and north korea will hold a peace summit in 2000 , and bilateral relations have improved .
the greek delegation is the first country to enter the competition , with the south and the north respectively the 22 nd north korea , 23 , the 23 rd country .
the landlord national union delegation is the last country to enter the event , and when the italian team entered the venue , the warm cheers and applause broke out immediately .
hovman has been lucky in drugs to wake up to create a good performance
new york , march 16 , 2007
it is universally acknowledged that it is most hopeful to win this year 's oscar film , the movie of the pooliberian , the leading player of the chill , philippine cyprus cyprus horosone , revealed that he was unable to extricate himself in drugs and wine when he was little and was so he was luckily successful in the later period .
in an interview with the news magazine of columbia broadcasting corporation of the united states , howman sighed lightly that during that period , he was really unscrupulous in order to obtain drugs and wine .
at that time he was only 20 , and just graduated from the drama department of the new york university , he entered a decorated society with a five - year - old style , and his daily life spinning was finally turned into a coma , and he lost control .
he was at the ereku at the age of 22 and had to be on guard there , thus excluding the habit of drunk and drug trafficking . that was the most panic period in his life .
the upcoming oscar award ceremony will be held next month .
before this , his superb performance was affirmed long ago and has won many awards , including a gold ball prize , best male leading .
during the visit , the 38 - year - old actor said that if he did not intentionally change his bad habit before becoming famous , he could not win the oscar nomination .
he said he envies those old men who were born in the 19 th age of the age of 19 and suddenly became famous and famous .
four traces of bird flu panic in europe
brussels , 16 th ( afp )
the outbreak of avian flu has constantly appeared in europe , causing panic among the people .
eu executive committee approves the establishment of hedge zones to bring the regions of the countries where the virus is found to be under management and ban all birds from the biological trade .
the discovery of the deadly h5n1 virus in nigeria has expanded to more chicken farms , showing signs of cross the northern border and entering the niger .
egypt is investigating a sudden outbreak of chicken slaughtering in a farm in south egypt , fearing that the virus might continue to spread .
european markets are affected by the virus incident , and have declined by a large margin . the eu executive committee stressed that there is no reason to panic .
the executive committee , headed by the health and food safety executive committee , said that the public 's concern about this matter is understandable , but it does not need to react too much .
the virus detected in the past three kilometers of protection zones and 10 kilometers of warning zones around the designated area , the eu executive committee has also issued new regulations to list all the european areas where the virus is found to be the catchpine area .
a eu official who was unwilling to be named pointed out that everyone was nervous , and they were handling the news from various european countries one day to the evening , suspected the outbreak had broken out .
up to now , there are austria 's chesta - oxa - pagoda - vis - vis - vis - vis - ukraine and russia - in europe - - all have shown signs of the 51st virus , almost all of the wild swan found in the wild geese .
romania found the 31 th case on the 16 th , and slovenia 's guantoniya , greece , and germany 's ruildo also found new cases .
the southern part of italy found the avian flu virus in two ducks , the first wild geese in the european region , and the organisms of the virus were infected by the virus .
what is most worrying is the migratory birds that will fly back from africa .
the nigerian government is stepping up its efforts to prevent the spread of the virus in the african continent to mankind .
the nigerian government announced that all poultry farms in the area of 5 kilometers of infected farms , regardless of the threat of the virus , will be destroyed .
neighboring countries , niger , and japan declared a state of alert and also raised $ 4 million in emergency plans , monitoring and borders .
the newly established national emergency committee said that they received a report that , in the frozen border of the two countries , nearly 400 birds were killed .
new regulation on management of electronic banking in china to be effective on 1 march
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese banking regulatory commission ( cbrc ) has announced here today that the " e - banking business management method " and the " guidelines for assessing the safety of the bank " will be implemented on march 1 , 2006 .
a spokesman for the china banking regulatory commission said : according to the management procedures , the examination and approval methods of foreign - invested financial institutions have basically not changed , that is , after foreign banks have been allowed to operate internet banking business , if new types of business of banks need to be added , the main report of the branch within china should be submitted in a unified manner for examination .
to standardize commercial banks ' use the internet to carry out banking business , the people 's bank of china formulated and promulgated the " interim procedures on managing internet banking business " in june 2001 .
a spokesman for the china banking regulatory commission said that with the constant development of the business of commercial banks , the interim procedures cannot meet the requirements for monitoring risks in electronic banks , and the cbrc has formulated two new rules for this purpose .
according to a spokesman of the china banking regulatory commission , the cbrc has determined that the quality of the organization for safety assessment is different from the nature of trade access or the qualification of enterprises . it is not a necessary condition for the appraisal institution to conduct the appraisal of the safety of the electronic banking sector . it is only a reference for the financial institutions to choose the assessment institution .
as long as the safety assessment organization meets the relevant conditions and requirements , even if the banking regulatory commission has not been verified by the quality of its assets , the financial institution can also engage it in the implementation of the electronic banking safety assessment , but it should be managed according to the relevant regulations .
the " procedures for managing business of electronic banks " consists of nine chapters : the general application for hedge and change of risk management data exchange and transferring management of cross - boundary business activities such as contracting out of the management of cross - boundary business activities , etc. the " procedures for managing legal responsibility and supplementary provisions " are divided into nine parts .
the " guidelines for assessing the safety of banks " consists of five chapters and 57 articles , which are divided into three categories : management and supplementary provisions for evaluation of safety safety assessment conducted by the safety assessment bodies of the general parties .
" mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , and chen yun 's investigation and study " published
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the " mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping on the theory of investigation and study " compiled by the central party literature research office was recently published and distributed by the central party literature publishing house .
conduct investigations and studies in a deepgoing manner and persist in combining theory with practice , and formulate and implement correct lines , principles , and policies from this is the basic experience and basic work method of the cpc in leading revolution to develop reform .
mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , chen yun , and other revolutionaries of the older generation , made many important and incisive expositions on the investigation and study issues , and they often went deep into the grass roots to conduct social investigations and wrote many reports .
the practice and results of their investigation and study are of great significance in guiding the cause of the party and the people to advance along the correct road .
" mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , and chen yun 's investigation and research " are divided into three parts : the first part is the extract of the theses of mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation on investigation and research , and the second part is the reviews of mao zedong and other revolutionaries on the study of mao zedong and other revolutionaries . the third part is the three investigation teams of mao zedong and liu sh@@
most of these reports were published for the first time .
in addition , there are two articles on the investigation and study of the central leaders in the 1950 s and 1960 s .
russia reiterates adherence to one china policy
moscow , february 6 ( xinhua ) russian deputy foreign minister alexeyev said here today that russia adheres to the one - china stance when meeting with chinese ambassador to russia liu guchang .
alexeyev said that russia has taken note of chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence .
the russian government has always adhered to the one - china principle and firmly supported china 's efforts to realize the great cause of national reunification .
last year , after the chinese npc passed the anti - secession law , russia took the lead in openly expressing its support .
alexeyev said that the russian foreign ministry will issue a statement as soon as possible , reiterate the one - china stand and oppose the " taiwan independence " forces .
third chinese pilot in beijing , march 16
johannesburg , february 6 ( xinhua ) chinese overseas chinese lin yixing , a native of fuqing , fujian province , made a stern attack on the bar of south africa at midnight on the 5th , local time . on the 6th , he was certified dead at the burundi hospital in south africa 's judicial capital of burundi .
according to feng yang , president of the federation of chinese people of liberian provinces , the incident occurred in a family of wyerkom city , which is more than 130 kilometers northwest of burundi .
at that time , the shop owner lin yixing picked up the goods inside the bar and was preparing to end the business for a day .
at this time , there were three customers in the shop , one of them pulled out their handguns and then robbed them .
more than 40 years old lin yixing and the scoundrels waged a struggle , and the scoundrels fired a shot at lin yixing , and then fled .
the local people who rushed to the scene sent lin yixing to the hospital for treatment . because lin yixing 's body was covered with a full - fledged mathematics seepage leakage , blood was not stopped , and blood was killed at around 3 : 30 am on 6 february .
on 6 february , xu deguang and wu yonggang , chinese consulate general in boston , and lin changming , vice president of the south african chinese fujian association , and others drove to burundi to help the family members of the deceased handle the aftermath of the accident .
mr lam became the first criminal suspect to be shot and killed by the culprits within 36 hours , and also the fourth chinese to be killed in south africa this year .
shanghai : part - time workers and college graduates become the main force of hourly work
beijing , february 7 ( xinhua ) the labor and social security bureau of shanghai announced here today that the number of jobs involved in the latest year 2006 has reached 120 , an increase of 11 over the previous one , and the number of jobs in the original positions has been increasing and declining .
according to an expert from the shanghai labor and social security bureau , currently , the number of hours employed in shanghai has exceeded 1 million .
according to a report by the china youth daily , graduates and part - time workers of institutions of higher learning are the main components of the contingent of hours workers .
through direct investigation of nearly 8,000 hours of work , more than half of the staff are part - time workers , and the proportion is 51.1 percent .
the level of culture for part - time workers is generally higher , and they are mainly engaged in work with a strong technical skill , such as translation , part - time personnel , as much as 81.7 percent , and fitness standards reaching 61.6 percent .
high income is an important reason why many people are engaged in hourly work and part - time work .
it is understood that the monthly income of individual jobs can reach tens of thousands of yuan , and it will be difficult to seek , as if the voice transmitted is transmitted , the monthly income of the workstations can be more than 2,000 yuan , such as serving as finance minister shaniyeh sima , etc.
to meet their own interests , to expand their knowledge , they are also important reasons for their being favored by part - time work .
for example , when mr koo , a manager of the human resources department , will take a few hours a week to handle the financial accounts of a foreign trade representative office .
mr koo believes that the maximum profits from part - time jobs are to keep updating their knowledge and to have the opportunity to involve another field . of course , the income of each month of 2000 yuan also has a certain degree of enticement .
as the employment threshold for some hours of work is low , the work style is flexible and free , and is gradually favored by many graduates currently seeking employment , 141 % of the hours are graduates of middle and primary schools who have been engaged in the work for nearly three years .
i did n't want to do an hour at the beginning , but after several months , i felt it was better to have a little bit more than that of the fifth day of work in north korea .
after graduating from university student huang , the job found was not as satisfactory as before . in the end , he hung up a name at a guesthouse and used piano to play background music .
i am very satisfied with the current work , and the environment is good . i am now doing more to find a few hours of work .
it is understood that an hour - long work has become a model of experience in the work of some graduates who are working on job - seeking work , and an important way to enhance their skills in work and communication skills .
the graduates are working in an hour , mainly in a knowledge - based and skilled job - seeker positions such as translation posts with strong professional skills , and performing arts with a strong epochal character , which are 22.1 % and 26.8 % respectively .
the skills required for some hours of work are not high , such as food promotion and marketing agents , and unemployed personnel can be appointed through simple training .
the data showed that among the employees in the hours , 39.9 percent were unemployed , among which , 68.4 percent were unemployed , 68.4 percent were retail , and 58.7 percent were catering , and an important channel for unemployed workers to find jobs .
prc 's wu bangguo inspects anhui work
beijing , february 8 ( xinhua ) the political bureau standing committee of the communist party of china ( cpc ) central committee , member of the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) , wu bangguo , stressed during a recent inspection of work in anhui that three important thoughts should be taken as guidance , and that the scientific development concept should be guided by the scientific development concept in overall economic and social development , and in light of local conditions , we should further emancipate our minds and creatively carry out
from 6 to 8 february , wu bangguo went to the malaanshan mountain , wuguihua , etc. , and went deep into the guanying rural scientific research institute and higher education institutions in enterprises .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui is a region that enjoys the advantage of leading the southern side of liuchi in east china . it is an important agricultural region in china . it is rich in natural resources , a relatively good industrial base , a strong science and education force , and a rich cultural and tourist resources . it has great potential for development .
anhui should firmly seize the important opportunity of promoting the rise of the central region , always firmly adhere to the central task of economic construction , conscientiously implement the central guidelines and policies in light of anhui 's actual conditions , creatively carry out work , implement the scientific development concept in specific measures , and implement it in practical work .
we should sum up our practical experience in a timely manner , fully rely on the masses of the people , vigorously support reform and innovation , and constantly create a new situation in anhui 's work .
we should actively promote the building of a harmonious society , persistently regard the realization of the fundamental interests of the broadest masses of the people as the starting point and the end - result of all our work , actively create conditions , gradually solve practical problems of the masses in difficulties , gradually adjust the distribution relations , gradually change the regional disparities in the two rural areas , gradually narrow the structure of the urban and rural areas , safeguard social justice , and enable all the people to share the fruits of reform and
wu bangguo stressed : china has reached a stage where it must rely more on its own efforts to enhance its ability to innovate independently and improve the quality of laborers to promote economic and social development . only by vigorously promoting scientific and technological progress and innovation can we achieve a leap in the quality of productive forces and push economic and social development into the orbit of scientific development .
we should establish and perfect systems and mechanisms that are conducive to innovation as soon as possible , increase investment in science and technology , encourage patent inventions , develop famous brands , speed up the conversion of scientific and technological achievements into practical productive forces , strengthen enterprises ' status as the main body in independent innovation , and constantly raise the contribution rate of scientific and technological progress in economic growth .
we should support and encourage the participation of key technical elements in distribution , establish and perfect a statistical system that reflects our ability to independently innovate , study and formulate policies that support financial and taxation as well as government procurement to support independent innovation , and form a policy system that encourages independent innovation .
we should foster a sense of innovation in the whole society , vigorously promote the spirit of daring to innovate and compete with one another , and strive to create a good atmosphere for the emergence of talent .
wu bangguo pointed out : in the course of building a socialist country ruled by law , the npc has played an increasingly great role .
to do a good job in the work of people 's congresses under the new situation , first , we should adhere to the correct political orientation , unswervingly follow the road of political development with chinese characteristics , and organically integrate upholding the party 's leadership with being the masters of the country and administering the country according to law .
second , we should center our work around the overall interests of the party and the state , closely center our work around the major issues in reform , development , and stability , carry out our work closely around hot and difficult issues that the masses are generally concerned about , and constantly enhance the practical results of the work of the people 's congresses .
third , we should give play to the characteristics and advantages of the npc 's work , uphold democratic centralism , act according to the procedures , and make collective decisions on issues .
we should adhere to the mass line , take people as the foundation , use power for the people , link our intelligence with the people , and work for the people .
china proposes major scientific research plans for the next 15 years
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) china has made great efforts to enhance its international competitiveness , promote sustainable development , and achieve a major leap forward in the " outline of the state 's medium and long - term scientific and technological development program ( 2006 - 2020 ) " promulgated by the state council on the 9th .
the four major scientific projects are the research on the control of the protein , the research on the regulation and control of the magnesotic , and the research on breeding and breeding .
the outline points out that protein science is the commanding height in life science that developed countries are contending for .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on research on the pyroid specimen structure of the major biomedical system , the biomedical structure of biomass breathing biology , biology and biology , system - related research , and protein research , and relevant applied basic research .
the outline also holds that the study of quantitative regulation and control is of a clear farsightedness and is likely to have an inestimable impact on human social and economic development by 2030 .
china should focus on studying the carrier of quanzi telecommunications , the principles and methods of regulation and control , the quantitative calculation , the new quantitative effect of the limited system of small - scale quantitative factors , the new principles and new technological basis of quantitative regulation and control , and the new technology .
in addition , the outline points out that nanotechnology has become a strategic choice for many countries to enhance their core competitiveness and is also one of the fields in which china can achieve leapfrog development .
in the next 15 years , china will focus its research on the control of nanotechnology materials , the assembly of self - made weapons , the use of such weapons as suzimbabwe - mi - nambiology and nanotechnology , nanotechnology , nanotechnology , and nanotechnology , in the application of energy environment , information technology , and other fields .
china 's population growth is large , there are many flaws of birth , serious shortage of organs for transplant , and the peak of aging , so it is urgently necessary to make breakthroughs in reproductive and development of scientific theories and technological innovation .
according to the outline , china will focus on research on the growth of stem cells and regulation and control in 2006 - 2020 , and the maturity of breeding cells and the degradation of human reproductive functions and the reproductive mechanism , the security and ethics of supporting reproductive and stem cells technology , etc.
shanghai 's housing price increase slowed by nearly 7 percentage points last year
shanghai , february 9 ( xinhua ) the government has decided to introduce a new policy of macro regulation and control of the real estate industry in 2005 , a senior chinese official said here today .
according to the latest figures released , last year , shanghai 's real estate industry saw a marked decline or slow growth in all the indices .
the price of residential housing dropped 6.6 percent from the previous year , while the real estate industry 's added value declined 4.1 percent from the previous year .
pan jianxin , director of the shanghai municipal bureau of statistics , said at a press conference the other day that the average sales price of shanghai 's residential housing was 698 yuan / square meters in 2005 , an increase of 313 yuan over 2004 .
the price of domestic sales for the whole year increased by 9.2 percent over the previous year , and the rate of increase was 6.6 percentage points lower than the previous year .
the added value of the real estate industry for the whole year was 670.23 billion yuan , a 4.1 percent decrease from the previous year .
the average monthly housing loan ratio of the financial sector was 26.44494 - billion yuan , a rise of 9.94 - billion yuan in the year , while the amount of loans increased by 2004 reached 72.89 - billion yuan .
pan jianxin said that judging from the sales price of shanghai 's real estate , the sales price of commercial housing has been steadily down .
the statistics also show that according to the latest data , the real estate price increase in shanghai has somewhat dropped in 2005 , and the average sales price of residential housing is 6698 yuan / square meters , 313 yuan higher than that of 2004 .
the annual housing sales price level increased by 9.7 percent over the previous year , and the rate of increase was 6.2 percentage points lower than the previous year .
according to him , last year , shanghai completed real estate development investment of 124.66 - billion yuan , up 6.1 percent from the previous year .
the sales area was 3158.87 million square meters , down 9.5 percent .
sales in the whole year totaled 216.13 - billion yuan , a 4.55 percent decrease from the previous year .
two light planes crashed in new zealand
wellington , february 9 ( xinhua ) two new zealand light planes crashed in the southern province of southwestern of wellington on the 9th , killing two pilots of the flight institute .
according to a relevant person in the local civil aviation department , the drivers on the two planes are all members of the aviation institute of the mali university , and they are still undergoing training and have not obtained a flying license .
at the time of the incident , the two planes were in the non - air control area , and according to regulations , the pilots should be responsible for the navigation and security conditions of the aircraft when flying in such a region .
a witness at the scene of the incident told the new zealand media that he had heard a huge explosion when the plane was collision and saw the plane crashed into the ground .
another witness confirmed that before the plane crashed , he had heard a huge explosion and saw a plane crashed .
the cause of the collision is still unclear , and the local civil aviation authorities will conduct investigations on this .
chinese , argentine nationals condemn chen shui - bian 's taiwan independence statement
buenos aires , february 8 ( xinhua ) the national federation of overseas chinese and ethnic chinese residing in argentina issued a solemn statement on the 8th , strongly condemning chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence in argentina and opposing any attempt to separate taiwan from china .
the statement said : in his speech delivered on 29 january , chen shui - bian declared that he would abolish the national unification council and the national reunification program of the kingdom of vietnam , and that the kmt would follow another step toward the taiwan independence movement .
the hope of compatriots on both sides of the strait for peace and the good aspiration of the taiwan compatriots for peace and stability and development will face severe challenges .
the statement pointed out that resolutely opposing and containing the splittist activities of taiwan independence forces and safeguarding peace and stability in the taiwan strait region are still the most pressing tasks of the compatriots on both sides of the strait and the chinese society in the whole world .
the statement stressed that the council of promoting peaceful reunification of argentina is willing to join all the chinese nationals and ethnic chinese on both sides of the strait in uniting with one another and resolutely oppose any form of taiwan independence movement , and actively promote china 's peaceful reunification .
chinese expert : us preaching of china 's military threat is unjustified accusation
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to extend the current arms sales to the united states by a large margin in the first time , the " four - year defense review report " officially submitted to congress a few days ago , which claims that china is the most likely new big country that will pose a military challenge to the united states .
experts believe that this is an unreasonable accusation against china 's normal national defense construction , and it is a interference in china 's internal affairs to exaggerate the chinese military threat .
the " four - year defense review report " is a new national defense guiding document of the pentagon .
the 92 - page report used three paragraphs to discuss china 's military strength and the countermeasures that the united states should take , 15 times directly mentions china 's taeine or china 's two phrases , which are the main and newly emerging big countries , and china is most capable of competing with the united states . if the united states does not have anti - us measures , china will develop military bad weapons , and thus it will break the traditional us military superiority in the military
yao yunzhu , research fellow of the world military research department of the chinese academy of military sciences , said that although senior us officials had expressed similar viewpoints on many occasions before , this was the first time that the united states proposed in its national defense strategy report that china is the most likely new and most likely big country that would pose a military challenge to the united states .
the report for the first time clearly regards russia as a new strategic opponent , especially a military threat to the so - called china .
rear admiral peng guangqian , research fellow of the chinese academy of military sciences , said :
it is worth noting that the " four - year defense review report " was officially submitted on the same day , and us president bush also submitted to the congress a government budget for fiscal 2007 , of which the defense budget was $ 439.3 - billion .
if the united states added the additional military budget to be added to military actions in iraq and afghanistan , the us defense budget for fiscal 2007 will break the $ 500 - billion mark , set a historical high , pang guangqian said , adding that this is almost equivalent to the total military expenditure of all other countries in the world .
peng guangqian held that the us method of creating the threat of other countries reflects the consistent style of the pentagon in creating enemies , and its real purpose is to strive for more national defense funds and to make more profits for the huge us arms industrial group .
experts say that compared with the huge military spending of the united states , china 's defense expenditure is quite limited .
the military expert deng hongzhou , who had participated in many times in the chinese national defense white paper , said that since the 1990 s , china 's national defense spending has increased , but the proportion of the national financial expenditure in the same period has shown a downward trend .
official statistics show that compared with 1979 , china 's defense spending accounts for nearly 10 of the total national financial expenditure in the same period .
china 's defense expenditure in 2005 was 244.656 - billion yuan , only about one - fourth of the united states , and the per capita military expenditure of the people is only about one - 60 of the united states , and the per capita military spending is about one - third of the us military .
the land area of the united states is roughly the same as china 's territory , but the difference in military spending is so huge . who 's the military force going beyond the proper defense needs ? this is self - evident .
peng guangqian said :
teng jianqun , director of the research department of the china arms control and disarmament association , said that the us side should objectively assess china 's military construction situation , and that china 's peaceful development does not mean that china and the united states will become opponents militarily .
the " 2004 china 's national defense " white paper says that china firmly takes the road of peaceful development and implements a defensive national defense policy .
china did not have any future threat to any country in the past and at present .
so far , china has not established military bases in any other country , nor has it sent a pawn to other countries , while more than 100 military bases overseas are deployed in asia alone , and more than 100,000 troops are deployed .
zhu feng , professor of the international relations institute of beijing university , said : china and the united states should increase communication and exchanges through established channels , enhance mutual understanding and mutual trust , and comprehensively promote the constructive and cooperative relations between china and the united states in the new century so as to jointly promote peace and development in the world .
( winter olympics ) turin winter olympics opening ceremony to be held
xinhua news agency , turin , february 9 ( reporter ding ying and yan tao ) the opening ceremony of the 20 th winter olympics will be officially opened at 8 : 00 p.m . local time on the evening of the 10th .
on 9 november , the organizing committee of the turin winter olympic games disclosed to reporters ahead of schedule the brilliant arrangements for the opening ceremony .
regarding the opening ceremony , kastai - ani , chairman of the organizing committee , said at a press conference that the opening ceremony was costly for tens of millions of euros and pooled top talent in various fields in italy .
he said : the night of the 10th will be forgotten . at that time , 35,000 viewers and about 2 - billion tv viewers around the world will see the opening ceremony full of passionate and successful opening .
the intense flames of flames were moving forward , the pigeons of peace , the white snowy and milk in alps would appear at the opening ceremony , the director said , the pair of the pair and the talented people of italy will become the theme of the opening ceremony and the theme of the new olympic games , which will be the largest of the history . he will show the chinese people the four cultural style of the italian national olympic games , and the four
italian design master marani specially designed clothes for the opening ceremony , and italy 's famous fashion brand moguskono will provide courtesy for the athletes ' attendance .
however , the famous italian man , noda pavarotti , will sing a song at the opening ceremony , and the organizing committee will leave this suspense in the end .
eight experts who can spray flames into the flames will use the flames of more than three meters long to show the intense burning sentiments . they will shuttle on several occasions at the site at a speed of 70 kilometers .
officials of the organizing committee believed that this was the most satisfactory creation in the opening ceremony .
as for how to lit the main torch , the organizing committee did not reveal it ahead of schedule , but the 57 - meter main torch tower will illuminate the residents on the alps ' hill near .
white house announces bush 's planned visit to pakistan and india in march
washington , february 9 ( xinhua ) the us white house spokesman mcclellan said at a press conference on the 9th that although the blasphemy of islam and the premeditated islamic movement of mohammed had triggered a strong protest in the islamic world , president bush would still visit pakistan and india in march according to plan .
mcclellan said that bush looked forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he also said that he is making arrangements for the visit .
mcclellan made the remarks at a press conference in pakistan to protest against the profaniency of premeditated islamic preaching mohammed .
in january this year , when bush met with pakistani prime minister aziz at the white house , both sides expressed their willingness to strengthen friendly cooperation and jointly crack down on terrorism that endangers the security of the two countries .
bush also said that at the invitation of the pakistani and indian governments , he would visit pakistan and india in march .
hamas to form cabinet to seek breakthrough
ramallah , february 9 ( xinhua ) hamas has formed a cabinet to seek a breakthrough
xinhua news agency reporter haohuang
the palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) has won the election of the legislative council , how to draw up a new government blueprint has become the focus of attention in the international community .
what kind of new policy hamas will pursue will have a direct impact on the policy direction of all parties concerned in the peace process .
at the same time , the resistance attitude of the united states and israel has added variables to the prospects of the hamas government .
at present , all sides in palestine are stepping up consultations to discuss the difficulties and sensitive points in the formation of the cabinet , which involves the development of the situation in the future .
who will the prime minister 's post cost ?
after hamas won the cabinet , some people outside the cabinet were worried that there might be differences between hamas prime minister 's advisory council and current leader abbas .
moreover , hamas leader marshal , who is visiting egypt , stressed that the new palestinian government headed by hamas will not recognize israel , and this tough signal has intensified international concern .
the united states and israel explicitly expressed their disapproval of a hamas government that holds real power , and threatened to halt economic aid to palestine and transfer taxes to the palestinian side .
however , this does not obstruct hamas from making flexible strategic adjustments and selecting independent people is a policy of compromise .
it is reported that in order to obtain the maximum international recognition , hamas domestic and foreign leaders who have come to egypt recently decided to elect an independent chairman of the board of directors of the shahadan university of egypt jalal hodin ho - ni as the new prime minister .
this move has not yet received any response from the relevant parties .
palestinian analyst hossein hussein said that the most important thing for the prime minister is to play down hamas 's tough guy as much as possible , and only by so doing can the success of the cabinet be guaranteed .
how power is distributed ?
within the organization , the biggest challenge facing hamas is the lack of sufficient experience in governance .
the palestinian newspaper " shiji " carried an analysis saying that hamas has drawn people 's attention through social welfare projects , but in governing , it lacks experience and is unrelated to the palestinian national liberation movement ( fatah ) , which has the experience in ruling the country .
hamas proposed establishing political partnership with fatah after the election , and jointly establishing a national coalition government , but fatah has not given a positive response to this .
within fatah , there are different opinions on whether to join the cabinet , and one faction advocates joining the new government , thereby achieving something . another faction rejects hamas 's invitation and is willing to act as a positive and pawn opposition in the legislative yuan .
the source pointed out that , under abbas 's persuasion , fatah gradually leans toward joining the new government .
even so , hamas and fatah will also bargain over the distribution of cabinet posts .
in addition , the other way is to set up a cabinet that is outside the framework of the legislative council .
according to reports , hamas has also designed a clean and one - sex expert - style government , but the specific name list is not known .
in view of the attitude of the united states and israel , the technical expert - style government is no longer in the form of a cabinet to ease external pressure .
according to the basic law of palestine , the new legislative council will nominate prime minister and form a cabinet after it takes office on 16 june .
where should armed forces go ?
the weapons in hamas are another thorny issue facing the establishment of a new government .
the united states and israel are very tough in their attitude , and resolutely demand that hamas give up violence and refuse to participate in politics with the gun .
hamas leader marshal stressed on 9 november that armed resistance is a strategic choice of the organization .
the armed forces ' problem actually includes the legitimacy of weapons and the management of armed forces .
hamas elected to the first congress of the legislative council through democratic and free means , and it has given international recognition that its armed factions , the armed factions , the same as the legalization of the pact , are to unify them into the government 's security organs .
hamas once proposed that all factions should be united as the palestinian national authority , but did not receive a broad response , and was also criticized by the palestinian islamic jihad organization ( jaad ) .
palestine currently has more than 60,000 security personnel , and the majority of them are from the fatah camp .
moreover , fatah also has some armed factions with loosened organizational relations , such as the al-faaka martyrs ' brigades , and the hawks of fatah .
hamas , in charge of forming a cabinet , must reach an agreement with abbas on how to manage the armed forces that manage their own affairs , and reasonably distribute security management powers .
according to local media reports , abbas intends to take charge of security and intelligence units , police , and civil defense organizations , but the new government 's internal affairs department is under control .
however , all parties are still holding consultations on this sensitive issue , and there is no report yet .
china issues report on polar survey
beijing , february 10 ( xinhua ) the chinese national maritime administration ( nmarine ) recently issued the 2005 china polar survey report , which is the first high - level scientific research activity launched by china since the country started its polar scientific research activities more than 20 years ago .
the report comprehensively reflects the scientific research activity of china 's polar region in 2005 , and the major progress and achievements of the scientific research of logistics support geosystem . paul l. r. l. r. l. r. . .
according to the " report , " the report said at 2:15 hours ( beijing time ) on 9 january 2005 , the chinese antarctic inspection team of inland icecap units successfully climbed to the highest inner - pole region of the antarctic inland icecap at 2:15 hours ( beijing time ) on 18 january . the height of the highest position of the ice - based rome was 4093 meters .
in the increasingly fierce international polar field observation stage , the strong will and fearless spirit of the chinese people , and they are bold in opening up new fields , first of all , launching the pounding of the most heated snapshot of the antarctic , and achieving success in one move , thereby realizing another new dream of mankind in the antarctic .
sun zhihui , director of the state oceanography bureau , said :
the " report " shows that on 24 march 2005 , the 21st antarctic expedition team of china successfully completed its mission and returned to shanghai . the inspection lasted for 151 days and was 26,500 nautical miles .
on 18 november of the same year , the 22 nd antarctic expedition team of china left shanghai and went to the antarctic middle - class center to conduct scientific examination . it will leave the zhongshan station in australia before the end of february 2006 and return to shanghai via australia .
because it was the first time china issued the report on polar studies , the 2005 report on china 's polar research on polar land , which also gave an account of and summed up china 's polar exploration project , which was started in the 1980 s .
according to the " report , " china formally joined the " antarctic treaty " in 1983 and became a member state of the antarctic treaty organization , and successively became the most influential council of the antarctic council of the antarctic countries consultation on the antarctic treaty , and other members of the most influential international organization for the nanopolaro science research commission , such as the council of directors of the antarctic bureau .
in 1997 , china became a member of the arctic science committee , and won the right to speak and make decisions in international polar affairs .
the " report " points out that in the past 20 - odd years , china 's ultra - earth inspection has been conducted in an all - round way , and is developing in a large scale . it has formed a scientific research system of three stations , namely , the changcheng city station of the antarctic , established in february 1985 , the nanpolar middle - hill station established in february 1989 , the beihai pole yellow river station established in july , and the north song@@
statistics from the " report " show that by the end of 2005 , china had organized 22 antarctic scientific surveys , with the songcha - vanuatolia sailing vessels as the northern pole scientific expedition observation station . so far more than 3,000 national observation teams have personally inspected the nanbei pole pole on - spot inspection .
at present , we are working for the establishment of the third antarctic observation station , and is also the first inland survey station in china to conduct feasibility investigation and study .
sun zhihui said :
after more than 20 years of efforts , china 's polar exploration has occupied a considerable position in the world 's polar exploration , but it is not the same as other countries that are conducting inspections of the country . we must catch up and pour up .
he said .
sun zhihui disclosed that china will publish the polar study report every year .
castro meets chinese official , stresses cooperation with cuba
havana , february 10 ( xinhua ) cuban president fidel castro met with visiting chinese state councilor chen zhili on the 10th , and both sides expressed their willingness to strengthen mutually beneficial cooperation in education , science and technology and other fields .
president castro warmly welcomed state councillor chen zhili to visit cuba .
he said : cuba and china have enjoyed very friendly relations , and high - level visits have been frequent . this has effectively promoted and strengthened the friendship and mutual understanding between the two countries and hoped that the two countries will continue to deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in various fields , including education and science and technology .
chen zhili said : cuba is an influential country in latin america and the caribbean region .
the friendly exchanges between the chinese and cuban peoples have a long history .
cuba is the first latin american country to establish diplomatic ties with new china .
after entering the new century , with the concern and promotion of the leaders of the two countries , mutual political trust between the two countries has become increasingly deepened , the scope of cooperation has expanded , and mutual support and cooperation in international affairs have entered a new era of comprehensive development of sino - cuban friendly relations .
she believed that with the joint efforts of both sides , sino - cuban friendly cooperation will certainly produce more fruitful results .
chen zhili also pointed out that the chinese government has always attached importance to exchanges and cooperation with cuba in the educational field .
in recent years , educational exchanges between the two countries have become increasingly close and personnel contacts have been frequent .
china actively supports the international conference held by cuba and has sent delegations to attend the world higher education conference and the 2005 illiteracy elimination conference .
cuba 's basic education is very high and it hopes to further strengthen relevant experience in the future .
chen zhili said : china and cuba have advantages in scientific and technological research and development , and can carry out cooperation in various fields to achieve mutual benefit and win - win results .
the chinese side has provided aid to cuba 's scientific research facilities this time , and hopes to play a positive role in cuba 's scientific research and production .
she also briefed castro on china 's strategy of revitalizing the country through science and technology and the situation of the national science and technology conference .
chen arrived here on february 9 , at the invitation of the cuban government , havana was scheduled to begin his visit to cuba .
during the meeting , chen zhili met with cuban minister of higher education vasilo and inspected the university of khavana 's information science , suzuki university and smaria elementary school .
gas leakage on beijing - kazakhstan highway closed
harbin , february 11 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to build a railway in the area of 58 kilometers of the beijing - kazakhstan highway at about 2300 hours on february 10 , causing a leak in a tanker , leading to closure of some sections of the road .
according to the police officers of the traffic police unit of the shuangcheng city public security bureau , three car - collision accidents occurred at 58 kilometers of the beijing - kazakhstan highway , one passenger truck and an oil tanker crashed together , and a crack cracks were found in the oil tank compartment , and the oil - filling oil used inside was flowing onto the road .
it is understood that the tanker 's oil tanker is carrying waste oil after producing coke .
because the waste oil is very thick and thick , at the same time , the authorities concerned have closed the road at the scene of the accident because of the risk of the flower being caused by the flames .
some roads in harbin heading for shuangcheng were closed , and many bypass .
at present , the relevant departments are cleaning up the scene , and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) and tamar whitai announced the listing of the three italian flag
hong kong , february 11 ( xinhua ) the hutchison whampoa company , ltd. announced on the 11th that it would launch a three - dimensional listing plan for the company under the flag of the yantai telecommunications company .
huo jianning , general manager of the yellow group , said that although the listing of the three italian companies has been approved by all relevant regulatory authorities , the listing procedure must be completed in the next few weeks , and the time is really too tight .
meanwhile , the european telecommunications market is weak , and the market may not necessarily offer italy a suitable market for a listing at this moment .
in view of the maximum interests of shareholders , the decision to postpone the listing is to be delayed .
as for when to issue shares to be listed on the market , mr fok said that the future business situation in the european telecommunications market would depend on .
he believes that from now on to the time of further offering , the broadest scope of investors ' educational activities should be launched to enable the global telecommunications investment market to understand more clearly the current strong performance and favorable prospects of italy 's peculiar pawosktae .
according to media reports , one of the three italian global coordinators , golkar , the investment bank , goldman sachs , agreed to sell 420 million euros in private , with 10 percent of the total pyramid peso shares , and the transaction is expected to be completed by the end of march this year .
china , burma enjoy good economic and trade ties : official
yangon , february 12 ( xinhua ) chinese ambassador to burma jim and economic and trade counselor tang haihai gave an interview to this reporter on the eve of myanmar prime minister soe win 's visit to china on the 14th . he said that the economic and trade relations between china and burma are now developing in a mutually beneficial and mutually beneficial situation in which the content of the two countries ' economic and trade relations is rich in variety .
ambassador mike said : in recent years , the sino - burmese good - neighborly and friendly relations , established on the basis of the five principles of peaceful coexistence , have been consolidated and developed , exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been expanding and deepening , and economic and trade relations between the two countries have been expanding and strengthening .
tang haohai said : the two countries have maintained high - level exchanges of visits , which have given a strong impetus to the development of bilateral economic and trade relations .
during the exchange of high - level visits between the two countries in 2004 , the two sides signed 33 documents on economic and trade cooperation , most of which are being implemented and implemented .
he said : the figure for 2004 is $ 11.4 - billion , and in 2005 , it reached $ 1.309 - billion , of which $ 935 - billion were exports by china , and $ 274 - million were imports .
in bilateral trade last year , the trade between china 's yunnan and burma reached 630 million us dollars , an increase of 14.6 percent over the previous year .
tang said myanmar has become a major market for chinese enterprises to carry out contract engineering , and china 's major projects in burma include bridges and factories ( such as sugar - powered plant , pmud - ray pile papero , and so on .
chinese enterprises have launched engineering projects in burma , which has brought along the export of all kinds of mechanical and electronic products in china , and myanmar has become one of the important markets for china 's export of complete sets of equipment and mechanical and electronic products .
according to statistics from the chinese customs , the export of mechanical and electronic products has accounted for about 45.5 percent of china 's total exports to burma in the past five to six years .
the myanmar minister said that the chinese company has started to invest in the copper mine of the oil - gas - rich nickel mine in burma , and the potential for the development of the sino - burmese economic and trade cooperation is great .
he hoped that chinese enterprises would have a long - term view , learn to avoid risks , make prudent decisions , establish a good business image , and ensure that the projects are properly maintained and the quality of the projects is completed on schedule , and win glory for the country .
ambassador to the management and counselor tang haohai both held that the upcoming official visit to china by prime minister soe is a major event in bilateral relations this year , and is of great significance to promoting mutual political trust , promoting bilateral cooperation , and promoting the further development of good - neighborly and friendly relations between china and burma .
it is expected that during the visit , the two sides will sign several documents on economic and trade cooperation .
world bank to reduce debt to poorest countries
moscow , february 11 ( xinhua ) world bank president wolfowitz said in moscow on the 11th that the world bank will completely remove the debt of the poorest countries by the middle of this year .
on the same day , wolfowitz held talks with the finance ministers of various countries who came to attend the g - 8 finance ministers ' meeting in moscow .
in a statement issued after the meeting , he said that the world bank will implement the debt relief program before 1 july this year , and the world bank is now completing all technical work .
last year , the donor countries of the world bank completely dismissed the debts owed by 28 countries and said they would fill the funds for the trust funds .
the ratio of creditor 's rights of the international monetary fund is relatively small , and the organization has started to reduce or waive its debts since the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz 's decision on russia 's decision to exempt debts from 16 african countries .
the high - tech digital television in the united states has become mainstream
new york , february 12 ( xinhua ) with the rapid development of high - resolution digital television ( scs ) , the prices of these tvs ( dtv ) have been declining and the market is expanding , and us tv transmission organizations have also stepped up their efforts to introduce corresponding high - level television programs .
the newly - set us super - powered rowdler - myers olive rugby soccer has become a hot - body for american broadcast workers to welcome the high - speed television contest .
according to a recent report by the financial times , the us congress recently passed a bill stipulating that american broadcasters must completely stop broadcasting the current mock tv signals on 17 february 2009 , and only broadcast the digital signals .
this implies that the comprehensive digitization of the us television program has already been set out .
the popularization of high resolution digital television depends on consumers to purchase tv sets , while on the one hand , the production agencies should provide high - resolution programs .
although digital television has been repeatedly mentioned in the past few years , it has not become a reality .
this problem has taken a turn for the better this year .
according to the forecast of the consumer electronics association of the united states , the sales of digital tv sets will exceed the traditional tv sets for the first time this year , while the number of digital tv sets is 85.0 % high resolution products .
the japanese researchers developed a new highly efficient human kidney manufacturing system
tokyo , february 13 ( xinhua ) the research institute of the japanese east china sea university developed a biohuman kidney which not only has the same functions as human kidney transfers , but also has the functions of retaining the functions of material components , and is small in size and easy to transplant . with the study going deep , it is hopeful to bring good news to kidney patients .
according to a report by the nihon keizai shimbun , the newly developed biological kidney mainly consists of two parts , while part of the suckling sutra - waste and water - sewage treatment works of xie guijin , while the other part is the refreshing of blood from the components of the former lieutenant general and the acid acid acid acid , etc.
the cost of developing the pathogens and the tumors of the people is made by the silk wire of the central sky , and the people are made with the inside side of the thoses of the compartments of the functions of the substitute tleather .
this kind of skin cells can make blood transfusion into diseases caused by blood transfusion , and can make the analysis of the variability of the variability of the variable variables of the inamine genetic substances into the blood of the pyp and the blood , and at the same time , it can also enable the wine - roaming roamine and mineral materials that are needed in the body to enter the blood again .
in the past , the human - made kidney transmitted through the differing lethal pressure cannot completely remove the lethal waste , and it is not suitable to return the blood of the acid and other components to the blood .
researchers used the hills to carry out biohuman transplant experiments , and the center - walls of human - made kidney , middle - air walls used pig cells .
two weeks later , researchers confirmed that human - made kidney has been able to function .
currently , they are developing and using human kidney cells to make biomedic kidney , and will start clinical research after verification of their safety .
china 's electricity industry faces severe challenge
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) a responsible person of the state power regulatory commission said on the 13th that despite the overall situation of electricity safety and production in 2005 , the power industry is still facing a severe challenge .
shi yubo , vice chairman of the state power regulatory commission , said at the fifth ( enlargement ) meeting of the national electricity safety production committee that china 's electricity safety in 2005 was generally stable , and that china successfully fulfilled the task of electricity supply in the summer of the summer , achieved a safe supply of electricity , actively dealt with natural disasters , basically ensured the safe operation of the power system , and substantially reduced the number of power safety equipment accidents and general power grids , and improved the
however , he pointed out that with the changes in the situation in supply and demand and the large number of newly built generator units successively operating , the production of electricity safety will face new challenges .
these challenges include regional complementarity , volatile power shortage , and the situation of electricity supply and demand in some areas will remain tight , and because the mechanism for good coal prices has not yet taken shape , there are still rather serious problems in coal supply , and at the same time , the problem of the downward quality of electricity and coal has not been effectively controlled , and the steady operation of power generating units will have a serious impact on the steady operation of some power grids
shi yubo said : with the deepening of the reform of the power system , many deep - seated contradictions will continue to be exposed , how to maintain the stability of the ranks of workers and staff members , and ensure the normal production order will become new problems facing us .
in view of the 2006 work on electricity safety , shi yubo said : we should further strengthen the basic work of power safety production management , speed up the establishment and perfection of emergency management mechanisms for power safety , enhance the capacity for dealing with emergencies , strengthen coordination and cooperation in the power system , continue to do a good job in supervising and managing the safety of the dam and the informationization of the information industry , ensure the safety of the power industry , and strengthen the management of power construction
it is reported that in light of the new situation in power safety management , this year the china electric power regulatory commission will revise and improve the " interim regulations on investigation of power generation accidents . " meanwhile , the supporting documents on safety of the dam and the safety of the power system will be distributed to the state council successively this year .
in 2005 , china 's total electricity consumption was 246.89 - billion kilowatt hours , up 13.45-1 percent over the same period last year .
in the face of the situation of supply and demand of electricity , the contradiction between coal , electricity , oil , and transportation is still in a serious state of disadvantages , all power enterprises have taken effective measures to strengthen the management of equipment . there were no major accidents in the power production throughout the country last year .
the number of accidents in power grids decreased by 127 , 427 accidents , and 132 accidents , compared with the same period last year .
south african envoy to china said there were no such organizations in south africa , and the criminal acts of chinese citizens were not present
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) south african embassy in china has paid a visit to china from january 13 to 13 , at an exclusive interview with xinhua , ambassador kong konin said here today that there are no criminal acts of the radical organizations in south africa that are aimed at chinese citizens .
he also said that the south african government would do its utmost to crack down on all forms of crime .
" the south african government hopes to reduce the crime rate to zero , and hopes that every foreign citizen working in south africa will be able to enjoy the full protection of the local law and citizens , " said vinin .
since 2006 , four chinese citizens have been killed in south africa one after another , and the chinese world has shown widespread concern over this .
the chinese foreign ministry has made representations to south africa on this issue and reminded chinese nationals in south africa to further enhance their awareness of security and prevention , and the chinese nationals have strengthened unity and friendship between the two countries and cooperated with the police to crack down on criminal activities .
we express the most sincere sympathy and condolences to the victims ' families .
" we are very sorry about this and we also hope the chinese people will believe that the south african government is seriously investigating every case involving china , " said fu kangning .
according to the chinese embassy in south africa , the south african police have successfully cracked a case of the chinese fujian women chen jianqing being killed in south africa on 5 february , and a suspect has been arrested .
the police are hunting another suspect .
according to the south african embassy in china , the number of criminals suspected of shooting and killing hong kong businessmen in january this year was arrested by south african police , and the victims ' belongings were recovered .
on the possible impact of the chinese citizens ' assassination , fu kangning maintained that these incidents have indeed caused serious damage to trade between the two countries and exchanges in other fields , but in the long run , the impact should not be as big as that of the horrible .
according to the director of the tourism of the south african embassy , the embassy sent more than 2,000 chinese visitors to south africa in the first 15 days of this year .
according to chinese official statistics , south africa will continue to maintain its trade status in africa by 2005 .
the bilateral trade volume reached $ 7.27 - billion , up 23.0 percent over the same period last year .
however , people in the tourism industry believe that the continuous killing of chinese citizens in 2004 has a significant impact on the number of chinese tourists visiting south africa .
according to statistics from the south african tourism bureau , in the first half of 2005 , chinese tourists to south africa were 20,331 , a decrease of 14.9 percent over the same period last year .
at present , there are about 200,000 chinese living in south africa , and the towns and villages in south africa are everywhere .
analysts here believe that the rich and poor gap in south africa is large , the unemployment rate is high , and there is no threat of death . therefore , the crime rate is still high .
because many chinese do not understand english , they do not know the english , and they have cash at home , it is easier for them to become targets of criminal elements ' making money and attacking them .
hk promotes english learning and training in hk
hong kong , february 13 ( xinhua ) the hong kong special administrative region government launched a new scheme on workplace english campaign on the 13th to raise the english standard of more serving people .
this is a good english - speaking , rich life - oriented and focused project , which includes a series of publicity activities to promote english learning and training and to enable employers to better understand how to help their employees raise their english standards .
so far , the scheme has subsidised nearly 25,000 people to complete workplace english training courses , thus achieving the benchmark for hong kong 's workplace english .
hong kong 's workplace english campaign is one of the major initiatives launched by the sar government in 2000 .
one of the major projects of the workplace english campaign is the funding scheme .
the scheme aims to help employees who need to use english in their work and to participate in the specified international english examinations to meet their workplace english standards .
the testing of aids in hebei province is free and voluntary
shijiazhuang , february 14 ( xinhua ) the hebei provincial health department recently formulated a " hebei province voluntary consultation and testing plan " ( trial ) , which clearly stipulates that the hiv / aids testing system is implemented on a voluntary basis and is designed to ensure that the aids can be detected as many as possible .
the " proposal " clearly defines the principles for hebei province 's voluntary consultation and testing of aids : aids antibody testing and consultation are free , and aids antibody testing and consultation voluntary and consultation of the people 's knowledge are voluntary and the consultation and consultation of the people 's information is kept confidential .
the " program " requires that the aids consultation and testing points should be set up in a convenient place for the consulting personnel . in order to protect the privacy of the consulting personnel , there should be a separate room for the protection of the selfish interests of the consulting personnel , and they should be consulted one by one .
the choice of the advisers should be taken into full consideration the factors such as the personal quality of the union , the ability to know and exchange information .
to protect the selfish interests of the consulting personnel , the inspection and testing system can be registered with the code or number .
the " proposal " also requires that health administrative departments at and above the county level make public their local major media reports on the list of medical and health institutions and consultation telephone numbers for which they are responsible for the voluntary inspection of aids in their own region so as to facilitate the masses to understand the relevant information .
the ministry of public security still has a focus of work in extorting confessions by torture .
beijing , february 14 ( xinhua ) a senior official of the ministry of public security said here today that the ministry of public security has adopted a " zero tolerance " approach to the crime of criminal suspects .
the key points of the work of the inspectors ' departments are also to prevent such problems from happening .
he also pointed out that some international organizations do not have a comprehensive understanding of the law enforcement situation of the chinese police .
the latest information provided by the ministry of public security on 14 july showed that the ministry of public security issued the " regulations on the implementation of measures for public security organs to keep the rules for keeping public security organs on the record " in 2002 " the regulations on the application of continuing interrogations by public security organs " , which has better guaranteed that the public security organs at the grass - roots level will apply to the retention measures according to law .
since 1997 , in order to further promote the three aspects of control , namely , the practice of using force to control guns and guard the safety of the police force , the inspectors of public security organs throughout the country have persisted in penetrating police forces such as police sergeant sergeant sergeant , police sergeant sergeant patrol , and public security supervision and control centers , and other grass - roots law enforcement units , have made clear - cut inspections of the criminal law enforcement
to prevent law enforcement from the source , police inspectors further extended their corner of law enforcement inspectors and increased their interrogation of the application of pyramid surgical measures of 110 receiving superb police officers .
prc : sun yun - suan dies in taipei
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) taipei news : sun yun - hsuan , who served as honorary chairman of the taiwan strait exchange foundation , has been engaged in a severe heart failure and a bloody shock due to acute psychological interruption . he died in taipei early on the morning of the 15th .
sun yun - suan was born on 11 november 1913 in penglai , shandong , and graduating from the electrical machinery department of the harbin industrial university .
it is a member of the 10 th and 13 th central committee of the kuomintang , member of the 11 th central standing committee of the 12 th cpc central committee , and member of the presidium of the 14 th central committee evaluation committee of the 14 th central committee of the cpc central committee , and member of the 15 th central appraisal committee .
he served as minister of transportation and communications of the taiwan authorities , minister of economy , and director of the department of economy .
heilongjiang promotes evaluation of ecological environment of songhua river
harbin , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to launch a series of special operations to improve the quality of the songhua river , to do a good job in monitoring and preventing pollution caused by the decontamination of the songhua river and the frozen ice layer .
the reporter learned from the heilongjiang provincial environmental protection bureau that the songhua river pollution incident , which was organized by the state environmental protection administration , was jointly set up by the state environmental protection administration and the relevant policies . the project is divided into three comprehensive evaluation of the intensive development of the five aspects of environmental evaluation and ecological evaluation and ecological evaluation and assessment of the human body 's health prevention and control project , and the specific time is to be completed in three stages .
at present , there are more than 60 people in 10 scientific research institutions in heilongjiang province who have undertaken 14 research projects .
it is reported that environmental protection departments and relevant scientific research institutions will conduct research on five special topics , namely , the evaluation of the emergency environment and countermeasures for the incident , in an effort to solve the environmental problems that the masses are concerned about .
the main control of the concentration of pollutants with severity of surface pollutants and the projected pollution incident on the songhua river water products have affected the safety of the consumption of the songhua river products , and the scattered cross - strait water absorption and the safety of underground water have assessed the impact of urban safety and emergency purification of water safety , and research of the songhua river 's frozen and seed pollutant and se@@
heilongjiang province 's environmental protection department will also intensify environmental monitoring along the songhua river , severely punish illegal waste discharge and illegal construction that cause serious pollution .
heilongjiang will send environmental law enforcement personnel to supervise and guide various localities to carry out comprehensive improvement of the environment in small river basins and improve the environmental management system for the alshus - pyraman river and the wangwanghe river .
beijing university opens mourning hall to offer condolences to wang chaixuan
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a beijing university in the memorial hall to mark the 100 th anniversary of the founding of the people 's republic of china ( prc ) at 09:00 on the morning of 15 february . as of noon on the same day , hundreds of people had come to pay their condolences .
at 08:00 , the opening hours of the hall was not yet available , and dozens of people had already set up a long team outside the door .
at the commemoration hall at the beijing university 's centennial memorial hall , the reporter saw that the wall of the hall was hanging a black horizontal horizontal horizontal horizontal : we should mourn wang xuan 's aroma .
the lower side of the horizontal banner is a dozen square meters of wang chin 's portrait . he was wearing glasses , with a smile on his face , and with elegant integrity .
the remains were placed on both sides of the tree , with dozens of flowers blossoming on both sides .
one of the globe 's elegance wrote in this way : qin sheng is a good foundation for tang shunhua , and you can see the lead in the face of the current situation .
the mourning hall was very happy and the atmosphere was heavy .
among the people who were paying respects at the memorial were leaders and teachers of the beijing university , friends of academician wang xuan , friends of wang xuan , and many people who had never known him also rushed to the scene .
some of them held flowers in their hands , some held flower baskets , and all of them wore small white flowers in front of their chests , slowly walked to the front of the portrait of academician wang xuan , bow to the bow of sorrow .
many people could not help but shed tears .
zhang wenbin , who served as director of the state cultural relics bureau , is an old alumnus of beijing university . he told the reporter that more than 10 years ago , he was still working in henan province . he asked professor wang to give a report on scientific and technological innovation to the provincial party committee cadre .
academician wang chose to learn from others ' experience , and he is the model for us to learn . he has made great contributions to the country and society , and the people will never forget him .
professor jin ruilin of the beijing university of law school and his friend , wang xuan , has been chosen as an old friend for more than 40 years .
he was just discharged a few days ago and he insisted on having a farewell to his old friend today .
in his message to the foreign ministry , mr. jin could not suppress his grief and wounds , and had numerous times polled over the tears he had stabbed .
he told this reporter that professor wang chou 's life was very frugal , he was already a professor , and he had already made very great achievements , but he was still living in a very small house for many years .
later he moved to the chengzai garden , where he lived for more than 10 years in a place of 70 to 80 square meters .
the beijing university gave him a building of academicians in the blue - flagship camp , a large house of more than 140 square meters . he did not want , and the high - level housing provided by fang zheng building , he did not want to be swayed .
mr. jin recalled with deep feeling that during his overseas visit , wang chou had to leave him a very high treatment abroad , but he resolutely stopped his visit .
at the beginning of the year , he insisted on not applying for an academician , and he was only able to fill the paperwork after many mobilization sessions by mr. zhou peiyuan .
mr jin , who was deeply impressed by his feelings , also gave wang xuan a a great deal of emphasis on his own . he stressed on many occasions that now , i still have some achievements . i do not look at me myself , but should rely on cultivating young people .
mr. jin said , when he was 50 years old , wang chou began to pay attention to cultivating young people . he has always stressed the need to pave the way for them to be content with being a human stake and to give way to young people .
this is a very successful scientist .
this reporter has learned from the beijing university press center that from 09:00 on 15 february to 12:00 on 19 february , every day , from 09:00 to 1600 , academician wang xuezhi was opened to the public from 9 : 00 a. m . to 1600 hours , the memorial hall of academician wang xuezhi was opened to the public and was given a mourning by people from all walks of life .
the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] , which is acclaimed as the " contemporary champion of the chinese academy of sciences , " is a professor at peking university , a professor at the third world chinese academy of engineering . due to illness , the doctor 's treatment has not been effective . at 11:13 february , he died in the beijing hp and hospital at the age of 70 .
chinese npc , chilean parliaments establish mechanism for exchanges
wu bangguo attended the signing ceremony and signed the agreement .
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) wu bangguo , chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) , attended a signing ceremony of the agreement on establishing political dialogue between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament at the great hall of the people on the afternoon of 15 february and signed the agreement in the document .
the exchange mechanism between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament was formally established .
it is reported that president of the chilean parliament , romeito rono , and president of the house of representatives , arsenal asiso , signed the agreement in santiago , the capital of chile .
according to the agreement , the two sides will establish a friendly and cooperative relationship between the npc and the chilean parliament in accordance with the principles set forth in the communique on the establishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries . the two sides will set up a dialogue committee on the basis of the bilateral relations and hold regular meetings to jointly promote the comprehensive development of bilateral relations .
chilean ambassador to china kamiriera attended the signing ceremony .
china to publish regulations on protection of information network
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) many websites are now relying on a large number of newspapers and magazines to publish more reports on the internet , but many of them have not been authorized and have not paid the costs of matsushita , and wang ziqiang , director of the copyright department of the state copyright bureau , said at a press conference held by the information office of the state council on the 15th .
wang ziqiang said : according to the current law , the works already published in newspapers and periodicals can be carried out without the author 's consent to use the works and at the same time , the state copyright bureau has specially drawn up a law for the newspaper and periodical repayment .
however , according to the current law , the press shall enjoy the right to grant this legal license , and at present the internet does not enjoy the right to grant this legal license .
according to relevant judicial interpretations made by the supreme people 's court , the method of using the newspaper and periodical 's licenses can be applied to the internet , that is , the little articles published on the internet , and the author does not make a statement that may not be used by the author , the internet may not be permitted to use the internet , and at the same time pay the remuneration .
however , because judicial interpretation does not stipulate that the criteria for remuneration are not required , there is no pay for the use of such works on the internet .
the details of these short - term works that have been published on the internet are not applicable , but are also required to be confirmed from the legal level .
wang ziqiang said : whether or not to bring it into the scope defined by the law , and also to confirm the rights of transmission of this year 's regulations on protection of the information network .
russia says georgian parliament resolution not to affect russian peacekeeping operations
moscow , february 15 ( xinhua ) russian defense ministry official sherdodov said on the 15th that georgia 's decision on the russian peacekeeping forces will not affect russian military peacekeeping operations in the short term , and russian military personnel will continue to hold anti - peacekeeping missions in the region of the south ossetia clash .
the russian state duma ( lower house ) affairs committee chairman koshin issued a statement on the same day on the resolution of the georgian parliament on russian peacekeeping forces , pointing out that this resolution by georgia will undermine the stability of the situation in the region and produce an unfavorable impact on russian - georgian relations .
he stressed that the georgian parliament resolution has made relations between the two countries deteriorate again .
he said : the goran 's accusations against russia are absurd .
the georgian parliament passed a resolution on the same day demanding that the russian peacekeeping forces stop their peacekeeping operations in the south ossetia , but did not determine the specific deadline for the withdrawal of russian peacekeeping forces .
georgia condemns russian peacekeeping personnel for failing to fulfill their obligations and regards the actions taken by russia in the conflict region as a panacea attempting to swallow georgia 's territory .
the georgian parliament demanded that the government take active actions to consider the deployment of international peacekeeping forces in the south ossetia conflict to replace the current peacekeeping operations in russia in the region .
the georgian parliament also instructed the government to revise the relevant agreements on russian peacekeeping personnel entering the conflict area .
the south ossetia is a autonomous state of georgia , bordering the republic of russia .
after the disintegration of the former soviet union , it declared independence on its own and was in a state of confrontation with the central government of georgia for a long time .
at present , russia has a peacekeeping camp of 500 people stationed in the region .
the unit is based on the military exercise conducted by russia 's northern northern poles of northern georgia in 1992 .
four responsible persons of the liaoyuan hospital will be prosecuted for the crime of being responsible for the major accident .
changchun , february 16 ( xinhua ) the jilin provincial liaoyuan city center hospital in jilin province has decided to have 11 persons responsible for the fire , including the head of the hospital 's electric engineering squad , zhang diankun , and four other persons will be prosecuted for the crime of major responsibility accidents .
on 15 december 2005 , the largest hospital in liaoyuan city was hit by a fire , causing 39 deaths .
in this fire , the area of fire was over 5,000 square meters .
it is understood that this is the first case in which the nationwide medical and health system has been hit since the founding of new china .
according to investigations , the accident occurred at 1630 hours on the day when the city hospital suddenly stopped power supply . according to the circuit design of the hospital , if the power supply is halted , the switch - box electric gates will automatically jump to the deputy sluice gate and continue to maintain normal power supply at the hospital , but the electric gates did not jump out at that time , and the head of the squad , zhang diankun , was forced
the underground cable line , more than 10 cables , which had run into smoke at that time , were tied together without any regulations , and such cable lines should be placed in a very tidy manner and fire - prevention layers should be set up .
therefore , 57 - year - old zhao yongchun , head of the electrical and equipment unit of liaoyuan city textile company , and sun fenglin , retired cadre ( senior engineer ) of the liaoyuan electric industry bureau , returned to the employment of jin chengtai and three of them on duty for suspected major accidents .
guizhou , china 's village tourism first - tour in tin lung tuen mun
guiyang , february 16 ( xinhua ) a chinese factory in guilong town of wanglong county , pingdam county , guizhou province , was dressed in a festive mood and was brimming with joy on the face of the day .
at 1030 , after the five - valley year - old activities ended , the 80 - year - old veteran zheng peimin , who was wearing a long - coloured long - shirt , sounded the first - round kick of the tour of guizhou , a chinese village .
tin lung tun village is a typical representative of the development of rural tourism in guizhou and a national model tourist attraction .
as a member of the rear - man of the red army of the ming dynasty , the guanbukao mountain has been a place of more than 600 years .
here , we can see the appearance of people wearing a broad - backed and broadly - backed blue gones , ancient han culture and clothing are preserved in tuen mun village .
it is understood that tianlong village relies on this cultural and traditional superiority to develop rural cultural tourism from 2002 , and in 2005 , the total revenue of tickets alone reached 3.8 - million yuan . more than 47.7 percent of the households in the village participated in tourism by way of catering , transportation of travel commodities , etc. , and the average income of peasants increased from more than 1,300 yuan in 2002 to 2640 yuan in 2005 .
yang shengming , director of the guizhou provincial tourism bureau , said that after the first tour of tianlong , the new experience of the new guiyang experience of new tourism in rural areas , and the theme of the new experience of new wind and sentiment is still peculiar , the various rural tourism activities launched in various parts of guizhou this year will reach 35 .
so far , more than 130 villages and villages in guizhou have launched various village tourism projects . by 2005 , more than 600,000 peasant households in the province have freed themselves from poverty through developing tourism .
housing prices in 70 cities up 5.5 percent in january shanghai housing prices down
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the total number of houses in 70 large and medium - sized cities in the country increased by 5.5 percent in january , a drop of 0.7 percentage points from the previous month .
shanghai 's housing price continued to slide .
the national development and reform commission ( ndrc ) figures released on 16 june showed that the sales prices of most of the 70 large and medium - sized cities increased by a small margin in the same period of the previous year , while shanghai 's housing sales prices continued to slide by a small margin , dropping by 0.4 percent .
the same calibre statistics show that in the first quarter of last year , shanghai 's housing sales prices rose 19.1 percent over the same period of the previous year , and there was a turn since then . the decline of a small margin in the second half of last year was seen as a result of the same period .
in january this year , the sales prices of newly - built housing in 70 large and medium - sized cities increased 6.9 percent over the same period last year , and the increase rate was 0.2 percentage point lower than the previous month .
new housing prices rose by 18.9 percent in the same period last year , with the highest rate of increase in the same period in dalian , the largest and most popular housing market in china , the largest in the world , and the largest in the world .
the central organization department has urged that supervision over the selection and appointment of leading cadres and cadres be further intensified .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the central organization department recently printed and distributed opinions on strengthening the supervision of cadres .
the opinions demanded that organization departments at all levels proceed from strict management and care for cadres , and see to it that cadre supervision is permeated with all links in the training and education of cadres , selection and appointment of cadres , daily management , and establishment and improvement of a supervision mechanism for strengthening supervision over the timely detection of and rectification of problems and for effectively strengthening supervision over the selection and appointment of leading cadres and cadres .
the opinions pointed out : the main tasks of cadre supervision in the organization departments are : first , supervision over leading bodies and leading cadres should be strengthened . the focus should be on strengthening supervision over principal responsible persons of leading bodies ; second , supervision should be conducted on the selection and appointment of leading party and government cadres . the focus should be on the supervision and inspection of the implementation of the " regulations on selecting , promoting , and appointing party and government leading cadres . "
in supervision over leading bodies and leading cadres , the opinions put forward the need to unremittingly grasp education on ideals and faith and on fighting corruption and promoting honest government , permeate education in the training , selection , and management and supervision of cadres , guide and supervise leading cadres to strengthen their accomplishment in party spirit , persist in building a party that serves the public and governs for the people , and build a solid ideological and moral defense line against corruption and degeneration .
when talking about the new promotion of cadres , we should set clear demands on honesty and self - discipline .
we should supervise and urge leading bodies at all levels to uphold democratic centralism , establish and perfect rules and procedures for making decisions on matters of consultation , and seriously implement systems for combining collective leadership with individual responsibility .
we should give prominence to the supervision of principal responsible persons of leading bodies , and organize responsible persons of departments ( personnel ) at the next level to often talk with principal responsible persons of leading bodies at the lower level to understand the situation in their ideological work and the work style of making ideological comparisons .
establish and perfect a system of day - to - day management and supervision for leading cadres , regularly understand and analyze the ideological and work style of the ranks of leading cadres , and put forward opinions and measures for resolving problems .
we should implement a system of holding leading cadres to make earnest comments and sending letters to ask , and discover problems with the symptoms of unhealthy tendencies , and promptly conduct admonitory talks or letters .
the problems that the masses have reported should be seriously investigated and understood , and criticism and education should be given to those who are in trouble or are being handled by organizations that are in compliance with discipline and law . those who have violated discipline and violated law should be transferred to law enforcement organs . those who have not been investigated and those who have found problems are not problems should be clarified in appropriate ways .
at the same time , we should integrate the need to strengthen supervision with the need to encourage cadres to explore and innovate boldly and pay attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the opinions and demands that organization ( personnel ) departments at all levels effectively strengthen supervision over the selection and appointment of leading party and government cadres .
further improve the system of recommending candidates for examination , testing of candidates for examination , and making decisions on discussions on cadres , and strictly do a good job in selecting and appointing cadres , so as to make a good job of the people 's confidence in leading posts at all levels in the work of political self - reliance and political gain .
we should step up our inspection of the implementation of regulations on appointing cadres , seriously investigate and deal with violations of regulations on appointing cadres , and resolutely check unhealthy trends and corrupt phenomena in employing cadres .
and to implement a system of supervising and investigating the use of personnel in violation of regulations , and intensify supervision and investigation .
establish and perfect the system of holding people responsible for the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres ; scientifically define the content of the responsibility of the principal responsible persons of all links in the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres in accordance with the principle of being in line with their powers and responsibilities ; clearly define the method of holding people responsible for the work ; and increase the intensity of investigating and affixing responsibility .
we should fully exercise the role of mass supervision , establish and perfect a mechanism for reporting reports that can be safely and efficiently compliant .
give play to the role of public opinion supervision , and timely report to the news media on the relevant situation of the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres , and subject to supervision by public opinion .
the opinions pointed out : it is necessary to further improve the coordination and cooperation mechanism for cadre supervision .
organization ( personnel ) departments should strengthen their cooperation with discipline inspection organs and establish a system of work and communication with discipline inspection organs on the work of improving the party 's work style and building a clean and honest government for cadres so as to strengthen the joint force of supervision .
in conjunction with discipline inspection organs , they have conscientiously done a good job in inspection tours , improved the inspection methods , improved the inspection system , and improved the quality of inspection tours .
in coordination with auditing organs , the auditing organs have conscientiously implemented the system of auditing leading cadres ' economic responsibility .
we should improve the internal supervision mechanism for the selection and appointment of cadres in organization departments .
taiwan authorities reject taiwan 's mainland - hong kong - taiwan - related investment as " heavy punishment "
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the taiwan authorities ' economic affairs department decided on the 15th to punish one of the taiwan chungshan chungshan electronics shareholding company limited ( lianhua ) , which is one of the two sides of the strait , of nt $ 5 million . the reason is that it provided unscrupulous assistance in assisting the taiwan - based suzhou dongshan - taibei technology company in setting up a warship and setting up a suitcase on the
taiwan 's " chung - kuo shih - pao " reported that this was chen shui - bian 's active management of the cross - strait economic and trade policy proposals that were open to the outside world and that the taiwan authorities had meted out the first instance of the punishment for taiwan businessmen 's investment in the mainland .
it is reported that the taiwan economic pop testing association said that the joint electric power company was fined because it violated the regulations on relations between the people on both sides of the strait and the rules on allowing investment or technical cooperation in the mainland .
in the future , the snap will also judge the situation by the situation , former chairman of the united nations power company , mr tso xingcheng , and others .
the supersonic case began in february 2005 when the taiwan prosecutors mobilized more than 100 people to exchange information with the houses and offices of several high - level personnel , claiming that the united microelectronics corp was involved in making investments on the mainland and illegally provided capital - intensive technology and human resources to the mainland .
cao xingcheng , then chairman of the board of directors of the united nations , said in public that the united microelectronics corporation did not violate any regulations of the taiwan authorities , and that the united telecommunications corporation 's assistance in ship - to - ship technology was for the long - term interests of united telecommunications . if the united microelectronics corp did not enter the mainland market as soon as possible , it would lose its business opportunities .
after that , the taiwan authorities ' pop supervision and management committee , which was found to have violated regulations on commercial information disclosure , imposed a fine of 3 - million yuan on united telecommunications .
on 9 january 2006 , the board of directors of the united microelectronics corp received the resignation of cao xingcheng . several hours later , cao xingcheng was formally indicted for allegedly making unauthorized investments on the mainland .
the united microelectronics corp and the taiwan chip company ( called the taiwan dendy ) , and they also claimed that the taiwan chip and the cross - strait chungshan island are the leading hi - tech enterprises on the island .
the one - year investigation and handling of the united microelectronics corp has been followed with great interest by people of all walks of life on the island .
second paradise of my heart : the macao blix cultural contest in my heart
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the second - ever - growing bandarano festival in macao , which is my heart , announced in beijing on the 17th that macao 's pen - shaped works that are taught in my heart are the subject elements of the chinese people around the world .
the series of events are jointly held by the macao foundation and the baihua publishing house , " the extract of the cultural and art works " , and chen jiangong , vice chairman of the chinese writers association .
on the occasion of the fifth anniversary of macao 's return to the motherland in 2004 , the first ever macao - scousinki cultural contest in my heart was held . the chinese and foreign esteemed esteemed fellows received more than 8,000 entries at the organizing committee , and more than 10 winners of the award were invited to the macao special administrative region to receive the award .
on 17 august , at a press conference , wu zhiliang , executive member of the macao foundation , said : last year , the panic of the history of macao was incorporated into the world 's cultural heritage list . this not only implies the fact that macao has been affirmed by the people of macao for a long time , but also indicates that the chinese nation 's tradition of harmony and love of friendship has been inherited and developed in the macao special administrative region . the macao sar government has decided to
wu zhiliang said : it is precisely under such a good cultural atmosphere that the macao foundation and the baihua literature and art publishing house " have decided to cooperate with each other in holding the second ever - ever - increasing macao 's paperwork contest in the field of culture in macao . he hoped that the participants will display the patriotic love of macao , the unique humanistic spirit of macao , the auspicious and auspicious culture of the special administrative region , and the beautiful
it is reported that the draft of the competition on 1 september this year will be published in a special column to select entries .
the results of the selection will be held in the macao sar in early 2007 .
shandong successfully implemented a heart transplant operation for infant
jinan , february 17 ( xinhua ) the jinan military region ( xuan yao ) cardiovascular disease research institute of the jinan military region recently successfully carried out a cardiovascular transplant operation .
on 17 july , the reporter saw in the center of the heavy disease control center that the 51 - day baby was full of red - crystal , and all monitoring and inspection indexes were normal , and the medical personnel were playing with the toys he bought from him with great interest .
according to the doctor who received the medical treatment on the same day , the son of this child from taian village in shandong was sent to the hospital by his parents , and his body was purple and respiratory difficulties . after checking the diagnosis of the prevalence of cyanis , he had to carry out heart transplant .
heart transplant is the most difficult one in cardiovascular surgery .
in particular , the heart transplant operation of the infant children under one year is still empty in china .
the jinan military region cardiovascular disease research institute organized experts to repeatedly verify the situation and carefully designed an operation and post - operation protection plan , made independent innovation in the method of blood management conformity , and conducted animal experiments .
at 08:00 on 28 december 2005 , the operation officially began .
the cardiovascular is a person who has been given a cardiovascular death due to the unsatisfactory breedness of the prevalence of the lung .
the operation must be in line with the six blood pipes , sewed more than 510 needles , and the length of each single needle is less than 3 millimetres .
after 295 minutes , the operation was successfully completed .
state administration of safety supervision : measures to curb the occurrence of major and exceptionally serious accidents such as coal mines
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) four successive incidents of one accident in which more than 100 people were hit , and the situation of production safety throughout the country in the past year caused the occurrence of many serious accidents such as the suppressed coal mine , etc. , to become the most important task of the national safety supervision work this year .
the reporter learned from the state administration of production safety that in order to effectively curb the occurrence of major and exceptionally serious accidents such as coal mines , the coal mine is the most important thing .
this year , the state administration of safety supervision and inspection will make a good job of the following three things :
suota continued to fight the war of vasis .
this year , vasis control must put its first priority in the field of catching and testing .
if the gas mine is not implemented , then it will be ordered to stop production according to law if it does not take out the tests .
prc : qiushi continues to fight tough battles for rectification and closing down .
we should make public the 5243 public announcements , together with more than 700 mine pits recently reported by various localities , a matter of fact .
we should regard closing down as a regular task and continually close down those coal mines that destroy resources and pollute the environment without safety conditions .
taosuo strengthened the management of coal mine safety .
we should immediately correct the situation of a small number of small mines with state - owned mine management sliding and guidance and management confusion , and establish a standardized safety management system .
in particular , we should pay attention to key state - owned coal mines and absolutely not allow them to produce super - strong and extra - strong personnel .
this year 's production safety control target demands that the number of accidents nationwide dropped by 3 percent over the previous year , of which the coal mine dropped by 3.5 percent .
the exceptionally serious accidents that caused the death of more than 10 people should be reduced by 55 percent , of which the mine should drop by 7-1 percent .
these control indexes have been assigned to the provincial people 's governments , and all localities are moving into grassroots units and enterprises by different levels .
statistics show that in 2005 , 5986 miners were killed in the national coal mine accidents , a decline of 0.7 percent over the same period last year .
however , the serious accident that killed more than 10 people was raised in one accident , and the number of victims increased 66.6 percent over the same period last year .
barroso calls for cooperation between parties in kosovo 's future status talks
belgrade , february 17 ( xinhua ) the european union ( eu ) has decided to extend the european union ( eu ) 's membership to the european union ( eu ) in kosovo , said european commission president barroso here on tuesday .
barroso met with president of the interim authority of kosovo serbia serbia serbia serbia serbia serbia serbia serbia and other media on the same day . he said that all parties concerned in kosovo should be tolerant in establishing a democratic and multi - ethnic kosovo that respects the government 's ruling power and protects the rights and interests of ethnic minority groups .
he also stressed that the eu commission would do its utmost to help kosovo develop .
barroso also expressed his appreciation for the eight standard issues that kosovo faces in implementing the un - proposed eight standards for kosovo 's democracy .
he said that the implementation of these standards is a key factor affecting the integration of kosovo and europe .
he also called on all serbia in kosovo to join all the institutions in kosovo in order to make positive contributions to the realization of democracy and multi - ethnic integration in kosovo .
barroso arrived in the capital of kosovo on the same day for a one - day visit .
earlier , barroso visited croatia and serbia and montenegro and will also visit macedonia and bosnia .
( winter olympics stimulant ) news analysis : it is possible that the issue of sending a child may not be settled .
xinhua news agency , turin , february 17 ( xinhua ) - - - news analysis : it is possible that the issue of sending a vincent to the world will be settled .
xinhua news agency reporter peng ding
although italy has repeatedly ordered that the olympic games be uncovered during the winter olympics , athletes who use stimulants may face the pest disaster , but judging from various situations , such situations are unlikely to occur in this winter olympics .
turin winter olympics first broke out on 16 june . the first stimulant scandal since the opening of the winter olympics was found to have used a drug - free drug card .
the international olympic committee announced the next day that the dispatch of leva was already out of the winter olympics , and she received a total of 15 - kilometer personal medals in the winter games .
the international winter - second alliance made a decision on the two - year ban on the distribution of the leavers on the same day .
the ioc has always stipulated that athletes have been found using stimulants in the olympic games and will be removed from their achievements and be deprived of their qualifications for the games , but will not be subject to legal sanctions .
however , according to italian law , athletes carrying and using stimulants are criminal acts , and the judiciary has the right to directly arrest and investigate athletes who use stimulants and to use the law - breakers who are unable to stand the sentences of three months to three years .
last december , the ioc and the italian government , after a year - long pawn , finally reached an agreement after a one - year - long pawn . both sides agreed to handle the issue of athletes using stimulants according to italian laws during the winter olympic games .
thanks to the unremitting efforts of the international olympic committee , italy made concessions four days before the opening of the winter olympics , promising that during the winter olympics , police would not enter the olympic village to search the athletes ' places . however , the positive - sex athletes will still be investigated by the italian procuratorial organs .
some reports say that the italian government 's officials at the turin winter olympics , peretz , has handed over the doping incident to the dublin procuratorial organs .
however , the ioc and persson have not yet confirmed this .
russian winter - second team medical officer andy demirev disclosed at noon on 17 august that leva had left turin and returned to china .
the united states has been working in the world anti - doping agency for many years , and chinese sports officials shi kangcheng said that once the lea is sent back to china , this matter may eventually be uncertain .
shi kangcheng said : the ioc and the italian government have never been thoroughly resolved on the issue of anti - doping agents at the winter olympics . even though italy 's procuratorial organs are really involved in this matter , it is hard to say the result is .
according to the previous judgments and penalties imposed by italy on the use of stimulants by its athletes , the most serious punishment the banned offenders received is no more than the two years of imprisonment suspended implementation .
therefore , senior italian journalist peseli said that the possibility of sending lea into prisons is very small , and the most is a fine .
pierre also said that although the italian court could be tried in a short span , it is impossible for the italian police to send leavers to the foreign countries to serve the sentence .
if the leva refuses to accept the ruling , the italian side will have no way to take her .
news roundup : new epidemic sites continue to show the severe precautions against the epidemic of all countries in the world
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the bird flu has spread further in the african continent , according to a report by xinhua reporters stationed abroad .
the world health organization confirmed on the 17th that three areas in egypt have found bird flu virus deaths .
in europe , france also found the virus of the 5 th type of bird flu virus for the first time , and europe was highly vigilant against it and strengthened measures to prevent the disease .
who 's east mediterranean region advisor hassan - clara told the egyptian media that the current situation in egypt 's central cairo , guja , and three southern minya areas has discovered dead birds with the virus of the 5001 avian flu virus , and the egyptian government departments concerned have started to kill poultry that are suspected to be infected with avian flu .
egypt is a migratory country of migratory birds in the middle east and north africa , and it is very likely that migratory birds will bring the avian flu virus into the country .
egypt has announced a ban on imports of live poultry from abroad and strengthened quarantine work at border ports .
a family of chicken farm in the capital of cameroon has been in the past week with more than 800 chickens killed .
cameroon has decided to suspend all poultry imports from nigeria , where the bird flu epidemic has broken out , and suspend all poultry and related products trade in the markets of the two countries .
the cameroon government has also set up a nationwide epidemic monitoring network within a short period , and the basde center and national veterinary laboratory are in an emergency state to be ready for the launch of laboratory tests on the 5001 virus at any time .
on 17 august , denmark and sweden initially ruled out the epidemic .
the swedish veterinary institute issued a test on the dead swan found on wednesday this week , indicating that the swan virus was not infected with the virus .
initial results from the danish national veterinary administration also showed that 30 dead birds in denmark had not infected with the avian flu virus .
however , agriculture ministry said denmark should not take it lightly .
romania has seen nine bird flu - like bird flu - like bird flu - like sites in eastern europe this year , and the who experts said in bucharest on the 17th that the danube delta region has avian flu in virtually all areas , and that romania may be constantly threatened by avian flu in the next three or five years .
bangladesh in asia has taken all necessary measures to prevent avian flu .
the government 's home and livestock services bureau has provided books on avian flu prevention to the relevant officials , and at the same time , it has organized training for poultry feeders .
china 's first blood information sharing system built in zhejiang
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the blood information management and control network system of china 's first blood sharing information management network was officially completed and put into use in the center recently .
a relevant person in the blood center of zhejiang province said that this means that any citizen will be killed in a blood donation organization in any county ( city ) of zhejiang province in the future to take part in donation blood .
the responsible person further explained that if the system is allowed to enter the relevant code records , the system will show that the insolvent blood has not yet arrived , and the notice will not be in keeping with the blood donation conditions .
this way of doing things can not only protect the health of blood donors themselves , but also effectively protect the health and safety of blood - users .
in addition , when blood is strained , donors and their relatives have the right to give priority to blood . so long as you input effective documents for blood donors , you can immediately show the information of blood donors and is quite convenient .
according to a report by hangzhou " today morning post , " this information system has now been put into use by all 36 blood transfusion organizations throughout the province , and the blood resources of various blood transfusion and supply organizations in the province can also be displayed in real time , thus realizing the sharing of data in the whole province .
to prevent the recurrence of an emergency evacuation of 11 villages in philippines
manila , february 18 ( xinhua ) philippine landlords have been fighting a mountain - like landslide in 11 villages in the eastern philippines , the philippine government said on friday .
the official of the southern leilyas state said on the same day that the landslide in the village was located in the same region on the 17th , and it has similar characteristics .
the residents of 11 villages who were evacuated will be resettled in seven evacuation centers .
lyris said : the government yesterday ordered a evacuation of residents . today , people were sent to inspect these villages because some people did not want to leave their homes .
the mountain landslide incident occurred on 17 july in a mountainous village in saint feast town in southern leiltland . from the television screen , the soil and stone pieces have buried the entire village and can only see several roofs .
as the soil is very thick and humidt , the people buried below are very uncertain to have the hope of surviving .
so far , 109 people have been killed and 57 have been rescued .
it is estimated that the death toll from the accident may reach 1,800 .
( overseas chinese in fujian province ) quanzhou , southern fujian , china 's exports up 35.2 percent in first month
fuzhou , february 19 ( xinhua ) the export volume of quanzhou city continued to maintain a high - speed growth in january this year .
according to customs statistics , in january , quanzhou exports totaled 330 million us dollars , making a record high , increasing by 35.2 percent over the same period last year , and higher than the province 's average growth level .
according to the analysis of the quanzhou city foreign economic and trade bureau , the reason that quanzhou 's foreign trade grew rapidly in january was mainly due to the fact that the enterprises ' export enthusiasm was rising , the quanzhou economy was operating in a lively manner , the enterprises ' confidence in operation was strengthened , and the highly efficient and unimpeded environment for foreign trade development was brought about .
