the person who went into the two mobile computers in princess wanda died of investigation
london , 6th ( afp )
the london daily express said that two princess diana died in paris in 1997 , with the information on the accident investigation of the death of princess diana , were secretly taken away from the office of former chief police officer of metropolitan police .
the report said that the theft triggered speculation that the computer might have the information of a criminal gang led by sir steve linson , former chief police officer of metropolitan police , .
however , a spokesman for the metro police station said that there was no sensitive information in the computer or any information relating to the investigation .
sir steve is the commander of the northward police office in england , and his office is located in the area of new burgh .
the report said that the nansobi police officers had been tracing two stolen cases in the past 10 days .
the accident occurred during a weekend holiday between january 28 and 29 , including computers and cash . the second case occurred last week without any loss .
the namibian police bureau also said there was no evidence to show that the two theft cases and the work of sir john stiglen were related .
he has been chasing the dead cause of princess wales , not directly because of the car accident .
royal corpse brookings ordered the continued tracing of the relevant evidence in 2004 .
princess diana died in a tunnel accident in paris on august 31 , 1997 , and she died together with her husband and wife fayed and driver .
after two years of investigation , the french police thought that it was the result of driving a fast car on the ground of drunk driving and taking drugs , which caused the accident .
the sri lankan war parties agreed to hold talks in geneva in late june
colombo , 7 th ( afp )
norway , the host mediating the peace process , said that the sri lankan belligerent group agreed to start negotiations on the 22nd in geneva , switzerland , and to resolve the dispute over the three - year standoff in order to end the decades - long conflict of racial blood .
norwegian peace envoy solheim held talks with the tamil tiger liberation tiger barzhan in london , and achieved the breakthrough .
the norwegian embassy in beijing said in a statement that + territorial disputes between sri lanka and tamil eelam are the cause of the conflict , and that the sri lankan government and the norwegian government are requested to assist in holding talks in geneva on february 22 on two days .
the two - day talks will focus on how to strengthen the cease - fire agreement that took effect on 23 february 2002 , and this agreement has never been fully observed by both sides .
the norwegian embassy said that the two sides will discuss how to improve the implementation of the cease - fire agreement , which is the first time in three years that the two sides have held face - to - face talks at such a high level .
sorghm said he would lead the norwegian team to participate in the negotiations , and the four representatives of the tamil tigers liberation tigers , led by barcayan khan , and the sri lankan government was led by health minister .
he said , soaking is a small step leading to peace , but an important step , and the process of negotiations is expected to be arduous .
the first face - to - face talks for the settlement of the sri lankan ethnic conflict was held in japan in march 2003 , but the tamil tigers liberation tigers cancelled the original schedule to hold the seventh round of talks in thailand in april 2003 .
south and north korean delegates open in winter olympics
( afp ) , yilini .
the 20 th winter olympics opened today in dulin , and the south korean and north korea , each other , were enemies during the cold war , joined hands in the ceremony .
south korean skating competitor lee po - la and north korean men 's skating competitor han zhengen were the two countries ' head flags and head of south korea 's delegation to the winter olympics stadium .
this is the olympic team from south korea and north korea , and for the first time , join hands in the winter olympics .
to reflect the spirit of unity of the two sides in recent years , the sydney summer olympics in 2000 and the athens summer olympics in 2004 will be jointly attended by south korea and north korea 's representatives .
north korea did not participate in the 19 th winter olympics in the united states ' salt lake city .
the korean peninsula was split into a capitalist north korean , where the two sides held a meeting in 1950 to 1953 when the korean war was fought .
south korea 's leader held a peace summit in 2000 , and relations between the two sides improved .
the greek delegation is the first country to enter the world cup , and the south korean team is the 22 nd north korea , which is the country to enter the tournament .
the landlord , the grand prix , is the last country to enter . when the italian team arrived , the heated cheers and battle applause broke out in the stadium .
hollyman had been indulged in drug and was fortunate to have a good time awakening to start a career in performing arts
new york , 16 th ( afp )
it is widely recognized that he is the most hopeful candidate for the imperial throne of oscar this year : the main actor of the film + black blood , philip morohman , revealed that he had been immersed in drugs and wine when he was young and could not extricate himself . fortunately , he was able to successfully break away and set off his career .
in an interview with magazines of cbs news , hau feoman said with a light sigh that during that period , to obtain drugs and wine , he really had no choice but to resort to whatever he had done .
he only came out for 20 , and just graduated from the college drama department of new york , and entered a five - light and colorful society . every day , he spinked his steps and finally became a bit unconscious and lost control .
he was admitted to the erekova when he was 22 and was alive there and drunk the habit of drinking and drinking drugs , which was the most panic in his life .
the upcoming oscar awards ceremony will be held next month , mr. hollman 's explanation of the role of american writer cohen , the movie of emperor kuobu : cold blood and white is considered the best male lead award to be the most hopeful .
before this , his superb performance had been affirmed and had won many awards , including a golden globe award best male player .
the 38 - year - old actor said in the interview that if he had not resolved to mend his bad habit before becoming famous , he might not have been nominated by oscar .
he said he admired those young men who were 19 years old and suddenly became a big land .
bird flu tracks four now in europe , nigeria panicky
brussels , april 16 , 2007
traces of the bird flu virus have been continually appearing in europe , causing panic among the people .
eu commission approves new ministries and controls to control the region of viruses , including all areas of the virus detected countries under control and prohibiting the delivery of all birds .
the first case of a deadly strain of bird flu was discovered in nigeria 's northern african country , which has been expanding to more farms , showing that the disease has crossed the northern border into niger .
egyptian officials are investigating a sudden outbreak of chicken slaughter in a farm in the south , worrying that the virus might continue to spread .
the european chicken market is affected by the virus incident , and the big drop is quite big . the eu commission stressed that there is really no reason for panic .
the executive committee , the executive committee for health and food safety , said that public concern about the matter is understandable , but there is no need to react too much .
following the previous virus discovery , there are three - km - long protection zones and 10 - km alert zones in the vicinity , and the eu commission has also issued new regulations to place all the european region where viruses are found in compound , and put them in a primorous zone .
a eu official who declined to be named pointed out : everyone is nervous and they are handling the affairs of legends from various european countries one day to the evening , suspected of outbreaks of the disease .
so far , austria has specified the name of croatia , which is territorial of romania , romania , romania , ukraine , and romania in the european territories .
romania discovered the 31 st case on the 16 th , and slovenia 's territorial disputes with austria and royal island of germany also found new cases .
in southern italy , two ducks found the avian flu virus on their bodies , which is the first noroom infection in europe , and is infected with the virus .
the eu officials are most concerned about migratory birds that will soon fly from africa .
the nigerian government is stepping up its efforts to prevent the spread of the virus to humans in the african continent .
the nigerian government announced that all the five - kilometer bird flu vaccines in the area around the infected farm , no matter whether they are threatened by the virus , will be destroyed without exception .
the neighboring country , the nikitai government , announced that the nation was on alert and allocated 4 million us dollars to monitor and monitor the nigerian border .
the newly established national emergency committee said that they received a notification that the two countries ' police loosened border adjacent to the pine system had nearly 400 birds dead .
china to introduce new regulations on e - banking business management
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to give a special account of the country 's banking system , a policy document issued by the china banking regulatory commission ( cbrc ) and an evaluation guide on the safety of electronic banking , which will come into effect on march 1 , 2006 , according to the china banking regulatory commission .
a spokesman for the banking regulatory commission said that according to the regulations on management procedures , the methods for examination and approval of foreign financial institutions have remained basically unchanged , that is , after foreign banks have obtained permission to open internet banking businesses , if new internet banking categories are to be added , the main report branch in china should submit a unified report to the branch .
to regulate commercial banks ' banking business using the internet , in june 2001 , the people 's bank of china formulated and promulgated the " interim procedures on internet banking business management . "
a spokesman for the banking regulatory commission said that with the continuous development of the business of electronic banking , the interim procedures cannot meet the requirements of monitoring electronic banking risks , and the cbrc has formulated two new regulations for this purpose .
according to a spokesman of the banking regulatory commission , the cbrc 's confirmation of the quality of the safety assessment organization is different from the nature of administrative licensing for industry or enterprise access , not a necessary condition for assessing the business of the e - banking security evaluation system conducted by the evaluation institution , and only serves as a reference for the financial institutions when they choose the assessment organization .
as long as the safety assessment agency meets the relevant requirements and requirements , even if the financial institution does not have the credentials of the china banking regulatory commission , it can also engage the financial institution to conduct an electronic banking safety assessment , but it should carry out its management according to the relevant regulations .
the " procedures for management of electronic banking business " consists of nine chapters , and the total application for registration and change of risk management exchange data and transfers of foreign funds to manage cross - border business activities , including the management of legal responsibility and appendix .
the " guidelines on assessing the safety of banks " consists of five chapters and 57 articles , which are divided into four chapters : safety assessment of institutions ' implementation of safety assessment and supplementary assessment of activities .
" mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , and chen yun on investigation and study " published and distributed
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the book " mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , and chen yun " compiled by the central party literature research center has been published and distributed by the central party literature publishing house recently .
conduct investigation and study in depth in reality , persist in integrating theory with practice , formulate and implement correct lines , principles , and policies , and are the basic experience and work method of the cpc in leading the revolution and construction .
mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu rongji , and other revolutionaries of the older generation , made many important and incisive statements on investigation and study issues , and they often went deep down to the grass - roots level to conduct social investigations and wrote many investigation reports .
they conduct investigations and studies on the practice and results of the study and have played an important role in guiding the cause of the party and the people to advance along the correct road .
" mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , and chen yun on investigation and study " are divided into three parts : the first part is the theses of mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation on investigation and study , the second part is the album of mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation on investigation and study , and the third part is the three investigation groups selected by mao zedong and liu shaoqi and chen
most of these reports were published for the first time .
in addition , there are two articles on the investigation and study of the central leaders in the 1950 s and 1960 s .
russia reiterates adherence to one - china policy
moscow , february 6 ( xinhua ) russian deputy foreign minister alexander alexeyev reiterated on the 6th when meeting with chinese ambassador to russia liu guchang that russia adheres to the one - china stance .
alexeyev said that russia has noticed chen shui - bian 's recent referendum on taiwan independence .
the russian government has always upheld the one - china principle and firmly supported china 's efforts to achieve the great cause of national reunification .
last year , the chinese npc adopted the anti - secession law . russia took the lead in openly expressing support .
alexeyev said that the russian foreign ministry will issue a statement as soon as possible , reiterating the one - china position and opposing taiwan independence .
china to hold third taiwan compatriots ' meeting in south africa
johannesburg , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese mainland and the united states have reached a consensus on the issue of food and clothing in their bars in the early morning of 5 february local time , local time . the chinese people 's association for friendship with foreign countries ( cpaffc ) said here today .
according to feng yang , president of the association of chinese citizens of freedom in the province , the incident occurred in the city of welkom , 130 kilometers northwest of burundi .
at that time , the owner of the shop , lin yixing , picked up the items inside the station and prepared to end the one - day business .
three customers were also present at the shop , one of whom fired a pistol and charged into the bar , and robbed him .
lin yixing , 40 , fought with the criminals . the robbers opened a gun to lin yixing and fled .
local people who heard the news sent lin yixing to the hospital for medical treatment . because lin yixing 's body was filled with a thin blood pipe , the blood of the strain was released . blood transmitted out of the patient was not stopped . he died at around 3 : 30 a. m . on 6 february .
on 6 february , xu dezhu , prc consulate general in jose burg , and wu jichuan , vice chairman of the association of fellow countrymen in fujian in south africa and others drove to burunfondan to help the family members of the dead to deal with the aftermath of the incident .
mr lam became the first member of the armed police to be killed by the robbers within 36 hours and the fourth chinese to be killed in south africa this year .
shanghai : part - time staff and college graduates become main job force in hours
beijing , february 7 ( xinhua ) the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau announced on the 6th the latest salary instructing for the 2006 labor within the year of 2006 , with the number of posts reaching 120 , an increase of 11 over the last time , and the salary of original positions increased somewhat .
according to a relevant expert of the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau , currently , the number of hours employed in shanghai has exceeded 1 million .
according to the zhongguo qingnian bao report , college graduates and part - time personnel are the main component of the hours ' work force .
through the direct investigation of nearly 8,000 hours of work , more than half of the personnel are part - time workers , and the percentage is as high as 51.1 percent .
the cultural level of part - time workers is generally higher , and they mainly engage in relatively strong technical work , such as translation jobs , with a ratio of 81.77 % and 61.6 % for physical fitness .
high income is the important reason why many people are engaged in work hours and part - time jobs .
it is understood that individual jobs may have a monthly income of tens of thousands yuan and it will be difficult to pursue , just as the translator of words is transmitted , and the monthly income of the job may be much higher than 2,000 yuan , such as those of gifts who hold a concurrent job in the financial department .
to satisfy personal interests and expand his knowledge is also a favorite job for part - time workers .
for example , the former mr. gu , who is the manager of the human resources department in a certain enterprise , will leave several hours a week to handle the financial accounts of a foreign representative office .
mr. gu believed that the biggest gain from the part - time job was to continuously update his knowledge and to have the opportunity to involve another field . of course , the monthly income of 2000 yuan also had some temptation .
as the threshold for some hours of work is low , the form of work is flexible and free , and many job - seekers are gradually fond of finding jobs , 14% of the hours of work are graduates of tertiary and secondary schools for nearly three years .
i did n't want to work hours at the beginning but after i did a few months , i felt it was better than my ching soy because i had to work on nine nights later .
after graduating from college graduate huang , the job he found was not satisfactory , and he became famous in a hotel . he played a background music with piano .
i am very satisfied with my work now , 100 yuan per hour , and the environment is good , what i want to do now is to find more work , and keep on coming up with a few hours .
it is understood that the hours of work has become the accumulation of work experience and skills for some graduates currently seeking to build up work skills , and the enhancement of communication skills in society .
the graduates are mainly concentrated in the fields of knowledge and skilled jobs , such as those with a strong professional translation , age - related and professional performing arts , and the proportion is 22.1 % and 26.88 % respectively .
some job - related jobs are not required to be high , such as promoters of food and clothing , and unemployed personnel can take up posts simply through training .
the figure shows that the number of employees originally employed in the job - related job - related job - related work should be 39.9 percent , of which the proportion of middle - aged unemployed in the retail sector should be as high as 68.4 percent , and the proportion of employees in the catering industry should be 58.7 percent , and the work hours have become an important channel for the unemployed to find jobs .
wu bangguo inspects anhui , stresses work in anhui
beijing , february 8 ( xinhua ) the chinese communist party central committee political bureau standing committee member wu bangguo made a special inspection tour of anhui province in the past few days , stressing that it is necessary to take the three major ideas as guidance , persist in using the scientific development concept to guide the overall situation of economic and social development , conscientiously implement the central principles and policies , further emancipate the mind and creatively carry out work , bring the scientific development concept into concrete measures , and constantly open up new prospects
from 6 to 8 february , wu bangguo went to wuhang mountains , wuhu , cotton , etc. , and went deep to enterprises in rural areas to conduct investigation on scientific research institutes and colleges of higher learning .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui has the advantage of having the geographic advantage of linking chengxi to the north , and is an important agricultural region in china . it has abundant natural resources , a relatively good industrial foundation , a relatively strong scientific and educational strength , and a rich cultural and tourist resources . it has a huge potential for development .
anhui should firmly seize the important opportunity of accelerating the rise of central china , unswervingly adhere to the central task of economic construction , conscientiously implement the central guidelines and policies in close connection with anhui 's actual conditions , creatively carry out work , and implement the scientific development concept in concrete measures and in practical work .
we should promptly sum up practical experience , fully rely on the masses of the people , vigorously support reform and innovation , and constantly open up a new situation in anhui 's work .
we should actively promote the building of a harmonious society and persistently make it our priority to achieve , maintain , and develop the fundamental interests of the overwhelming majority of the people as the starting point and end - result of all our work , create conditions , and gradually resolve practical problems for the needy masses . we should gradually readjust distribution relations between the urban and rural areas and gradually change the dual structure and narrow the regional gap , safeguard and realize social fairness and justice , and enable all the people to share the
wu bangguo stressed : china has come to a stage where it must rely more on enhancing its ability to make innovations on its own and improve its quality to promote economic and social development . only by vigorously promoting scientific and technological progress and innovation can china achieve a leap in the quality of productive forces and push forward economic and social development onto the track of scientific development .
we should establish and perfect as soon as possible a system and mechanism that is conducive to innovation , increase scientific and technological input , encourage patent inventions and development of famous brands , speed up the conversion of scientific and technological achievements into practical productive forces , strengthen the position of enterprises as the main body in independent innovation , and constantly raise the contribution rate of scientific and technological progress to economic growth .
we should support and encourage key technological elements to participate in distribution , establish and improve a statistical index system that embodies our ability to make our own decisions in innovation , study and formulate a policy that supports innovation in areas such as finance , taxation , and government procurement , and form a policy system that encourages independent innovation .
we should cultivate an innovative awareness among the entire society and vigorously advocate the spirit of daring to innovate and competition and devote efforts to creating a good atmosphere in which talent come forth in large numbers .
wu bangguo pointed out : in the course of governing the country according to law , the npc has played an increasingly greater role in building a socialist country ruled by law .
to do a good job in the work of people 's congresses under the new situation , first , we should adhere to the correct political direction , unswervingly follow the path of socialist political development with chinese characteristics , and organically integrate the adherence to the party 's leadership with the principle of allowing the people to be masters of their own affairs and the rule of the country according to law .
second , we should closely center our work around the overall interests of the party and the state , closely revolve around the major issues in reform , development , and stability , and carry out our work closely around the hot and difficult issues of common concern to the masses of the people , so as to constantly enhance the actual results of the work of the people 's congresses .
third , it is necessary to give play to the characteristics and advantages of the work of the people 's congress , persist in democratic centralism , handle affairs strictly according to procedures , and make decisions collectively .
we should adhere to the mass line , take people as the foundation , exercise power for the people , have the people in mind , and seek benefits for the people .
china puts forward plans for major scientific research in 15 years to come
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) china has made great efforts to promote sustainable development and focus on the development of the world economy , said a white paper issued by the state council on tuesday .
these four major scientific plans are the use of extracting funds for research and development of land and breeding and reproduction research on protein quality .
the outline points out that protein science is currently the commanding height of life science that is fiercely contested by developed countries .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on studying the technology for transmitting documentary technology for important biological systems , and the research of protein in science and its interactive effects on bio - technology , and its interactive effects on biology and system biology and protein research , as well as relevant basic research .
the outline also holds that quantum regulation and control research is of a clear forward - looking nature and may have an unestimable impact on the social and economic development of mankind after 20-30 years .
china should focus on studying the carrier of quantum communication and the principles and methods of regulation and control . calculating the measurement and control , the new quantum effect , the new quantum effect , the new principle and new technological foundation for measuring the weight of the limited weight system , and the new technological foundation for measuring the quality of the quantum system .
the outline also points out that nanometer technology has become a strategic choice for many countries to enhance their core competitiveness and is also one of the fields in which china is expected to achieve leapfrog development .
in the next 15 years , china will focus its research on this area , including the control of the manufacture of nanotechnology materials , the automated organic compact , and the functional chemistry of electronic science , nanometer biology , nanometric specialization and measurement , and the nasdaq material technology will be applied in the energy environment and information technology , etc.
china has a large population growth , many shortcomings in birth , a serious shortage in transplant organs , and the peak of aging population will soon come . therefore , it is urgent to make breakthroughs in the theory of reproduction and development and make technological innovations .
according to the outline , china will focus on the research of increasing cells and increasing blockage and regulation , and the maturity and complexity of the reproductive function of the human body and the disability mechanism for reproductive and stem cells , and so on .
shanghai 's housing price increase slowed by nearly 7 percentage points
shanghai , february 9 ( xinhua ) the government will provide a total of 1-2 - billion yuan ( about 3-4 - billion u s dollars ) in housing sector in 2005 , according to a government policy .
according to the latest data , the index of shanghai real estate industry dropped or slowed down in various indicators last year .
the price increase of residential property was 6.6 percentage points lower than the previous year , and the value of real estate industry was 4.1 percent lower than the previous year .
pan jianxin , director of the shanghai municipal statistics bureau , said at a press conference recently that in 2005 , the average sales price of commercial residential housing in shanghai city was 6698 yuan per square meter , up 313 yuan over 2004 .
the price of residential housing rose 9.2 percent year - on - year , down 6.6 percentage points from the previous year .
the added value of the real estate industry for the whole year was 67.023 billion yuan , down 4.1 percent from the previous year .
the proportion of loans for personal housing and mortgage loans totaled 2,64.494 - billion yuan , up only 19.84 - billion yuan in that year , while the amount of new loans for 2004 reached 72.809 - billion yuan .
pan jianxin said that from the perspective of the sales prices of real estate in shanghai throughout the year , the prices of commercial housing were steady and slowed down .
the data also showed that according to the latest data , in 2005 , the rate of increase in real estate prices in shanghai dropped somewhat , and the average sales price of residential commercial housing was 6698 yuan / square meters , up 313 yuan per square meter over 2004 .
the level of housing sales prices for the whole year of 2005 increased 9.77 percent over the previous year , and the rate of increase was 6.2 percentage points lower than that of the previous year .
according to him , last year shanghai 's real estate development investment was 12.4686 - billion yuan , up 6.1 percent over the previous year .
the total sales area was 31.5887 million square meters , down 9.5 percent .
sales of commercial housing totaled 216.13 billion yuan , down 4.5 percent from the previous year .
two light aircraft crashed in new zealand
wellington , february 9 ( xinhua ) two new zealand light aircraft crashed in a sea area about 100 kilometers north of wellington , killing two people and wounding two pilots of the flight academy on board , the local news agency reported .
according to relevant responsible officials of the local civil aviation department , the two pilots on board the aircraft were all trainees of the flight academy of maxi university . they were still receiving training and have not obtained their flight licenses .
the two planes were at the time of the accident , and according to regulations , the pilots should be responsible for the navigation and safety of the aircraft in such a zone .
a witness at the scene of the incident told new zealand media that he had heard of a huge explosion when the plane collided and saw the plane crashing into the ground .
another eyewitness also confirmed that before the plane crashed , it heard a huge explosion sound and saw a plane crash .
the cause of the collision is not yet clear , and the local civil aviation authorities will conduct an investigation .
argentine overseas chinese condemn chen shui - bian 's taiwan independence , vociferous comment
xinhua news agency , buenos aires , february 8 ( reporter cao yu ) - the argentine china council for promoting peaceful reunification , set up by overseas chinese and chinese residing in argentina , issued a solemn statement , condemning chen shui - bian 's recent strongly intended remarks on 8 february for taiwan independence and opposing any attempt to separate taiwan from china .
the statement said : in his speech delivered on 29 january , chen shui - bian declared that he would abolish the national unification council and the national unification guidelines , which was a step taken by the roc as a feudal island .
the anticipation of peace for the compatriots on both sides of the strait and the good wish of the taiwan compatriots for peace and stability and development will face severe challenges .
the statement pointed out : resolutely opposing and curbing taiwan independence forces ' separatist activities and safeguarding peace and stability in the taiwan strait is still the most pressing task of compatriots on both sides of the strait and of chinese society in the world at present .
the statement stressed that the argentine council for promoting peaceful reunification is willing to hold talks with all overseas chinese and ethnic chinese living in argentina , who are from both sides of the strait , to unite as one , resolutely oppose the encirclement of taiwan in any form , and actively promote china 's peaceful reunification .
prc expert : us calls for military threat of china unjustifiably
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has always attached great importance to the development of sino u s relations , said a report issued by the pentagon to congress recently , which said china is likely to pose a new big country that may challenge the united states militarily .
experts believe that this is an unreasonable accusation against china 's normal national defense construction , and the overrating of china 's military threat is interference in china 's internal affairs .
the " four - year defense review report " is the new defense guidance document of the pentagon .
the 92 - page report expounds in three paragraphs on china 's military strength and the countermeasures that the united states should deal with , and the report has placed on china 15 times directly , and has put it in two words , china , or china , which is the major and emerging power , and china has the potential to carry out military competition with the united states ; if the united states does not have countermeasures , china will very likely develop superiority in the field of military technology , thus
zhang mingqing , a researcher at the world military studies department of the chinese academy of military sciences , said that although senior us officials had expressed similar views on many occasions , this is the first time that the united states has proposed in its national defense strategy report that china is a newly emerging big country that may pose a military challenge to the united states .
this report clearly for the first time made russia , china , as a newly emerging strategic opponent , especially regarding the so - called china threat theory , paying more attention to , and paying greater attention to ,
major general peng guangqian , a research fellow at the chinese academy of military sciences ,
what is noteworthy is that the " four - year defense review report " was formally submitted , and us president bush also submitted to congress the 2007 government budget , with the defense budget reaching $ 43.93 - billion .
if , in addition , with the military action in iraq and afghanistan , the us national defense budget for 2007 will exceed $ 500 - billion , creating a new record high , peng guangqian said , adding that this is almost equivalent to that of the military expenditure of other countries in the world .
peng guangqian held that the united states ' method of creating threats from other countries reflects the consistent style of the pentagon , which is aimed at winning more national defense funds and creating a huge military industrial complex in the united states .
experts say that compared with the huge military expenditure of the united states , china 's national defense expenditures are rather limited .
he has been a military expert who has participated in the drafting of china 's national defense white papers on many occasions , and said that since the 1990 's , china 's national defense spending has increased , but the proportion of the national financial expenditure in the same period has generally declined .
official data show that , compared with 1979 , china 's national defense expenditures fell nearly 10 percent in the same period .
china 's national defense budget for 2005 will be 244.656 billion yuan , only about one - fourth of the united states ' total , and the per capita military expenditure of the people will be about one - sixty of that of the united states , and the per capita military expenditure of the military will be about one - thirty of that of the us military .
its territorial area and china 's territorial land are roughly equal , but the difference in military expenditure is so huge , and who 's military strength exceeds the proper defense needs . this goes without saying , because the proportion of its territorial land is quite large .
peng guangqian said :
wang guangya , director of the research department of the china arms control and disarmament association , said that the united states should objectively assess china 's military construction and that china 's peaceful development does not mean that china and the united states will become military opponents in the future .
the white paper " china 's national defense in 2004 " says that china will firmly take the road of peaceful development and implement a defensive national defense policy .
china did not have , and will not , future threats against any country .
so far , china has not established military bases in any other country , nor has it dispatched a single soldier to other countries , while the united states has more than 100 military bases overseas , and has deployed more than 100,000 troops in the asian region alone .
professor zhu feng of the international relations college of beijing university said : china and the united states should increase communication and exchanges through the established channels , enhance mutual understanding and mutual trust , comprehensively promote the constructive and cooperative relationship between china and the united states in the new century , and jointly promote world peace and development .
( winter olympics ) the opening ceremony of the turin winter olympics will be a passion .
turin , february 9 ( xinhua ) the 20 th winter olympics will be held in the evening of the 10 th local time at 8 : 00 p.m . local time , the veil of mystery will be officially unveiled at the duunning olympic stadium .
on 9 july , the organizing committee of the turin winter olympics disclosed to reporters the brilliant arrangements of the opening ceremony .
as for the opening ceremony , castarini , chairman of the organizing committee , was full of confidence . he said at a press conference that the opening ceremony coded up to 10 million euros , bringing together top italian talents in all fields .
he said that the night of 10 may will be unforgettable , and at that time , the 35,000 spectators and the approximately 2 - billion tv spectators from the world will be full of the grand opening ceremony of the matching situation .
the warm red and warm red - filled five ring trees ,
the famous italian designer amani specially designed clothes for the opening ceremony , and the famous italian fashion brand , mostino , will provide courteous service to the athletes ' guide to the ceremony .
however , the famous italian male actor pavarotti will sing a song at the opening ceremony , and the organizing committee will keep this suspense in the end .
eight athletes who can spray flames on their heads will use a flame of more than three meters to show the passion of the fire , and they will pass through the field many times at a speed of 70 km .
officials from the organizing committee believe that this is the most satisfactory creation in their opening performance .
as for how to ignite the main torch , the organizing committee did not reveal it ahead of schedule , but the main torch platform , as high as 57 meters , will light up the residents on the nearby alps .
white house announces bush 's visit to pakistan and india in march
washington , february 9 ( xinhua ) the white house spokesman mcclellan said at a press conference on the 9th that although the blasphemy of the comic picture of islam 's predecessor mohammed triggered a strong protest in the islamic world , president bush will still visit pakistan and india in march in accordance with his plan .
mcclellan said that bush is looking forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he also said that he is making arrangements for this visit .
mcclellan made the above remarks when he held various demonstrations in some areas of pakistan to protest against the blasphemy of islam 's predecessor mohammed .
in january this year , when bush met with pakistani prime minister aziz at the white house , the two sides expressed the willingness to strengthen friendly cooperation and jointly crack down on terrorism that endangers the security of the two countries .
bush also said that at the invitation of the pakistani and indian governments , he will visit pakistan and india in march .
hamas cabinet seeks breakthrough in creating new cabinet
ramallah , february 9 ( xinhua ) the hamas cabinet has been formed to seek a breakthrough
xinhua news agency , beijing , march 27 ,
the palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) won the election of the legislative yuan , how to draw a blueprint for the new government has become the focus of attention in the international community at present .
what kind of new policy will hamas pursue directly affect the peace process the relevant parties will follow in their policy direction .
at the same time , the boycott of the united states and israel has added variables to the future of the hamas government .
at present , all the parties in palestine are stepping up consultations to reach an agreement on the difficulties and sensitive points in the formation of a cabinet that involve future developments .
the year after the premier 's post , which family ?
after hamas won the right to form a cabinet , some people are worried that hamas 's supreme prime minister may have a dispute with the current leader abbas .
moreover , hamas leader mashel , who is currently visiting egypt , stressed that the new palestinian government formed by hamas would not recognize israel , and this tough signal also aggravated international concern .
the united states and israel have clearly expressed that they do not accept a hamas government that holds the power in the hands of the palestinian people , and have threatened to stop providing economic aid to palestine and passing on taxes to the palestinian side .
however , this does not prevent hamas from making flexible strategic adjustments , and the election of an independent person is a compromise strategy .
it is reported that in order to obtain international recognition as far as possible , hamas and chinese and foreign leaders who gathered in egypt recently decided to select the chairman of the board of directors of the saudi islamic university , jamali al-huda , to be the new prime minister .
this move has not yet received any response from the relevant parties .
palestinian analyst hossein said that no matter who 's the prime minister 's post , the most crucial thing is that the prime minister 's candidate should play down as much as possible the hardliner color of hamas , and only by so doing can it ensure the success of the cabinet .
how to distribute power ?
from an internal perspective , the greatest challenge facing hamas in forming a cabinet is its lack of sufficient experience in governance .
an article in the palestinian daily newspaper said in an analysis that through the social welfare project , hamas has gathered in people 's favor , but in terms of governance it lacks experience and has cooperated with the palestinian national liberation movement ( fatah ) , which has the experience of being in power .
after the election , hamas proposed establishing political partnership with fatah , and jointly formed a national coalition government , but fatah has not given a positive response to this .
fatah 's internal opinion is different whether to enter the cabinet . one faction is advocating participation in the new government , and the other side is willing to make a show of active opposition in the legislature , rather than being invited by hamas .
the source pointed out that under abbas 's advice , fatah gradually inclined to join the new government .
even so , hamas and fatah will also bargain on the allocation of cabinet posts .
in addition , another way is to separate the organization of a legislative committee from the party 's cabinet .
it is reported that hamas has also designed a clean and expert - type government , but the specific list is unknown .
in view of the attitude of the united states and israel , the technical experts - type government has also lost its role as a form of cabinet that can reduce external pressure .
according to the provisions of the palestinian basic law , after the new legislative committee takes office on 16 june , nominating the prime minister and forming a cabinet will be completed within three to five weeks .
where will armed forces go ?
the weapons in the hands of hamas are another thorny issue facing the formation of a new government .
the us and israel have taken a very tough stance , resolutely demanding that hamas give up violence and refuse to enter the government with a gun .
hamas leader mashel stressed on 9 may that armed resistance was a bounden land of the organization .
the armed forces issue actually includes the legality of weapons and the ownership of the armed forces .
hamas was elected first secretary of the international community through democracy and freedom , and it has allowed its subordinate armed factions to be legalized by the same means as legalizing its subordinate armed factions .
hamas once proposed to unify all factions and armed forces as the armed forces of the palestinian national authority , but it did not receive a broad response and was also criticized by the palestinian islamic jihad .
palestine now has more than 60,000 security personnel and the overwhelming majority of them come from the fatah camp .
moreover , fatah also has some subordinate armed factions that have loose relations , such as the cemetery of martyrs of aksa , and the oceans of fatah .
hamas , which is responsible for forming a cabinet , must reach an agreement with abbas on how to manage the armed forces of each individual 's own free will and reasonably distribute the security management authority .
according to local media reports , abbas was purposely in charge of security and intelligence , police , and civil defense departments , but the new government 's ministry of interior was under the control of the ministry of interior .
however , the parties are still holding consultations on this sensitive issue , and so far there is no further document .
china issues first polar study report
beijing , february 10 ( xinhua ) the chinese state oceanic administration ( soa ) recently issued the " 2005 china polar inspection report " , which is the first time in more than 20 years since china began its polar scientific research activities .
the " report " comprehensively reflects the achievements made by china in polar scientific research activities in 2005 , namely , the study of polar science and technology for polar research and the extreme protection of natural resources .
according to the " report , " the " report " shows that at 22:15 on 9 january 2005 ( beijing time ) , the chinese antarctic ice inspection team successfully landed on the peak of the antarctic icecap on the high plateau of the antarctic ocean , and it was also examined at 3:15 on 18 january ( beijing time ) , which determined the elevation of the highest position of the chicom was 4093 meters .
under the increasingly fierce international polar examination arena , chinese people are strongly determined and fearless . they are bold in opening up new fields . they have first conducted research on the highest point of the southern region of ice and high oil and achieved success at one stroke , thus realizing another dream of mankind in the antarctic .
sun zhihui , director of the state oceanic administration , said :
the " report " shows that on 24 march 2005 , china 's 21 st antarctic expedition team successfully completed its mission and returned to shanghai . the inspection tour lasted 151 days and 26,500 nautical miles .
on 18 november of the same year , the 22 nd chinese antarctic expedition left shanghai and went to the antarctic zhongshan station to conduct scientific research activities . it will leave the zhongshan station before the end of february 2006 and return to shanghai via australia .
because it was the first time china issued the polar inspection report , the 2005 china polar inspection report also made a comprehensive assessment of the development of china 's polar research cause , which started in the early 1980 s .
according to the " report , " china formally joined the " antarctic treaty " in 1983 and became a member of the antarctic treaty . after the treaty was signed , the council of directors of the nan polar science research council of the southern pole of antarctic was among the most influential international organizations on antarctic affairs .
in 1997 , china became a member of the arctic science committee and won the right to speak and make policy decisions in international polar affairs .
the " report " points out that over the past 20 - odd years , china 's polar land inspection has grown from scratch , and has initially developed into a symphony of science research system , namely , the establishment of the southern antarctic changcheng station in february 1985 , the central antarctic station in february 1989 , and the north pole station in july 2009 , and the southern pole station which began to undertake since 1994 .
according to the " report , " by the end of 2005 , china has organized 22 antarctic scientific inspections and two oceanic surveys , and the northern oceanic ships , with the north polycotic sea as the pathway platform , were carrying two groups of inspection of the north pole . so far , more than 3,000 people have been inspected by sea in the whole country , and they have personally inspected the north pole in person .
at present , we are building the third antarctic observation station , and china 's first inland antarctic research station , and we are conducting feasibility study and investigation work .
sun zhihui said :
after more than 20 years of efforts , china 's polar research cause has already occupied a position in the world 's polar study , but compared with other major polar countries , there is still a big gap between us and we must catch up with our heads and make our decisions accordingly .
he said .
sun zhihui revealed that china will publish an polar inspection report every year .
castro meets with chen zhili , stresses sino - cuban cooperation in science , education
havana , february 10 ( xinhua ) cuban president fidel castro met with visiting chinese state councilor chen zhili on the 10th , and both sides expressed their willingness to further enhance cooperation in education , science and technology and other fields .
president castro warmly welcomed president chen zhili on his visit to cuba .
he said : cuba and china have maintained very friendly relations . the frequent high - level exchange visits have effectively promoted and strengthened friendship and mutual understanding between the two sides . he hoped that the two countries will constantly deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in various fields , including education , science , and technology .
chen zhili said : cuba is an important country with important influence in latin america and the caribbean region .
the friendly exchanges between the chinese and cuban peoples date back to ancient times .
cuba was the first latin american country that established diplomatic relations with new china .
after entering the new century , with the concern and promotion of the leaders of the two countries , the political mutual trust between the two countries has been deepened day by day , the scope of cooperation has been continuously expanded , mutual support and coordination in international affairs have been enhanced , and the sino - cuban friendly relations have entered a new period of comprehensive development .
she believed that with the joint efforts of both sides , sino - cuban friendly cooperation will surely yield more fruitful results .
chen zhili also pointed out that the chinese government has consistently attached importance to exchanges and cooperation with cuba in the field of education .
in recent years , educational exchanges between the two countries have become closer and closer , and personnel exchanges have been frequent .
china actively supports the international conference held by cuba and has sent delegations to attend all the world higher education conferences and the 2005 anti - illiteracy conference .
cuba 's basic education is very high , and we hope that the exchange of relevant experience will be further strengthened in the future .
chen zhili said : china and cuba have their respective advantages in the field of scientific and technological research and development , and can carry out cooperation in various fields to achieve mutual benefit and win - win results .
the chinese side 's aid to cuba 's some scientific research facilities is hoped to play a positive role in cuba 's scientific research and production .
she also briefed castro on the strategy of developing china through science and education and the national science and technology congress .
chen zhili arrived in cuba on 9 february local time at the invitation of the cuban government to begin his visit to cuba .
during the visit , chen zhili met with fidel cajo , cuban minister of higher education , and inspected havana university 's majestic science department , majy mati middle school , and saint maria primary school .
beijing - kazakhstan highway leakage of waste oil
harbin , february 11 ( xinhua ) the economy of the beijing - kazakhstan highway was hit by a traffic accident at about 2300 on february 10 , causing some road sections to be closed .
according to the police of the traffic police brigade of shuangcheng city public security bureau , three vehicles collided at 58 kilometers of beijing - kazakhstan highway at about 2300 on 10 april . a civilian vehicle with a heavy vehicle , a vehicle with a gasoline tanker and a tanker , cracks were leaked on the oil tank . the fuel flames were loaded on the road .
it is understood that the tanker was loaded with discarded oil that produced coke .
because the waste oil is thick and is thin , the departments concerned have already removed the road closure for the accident because of the risk of a fire in the past vehicles .
harbin has been closed to some sections of the highway along the shuangcheng road , and many vehicles have been left there .
at present , the departments concerned are cleaning up the site and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) plus the republic of china , plus italy 's matching ceremony
hong kong , february 11 ( xinhua ) the china hutchison whampoa corporation announced today that it would postpone its implementation of its third telecommunications company , the roc , and the republic of italy .
and huo jianning , general manager of huangpu group , said that although + 3 of italy has obtained approval for listing of all relevant regulatory bodies , it is really too hastily that the time for the securities offering process should be completed in the next few weeks .
meanwhile , the current market conditions in the european telecommunications market is weak , and the market cannot necessarily grant china 3 a suitable listed listing at this moment .
in view of the maximum interest of shareholders , the decision to postpone the listing of the stock market has been postponed .
as to when to be listed on the stock market , fok said that it would depend on the future european telecommunications market .
he believes that from now on to the time of another ipo , + + + 3 + italy needs to launch a wide range of educational activities for investors worldwide , and understand more clearly the strong performance of + 3 + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
according to other media reports , soyuz , one of the global coordinators of investment , agreed to invest in a private allotment of 420 million euros , and sold 10 % of the matches by the end of march .
china - myanmar economic and trade ties develop in good shape
yangon , february 12 ( xinhua ) chinese ambassador to myanmar guan mu and an economic and trade counselor tang hai visited china on the eve of myanmar prime minister soe win 's visit to china on the 14th , during which he said that the two countries ' economic and trade relations between china and burma now show a good situation of mutually beneficial cooperation in various forms .
ambassador guan mu said : in recent years , the sino - burmese good - neighborly and friendly relations , which have been established on the basis of the five principles of peaceful coexistence , have been consolidated and developed , exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been expanding and deepening , and economic and trade relations between the two countries have been constantly expanded and strengthened .
counselor tang haohai said that the high - level exchange of visits between the two countries has vigorously promoted the development of bilateral economic and trade cooperation .
during the high - level exchange visits between the two countries in 2004 , the two sides signed 33 documents on economic and trade cooperation , most of which are being implemented and implemented .
he said : the figure for 2004 is $ 1.14 - billion , and the figure for 2005 is $ 1.209 - billion , of which china 's exports and imports are $ 935 - billion and $ 274 - million .
last year , in bilateral trade , trade between china and myanmar reached 6.30 billion us dollars , up 14.63 percent over the previous year .
tang said myanmar has become a major partner of chinese enterprises in the construction of the project , and china 's main projects in myanmar include power stations , bridges , ports , factories ( such as sugar factories , livestock plants , and paper plants ) .
chinese enterprises in myanmar have started construction business , which has led to the export of all kinds of chinese mechanical and electrical products . myanmar has become one of the major markets for china 's complete sets of equipment and mechanical and electrical products .
according to statistics from the chinese customs , in the past five to six years , the export of mechanical and electrical products has accounted for about 45.5 percent of china 's total exports to myanmar .
counselor tang also said that myanmar is rich in natural resources and that chinese companies have already started investment in the development projects of resources such as the oil and gas field mine in myanmar , and there is great potential for the development of sino - myanmar economic and trade cooperation .
he expressed the hope that chinese enterprises will have a long - term view , learn to avoid risks , and make prudent decisions , and establish a good image of enterprises . when they are able to ensure the quality of their projects , they must complete their work on schedule and ensure the quality of their projects are completed on time , so that they can win glory for the country .
ambassador guan mu and counselor tang hai both believe that premier soe win 's upcoming official visit to china will be a major event in bilateral relations this year and will be of great significance to enhancing political mutual trust , promoting bilateral cooperation , and promoting the further development of sino - burmese good - neighborly and friendly relations .
it is expected that the two sides will sign several documents on economic and trade cooperation during the visit .
world bank to reduce poor countries ' debt
moscow , february 11 ( xinhua ) world bank president wolfowitz said on the 11th in moscow that the world bank will completely remove the debts of the poorest countries by the middle of this year .
during his meeting with the leaders of the group of eight finance ministers in moscow on the same day , wolfowitz held talks with the finance ministers of the member states who had come to attend the g8 finance ministers meeting .
in a statement issued after the meeting , he said that the world bank would implement the debt relief program before july 1 this year , and the world bank is completing all technical work .
last year , the world bank donor countries completely exempted from debts owed by 28 countries and indicated that they would fill the funds for the relevant trust funds .
the international monetary fund ( imf ) has a relatively small amount of creditor 's rights , and the imf has started to reduce or waive its debts at the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz 's commitment to russia 's decision to exempt 16 african countries from their debts .
the high - definition digital television has gradually become mainstream in the united states
new york , february 12 ( xinhua ) the high - resolution digital television sets ( c ) , and the prices of these televisions and televisions are continually expanding , and the us television transmission agencies are stepping up their efforts to introduce corresponding tvb programs .
the us super cass , the newly - formed american olive soccer player , has become a hot player in the us broadcasting industry to welcome the high - ranking tv match .
according to a recent financial times report , the us congress recently passed a bill to stipulate that american broadcasting industry personnel must stop broadcasting the current simulated television signals on 17 february 2009 and only send digital signals .
this means that the comprehensive digitization of us television programs has already had a clear timetable .
the popularization of high resolution digital television depends on consumers to purchase television sets on one hand , while on the other hand , it depends on producers to provide high - definition digital programs .
although digital television has been mentioned repeatedly in the past few years , it has never become a reality .
this problem has taken a turn for the better this year .
according to the forecast by the us consumer electronics association , digital television sets will sell their sales in the united states this year for the first time exceeding the traditional tv sets , and 85 percent of the digital tv sets are high - resolution products .
japanese researchers develop new highly efficient human kidney
tokyo , february 13 ( xinhua ) japanese researchers have developed a biologically - made kidney that not only has the same characteristics as human kidney , but also has the same characteristics of having material content .
according to a recent report by " nikkei industrial news , " the newly developed bio - man - made kidney is mainly composed of two parts , and part is used to filter xie waste and water from blood , and the other part is used to make a return of blood for the blood of the serbs and other parts of the country , which are used to return to the blood cells to make a fresh blood cells .
the people made a living of a monkey and a monkeys , and made of a silk line , and made a small leopard of people , and filled with substitute for substitute for decontamination .
this type of skin cells can make the oxygen , which can be analyzed through multiple blood transfusion , is subject to the distribution of material for diagnostic hydrogic acid and return to blood , and at the same time , it can also enable the cells necessary for body to enter the blood cells and other materials .
in the past , human - made kidney relies on the difference of penetrating pressure to replace waste , and it cannot be completely removed , and it does not have the function of making cells such as hydrogen compound return to blood .
the researchers used the sheep to carry out experiments on transplant of biological human - made kidney , and the skin cells used in pig skin inside the silverstral line of man - made kidney .
two weeks later , researchers confirmed that man - made kidney had been able to function .
at present , they are developing bio - human - made kidney for the use of human dirty cells and will start clinical research after verifying their safety .
china 's power safety still faces severe challenges
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the state power commission said today that the country 's power production has maintained a stable overall momentum in 2005 , but the country 's power production safety still faces severe challenges .
shi yubo , vice chairman of the state commission for supervising and controlling power supply , made the remark at the fifth ( enlarged ) meeting of the national committee for supervising and controlling power safety and production held here . he said that china 's power safety in 2005 was generally stable , successfully fulfilled the task of heating power supply in summer , achieved the goal of ensuring safe power supply , actively coping with the recurrence of natural disasters , and basically ensured safe and stable operation of the power system
however , he pointed out that with the changes in the situation of power supply and demand and the successive operation of a large number of new generating units , the power safety production will face new challenges .
these challenges include : regional seasonal taps of electricity will continue to exist , and the situation of power supply in some regions will remain tense , and as a benign mechanism for electricity prices has not yet taken shape , there still exist relatively large problems in coal supply , and the problem of the decline in coal quality has not been effectively controlled , which will have a serious impact on the stable operation of the power generating units , the weak structure of some of the power grids , equipment , and
shi yubo said : with the deepening of the reform of the power system , many deep - seated contradictions will continue to be exposed . how to maintain the stability of the ranks of workers and staff members and ensure the normal order of production will become new problems .
in view of the 2006 work of electricity safety production , shi yubo said : we should further consolidate the basic work of power safety production management , speed up the establishment and improvement of an emergency management mechanism for power safety , enhance the capacity for dealing with emergencies , strengthen coordination and cooperation between power plants and power grids , and jointly safeguard the safety of the power system . we should continue to do a good job in the work of supervising and managing the safety of the dam and building of
it is reported that in light of the new situation in the management of electric power safety , the commission will amend and improve the " interim regulations on investigating electric power production accidents " that have been promulgated this year . meanwhile , a complete document on the safety of the dam and the second system safety protection for the power stations will be issued to the lower levels this year .
in 2005 , the total electricity consumption in china will reach 246.89 billion kilowatt - hours , up 13.45 percent over the same period last year .
in the face of the situation of power supply and demand still being tightened , and the outstanding contradictions in coal , electricity , oil , and transportation are among other unfavorable factors , various power enterprises have taken effective measures to strengthen equipment management . there were no major equipment accidents in the whole country 's power production last year .
74 power grids have been reported , a decrease of 127 , and 427 equipment accidents have been reported , a drop of 132 .
south african envoy to china said that south africa does not have a criminal organization , and that it is justified to justify the acts of chinese citizens .
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) south african embassy in china today held a reception in beijing to mark the 50 th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries , according to a special interview by xinhua news agency .
he also said that the south african government will spare no effort in cracking down on all forms of crime .
fu kangning said that the south african government hopes to lower the crime rate to zero , and hopes that the life and property of every foreigner working in south africa will be fully protected by the local law and citizens .
since 2006 , four chinese citizens have been killed in south africa , and the chinese world has expressed broad concern over this .
the chinese foreign ministry has made representations to south africa on this matter and has reminded chinese citizens residing in south africa to further enhance their awareness of security and precautions , and overseas chinese compatriots have strengthened unity and friendship with the police to jointly crack down on criminal activities .
we express our sincere sympathy and condolences to the families of the victims , and make our land .
fu kangning said : we are sorry for this and we also invite the chinese people to believe that the south african government is conscientiously investigating each and every case related to china .
the chinese embassy in south africa said that south african police have successfully cracked a case in which a chinese fujian woman chen jianqing was killed in south africa on february 5 . a suspect has been arrested .
police are now hunting for another suspect .
the south african embassy in china also revealed that the criminal suspected of shooting and killing hong kong businessmen in january this year has been arrested by south african police , and the property of the victims has been recovered .
on the possible impact of the killing of chinese citizens , fu kangning said that these incidents will indeed have a serious impact on the trade between the two countries and on tourism in other fields , but from a long - term point of view , the influence should not be too big .
according to nelson nelson , the embassy has sent a total of 1,035 tourist gifts to more than 2,000 chinese in the first 15 days of this year .
according to official statistics , south africa will continue to maintain china 's position as the largest trading partner in africa in 2005 .
the bilateral trade volume reached $ 7.27 billion , up 23.0 percent over the same period last year .
however , the tourism industry believes that the continuous killing of chinese citizens in 2004 has caused a significant impact on the number of chinese tourists to south africa .
according to statistics from the south african tourism bureau , in the first half of 2005 , 2,0331 chinese tourists went to south africa , a decrease of 14.9 percent compared with the same period last year .
there are 200,000 chinese living in south africa , and there are more than 200 million people living in south africa .
analysts here believe that the gap between rich and poor in south africa , high unemployment rate , and rampant gun - related crimes in south africa are not deterred by death penalty , and the crime rate remains high .
many chinese do not understand english and have cash in their bodies and their homes , so they are more prone to become the target of the criminal 's financial attack .
hk promotes continuous english learning and training
hong kong , february 13 ( xinhua ) the government of the hong kong special administrative region ( sar ) launched a new job english campaign on the 13th to enable more people on the job to raise their english standards .
this young scholar who studied english well and had a good life , including a series of promotional activities to promote the learning and training of workplace english , and to enable employers to understand how to help their employees upgrade their english proficiency .
up to now , the scheme has provided funding to nearly 25,000 people to complete the workplace english training course , enabling them to attain the benchmarks for the workplace english in hong kong .
hong kong 's cellular english movement was launched in 2000 .
key projects of workplace english campaign : funding scheme for workplace english training
the scheme aims to help employees who need to use english in their work to acquire the english language proficiency through participating in the training and taking part in designated international business english examinations .
hebei conducts tests on aids , exercises free and voluntary participation
shijiazhuang , february 14 ( xinhua ) the hebei provincial health department recently formulated and issued the " procedures for implementing voluntary consultation and testing of aids in hebei province " ( trial ) , explicitly stipulating the principle of free and voluntary surrender of aids to aids patients and patients , hoping that they can find as much as possible those infected and patients with aids , and further implement the intervention measures and the policy of preventing aids and preventing aids from being sent to the central government .
the " plan " has specified the principles for voluntary consultation and examination of aids in hebei province : free tests and consultation on aids resistance , voluntary consultation and consultation on aids resistance , voluntary and voluntary participation in aids prevention and consultation , and secrecy of aids antibody detection and consultation ; no judgment on the relevant behavior of the consultation ; the legitimate rights and interests of hiv carriers and aids patients are protected , and the follow - up services are provided to them .
the " plan " calls on the aids consultation and examination center to be set up at a place convenient to the consulates . to protect the privacy of the consulting staff , it is necessary to have a room to conduct one - to - one consultation .
the advisers ' choice should take into full consideration the quality of their own , the knowledge and the ability to exchange information .
to protect the privacy of the consular , the inspection and test leaflets can be registered with the code or number .
the " plan " also requires health administration departments at and above the county level to announce in the main local media the name list of medical and health organizations and telephone hotlines that undertake voluntary aids screening and testing services , so as to facilitate the masses to understand the relevant information .
the ministry of public security still focused on examination of extortion of confessions by torture
beijing , february 14 ( xinhua ) the ministry of public security has decided to send a special team to the country to help the country 's police force to be deployed in a non - suitable way , said zheng baigang , deputy director of the police supervision bureau under the ministry of public security , at a press conference held by the ministry of public security on the 14th .
the focus of the work of the supervisory departments is also to prevent the occurrence of these problems .
he also pointed out that some international organizations do not fully understand the law enforcement situation of the chinese police .
the latest information provided by the ministry of public security on 14 june shows that the ministry of public security issued in 2002 the " regulations on putting in place measures for public security organs " and " regulations on applying continuing interrogations " to public security organs , which have better guaranteed that the measures for public security organs to stay in these areas are applicable to continuing interrogations .
since 1997 , in order to push forward the work of rectifying three things in a thoroughgoing way ( namely , forcing extortion of confessions by torture to make use of force for controlling arbitrary enforcement of public security organs nationwide , the police force of the national public security forces , and police police forces of the border defense forces -- and the traffic police force -- and public security control centers -- etc. -- on the front - line law enforcement units -- to inspect law enforcement units at the grassroots
to prevent the occurrence of law enforcement problems at the source , the departments that oversee police supervision have extended the role played by law enforcement inspectors and increased the use of applicable measures to inquire about the issue of law enforcement personnel who took part in criminal cases , including the investigation of illegal funds and materials , and the investigation and examination of the law enforcement links such as the recruitment of law - enforcement information on vehicles .
chinese fm discusses taiwan issue with taiwan , taiwan
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) a senior official of the taiwan strait exchange foundation ( sef ) said here today that the chinese mainland will not be allowed to join the united states in the fight against sars because of acute infarctic infections and acute heart failure .
sun yun - hsuan was born on 11 november 1913 . he was a native of penglai , shandong province , and graduated from the electrical machinery department of harbin industrial university .
he was a member of the 10 th and 13 th central committees of the kmt , a member of the 11 th central standing committee , a member of the 14 th central committee presidium , and a member of the 15 th central committee of judges .
he was formerly minister of transportation and communications and head of the administrative department of the ministry of economy , and president of the executive yuan .
heilongjiang promotes the songhua river water pollution ecological environmental impact assessment and countermeasures
harbin , february 16 ( xinhua ) the government has decided to implement a series of measures to prevent the ice - sewed water in the songhua river from spreading to other parts of the country , said the official
this reporter has learned from the heilongjiang provincial environmental protection bureau that the shuanghua river , which is the main body of the songhua river 's major pollution incident , and the project of countermeasures , has decided 15 special topics , which are divided into four categories , namely , ecological effects , environmental pollution control , and human health control , and the comprehensive assessment of the pollution control and control technology , and the specific time and time for making three stages .
currently , there are 10 scientific research institutes in heilongjiang province , totaling more than 60 people , undertaking 14 research projects .
it is reported that environmental protection departments and relevant scientific research institutions will conduct research on five special topics , namely , an emergency environmental evaluation and countermeasures for the incident , and strive to first solve environmental problems that the masses are most concerned about .
these measures include mainly controlling the concentration of pollutants in the surface , and forecasting pollution from the total discharge volume of pollutants that affects the safety of the water in the songhua river , which is decentralized in water supply between the two sides of the strait , and the local underground water . assessing the safety of urban water supply and clean water supply technology , and studying the residual pollutants in the process of the songhua river and the dis@@
heilongjiang province 's environmental protection department will also intensify environmental monitoring on the banks of the songhua river and seriously investigate and deal with environmental incidents that cause serious pollution caused by illegal discharge of pollutants .
heilongjiang will send environmental law enforcement personnel to supervise and guide various localities in conducting comprehensive environmental improvement in small river valleys and improving the environment management system for the basin , such as the laoyang river , and the manghe river .
beijing university opens mourning hall to mourn wang xuan
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a national university in beijing to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the founding of the beijing university , which was set up at beijing university , at 0900 on the morning of 15 february . up to noon on that day , hundreds of people have come to pay their respects to the chinese embassy .
at about 0800 hours , the opening hours of the hall were not yet , and several dozen people had already queued up in the long team .
at the lecture to mark the 100 th anniversary of beijing university , this reporter saw that black banners were hung on the wall of the hall , and he wore deep grief for academicians wang xuan .
under the banner , there was a big picture of wang xuan , a dozen square meter of electing a giant statue . he was smiling and smiling in his face with a glasses . he was in a very ardent and elegant state .
the portraits were placed on both sides of the trees , and dozens of wreath zones were divided along the two sides .
one of the wreath wrote this : i am going to hang up the foundation stone laid by tang brilliant china , and send a lead to send a picture of the contemporary electricity , and send a picture of the past .
the mourning hall was low and the atmosphere was heavy .
among the crowd of condolences were the leaders and teachers and students of beijing university , and the friends of wang xuan , academician , and his neighbors . many people who had not been familiar with him also specially rushed to the site .
some of them held fresh flowers in their hands , some carried a flower basket , and each of them armed with white flowers in their chest and slowly walked to the portraits of academicians wang xuan , bowing their ambitions .
many people could not help but shed tears .
zhang wenbin , who was once director of the state cultural relics bureau , is an old alumni of beijing university . he told the reporter that more than 10 years ago , he was still working in henan province and asked professor wang xuan to give a report on scientific and technological innovation to the provincial party committee cadres .
academicians from sichuan selected academicians are all examples we should learn . he is a model for our country and society . the people will never forget his , and the people will never forget his .
jin ruilin , professor of the beijing university law school , has been old neighbors with wang xuan for more than 40 years .
he was just released a few days ago and insisted on farewell to his old friend today .
mr. kim left a message on the manual , which could not suppress his own grief and brooked tears from his many times .
he told the reporter that professor wang xuan 's life was very frugal , and he was already a professor when he lived in the yufu garden , and he had already made very high achievements , but he still lived in a very small house for many years .
later , he moved to chengzai garden and lived in a place of 780 square meters for more than ten years .
beijing university gave him a research team of more than 140 square meters of a building of academicians at the blue camp , and he did not want to , and the high - level housing provided by fang zheng building also did not want to go to cape ornamental .
mr. jin recalled with deep feeling that during wang xuan 's overseas visit , he would leave him with high treatment , but he resolutely declined .
at the beginning , he insisted that he would not apply for an academician , but he fill up the form after several mobilization by mr. zhou peiyuan .
mr. jin was deeply moved by wang xuan 's attitude on cultivating young people , he emphasized on many occasions that now i have some achievements , not on myself , but on cultivating young people and making them feel like a stalemate .
mr. jin said , when he was 50 years old , wang xuan began to pay attention to cultivating young people . he has always stressed that it is necessary to pave the way , be willing to be a man 's ladder , and give way to young people .
+ this is a very successful scientist , and it 's not easy to make it .
this reporter has learned from the beijing university news center that from 09:00 on 15 february to 1:00 noon on 19 february , the memorial hall of academician wang xuan will be open to the public from 09:00 to 1600 every day for people from all walks of life to pay their respects .
the book is a symphony of modern technology , and the chinese academy of engineering , academician of the third world academy of sciences wang xuan , who has been treated with illness , was held at 11:30 on 13 february in beijing with a doctor of illness at the age of 70 .
china 's npc , chilean parliament establish exchange mechanism
wu bangguo attended the signing ceremony and signed the agreement .
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese top legislator wu bangguo attended a meeting of the chinese national people 's congress ( npc ) and the chilean parliament on the establishment of political dialogue between the two parliaments at the great hall of the people on the afternoon of 15 february . he signed the agreement .
the exchange mechanism between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament has been officially established .
it is reported that chilean senate president romero and chamber of deputies speaker arsensio signed the agreement in the chilean capital of santiago .
according to the provisions of the agreement , the two sides will establish a political dialogue relationship between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament in accordance with the principles laid down in the communique on the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and chile . the two sides will set up a dialogue committee on a rotating basis to hold non - regular meetings between the two countries to jointly promote the comprehensive development of bilateral relations .
chilean ambassador to china kafara attended the signing ceremony .
china to issue regulations on protection of information network
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) many websites are relying on a large number of newspapers and magazines to reprint their news reports , but many of them have not authorized their reports and have not paid any expenses on their official records , and have not paid any fees to offset the situation .
wang ziqiang said : according to the provisions of the existing law , the works already published in newspapers and periodicals can not be carried out without the approval of the author 's author 's consent , and the remuneration of the newspapers and periodicals is paid at the same time . the state copyright bureau has formulated special standards for reprinted and reprinted the works in accordance with the law .
however , according to the existing law , the newspaper and periodical enjoy the right to this statutory license , and at present the internet does not enjoy the right to this statutory license .
according to relevant judicial explanations made by the supreme people 's court , the method of using the reprinted licenses can be applied to the internet , that is , small articles published on the internet by newspapers and magazines , and the authors did not make short statements on the internet , and the internet could not be used without permission , and at the same time pay should be paid .
however , since the judicial interpretation does not set any provisions on the remuneration standards , there is no payment in the actual use of the internet .
sodium 's use of these short works already published on the internet is applicable to the legal aspect , and it also requires the confirmation of confusion from the legal level .
wang ziqiang said : should the scope of the sooner be included in the legal definition , and when this regulation is promulgated this year , the regulations on protection of the right to dissemination of information networks will be confirmed .
russian military says georgia 's parliament resolution not to affect russian peacekeeping operations
moscow , february 15 ( xinhua ) the russian defense ministry 's press officer sergei ivanov told the media on the 15th that the resolution of the georgian parliament on russian peacekeeping forces will not affect russian military peacekeeping operations in the near future , and the russian people will continue to carry out peacekeeping missions in the south ossetia conflict region .
the russian state duma ( lower house of parliament ) and the cis commission chairman kakoshin issued a statement on the same day on the georgian parliament 's resolution on russian peacekeeping forces . he pointed out that georgia 's resolution would undermine stability in the region and would have an unfavorable impact on russian - georgian relations .
he stressed that the georgian parliament resolution has enabled the relations between russia and georgia to move forward in the direction of deterioration .
he said : georgia 's accusations against russia are absurd .
the georgian parliament passed a resolution on the same day demanding that russian peacekeeping forces stop their peacekeeping operations in south ossetia , but it has not confirmed the specific deadline for russian peacekeeping troops to withdraw .
georgia parliament accuses russian peacekeeping personnel of failing to fulfill their obligations and considers russia 's action in the conflict area as a thorny attempt to swallow georgia 's territory .
the georgian parliament called on the government to take active actions to consider the deployment of international peacekeeping forces in the south ossetia conflict region to replace russia 's current peacekeeping operations in the region .
the georgian parliament also instructed the government to revise the relevant agreement on the stationing of russian peacekeeping personnel in the conflict area .
south ossetia is an autonomous state in georgia , bordering the republic of north ossetia in russia .
after the disintegration of the former soviet union , it declared independence on its own and had been in a state of confrontation with the georgian central government for a long time .
at present , russia has a 500 - man peacekeeping camp in the region .
the unit was established in accordance with the territorial land of russia 's northern oci of georgia in 1992 , and the four sides of the south stalgia signed .
four responsible persons of the liaoyuan hospital 's dafa hospital will be charged with the crime of being involved in a serious accident .
changchun , february 16 ( xinhua ) the water level of the city of liaoyuan , jilin province , has been determined by the ministry of health , the ministry of health said here today that the fire has been caused by the fire .
on 15 december 2005 , the biggest hospital in liaoyuan city , chu chi center hospital , caused a fire and the death of 39 people .
in the fire , over 5,000 square meters of fire were over .
it is understood that this is the first major accident in the medical and health system nationwide since the founding of new china .
according to investigations , at about 1630 on the day of the incident , the central hospital of liaoyuan city suddenly stopped power supply . according to the circuits of the hospital , the electric power gate will automatically jump to the deputy gate to maintain normal power supply in the hospital , but the power gate was not automatically dipped . zhang diankun , head of the electrical squad , was forced to send power without finding out the cause of the power outage .
the smoke - generating underground cables , more than ten cable lines , were wrapped together in a chaotic manner , and the cable like this should be placed in a very neat and orderly manner , and fire prevention layers should be set up .
therefore , the 57 - year - old zhao yongchun , head of the electrical installation team of the yuanyuan city textile company , and sun fenglin , retired cadre ( senior engineer ) of the liaoyuan electrical engineering bureau , returned to the central hospital of liaoyuan city to recruit staff member jin chengtai , three of whom will also be prosecuted for suspected involvement in major accidents .
the guizhou first tour of china 's rural villages to be held in tunglung
guiyang , february 16 ( xinhua ) the guizhou provincial pingba county of dinglong county , guizhou province , one after another , wore the holiday best and the faces were filled with joy and joy .
at 10 : 30 am , after the five gu prayers ' year activities ended , zheng peizheng , 80 , a veteran with a long - seed shirt , sounded the first - aid ceremony for the first - tour of guizhou in china 's rural areas .
the village of tianlung is a typical representative of the development of tourism in guizhou and a national demonstration point for village tourism .
as a member of the tuen mun military and the oceans of the year of the ming dynasty , the people of the land of tuen mun have been in history for over 600 years .
here , one can see the blue - sleeved man wearing a broad - sleeved and broad - sleeved green robe , the ancient han culture and clothing are preserved in the village of tuen mun .
it is understood that by relying on this cultural traditional advantage , tianlong village has developed village and village cultural tourism since 2002 . in 2005 , the income from ticket sales alone reached 3.8 - million yuan . over 470 percent of the village 's total population took part in tourism through eating and drinking and transportation of grain and peasant households ' tourist commodities in 2005 . the per capita income of peasants has increased from over 1,300 yuan in 2002 to 2,640 yuan in 2005 .
yang shengming , director of the guizhou provincial tourism bureau , said that following the first tour of tianlong and tabao , new tourism in the rural areas has been under the theme of new tourism , and various rural tourism activities in guizhou will be conducted this year .
so far , more than 130 villages in guizhou have launched various village tourism projects . by 2005 , more than 600,000 rural households in the province have extricated themselves from poverty through developing tourism .
in january , housing prices in 70 cities across the country rose 5.5 percent , and housing prices in shanghai continued to fall
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the country 's 70 large and medium - sized cities ' housing sales rose 5.5 percent in january , down 0.7 percentage points from the previous month , according to the report .
shanghai housing prices continue to slide .
the state statistics bureau released on 16 november the statistics bureau of the state development and reform commission , and most of the 70 large and medium - sized cities saw small increases in housing sales in january this year , with the increase in housing sales in shanghai exceeding 10 percent , down 0.44 percent year on year .
statistics in the same digit show that in the first quarter of last year , the prices of shanghai 's housing went up by 19.1 percent over the same period last year , and then there was a turning point , and a slight decline in the second half of last year .
in january this year , sales prices of newly built commercial housing in 70 large and medium - sized cities rose 6.9 percent over the same period last year , 0.2 percentage points lower than the previous month .
the newly built commercial housing sector has a higher rate of increase than the same period of last year , including 18.9 percent in dalian , 10.07 percent in shenzhen , 10.070 percent in chengdu , 8.44 percent in beijing , and 3.1 percent in shanghai compared with the same period last year .
the central organization department has called for further intensifying supervision over the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres and cadres
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the organization department of the cpc central committee recently issued a document on strengthening supervision over cadres .
the " opinions " urged organization departments at all levels to proceed from strict management and care for cadres , and to carry out cadre supervision throughout all links of cadre cultivation , selection , and promotion of day - to - day management , and establish and improve a supervisory mechanism for strengthening the work of prevention and correction in a timely manner , and conscientiously strengthen supervision over the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres and cadres .
the " opinions " pointed out : the main tasks of the organizational departments ' supervision are : first , supervision over leading bodies and leading cadres is conducted with emphasis on strengthening supervision over the principal responsible persons of leading bodies ; second , supervision over the selection and appointment of leading cadres of the party and government is conducted over the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres of the party and government ; and focus on the supervision and inspection of the implementation of the " regulations on the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres of
in supervising leading bodies and leading cadres , the opinions pointed out : we should unremittingly conduct education in ideals and convictions and education in combating corruption and promoting clean government , and make education run through the training , selection , management , and supervision of leading cadres ; we should guide and urge leading cadres to strengthen their cultivation of party spirit , persist in establishing the party for the people , and build a strong ideological and moral defense against corruption and degeneration .
when talking to newly promoted cadres , it is necessary to set clear requirements for honesty and self - discipline .
we should urge the leading bodies at all levels to uphold democratic centralism , establish and perfect rules and procedures for discussing matters and making decisions , and conscientiously implement systems that combine collective leadership with individual division of work .
it is necessary to give prominence to supervision over the principal responsible persons of leading bodies , and organize ( personnel ) departments should hold heart - to - heart talks with principal responsible persons of leading bodies at the lower level , and understand the situation in the work style of their thinking .
establish and perfect the system of routine management and supervision of leading cadres , regularly understand and analyze the ideological and work style of the contingent of leading cadres , and put forward opinions and measures for resolving problems .
the system of holding admonitory talks and answering correspondence calls should be implemented , and admonitory talks or correspondence should be conducted in a timely manner when any symptoms of a trend are found .
the outstanding problems of leading cadres reflected by the masses should be seriously investigated and understood , and problems indeed exist , and criticism and education or corresponding organizational handling should be made in light of the circumstances . those units that have violated discipline and law should be transferred to law - enforcement organs for discipline - inspection and law - enforcement . those who have been investigated and found to have problems are to be clarified in appropriate ways .
at the same time , we should integrate the strengthening of supervision with the encouragement of bold exploration and innovation by cadres and pay attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the " opinions " demands : organization ( personnel ) departments at all levels should conscientiously strengthen supervision over the selection and appointment of leading party and government cadres .
further improve the system of recommendation , nomination , examination , and decision - making for cadres , and other supervision measures , strictly guard the pass of selecting and appointing cadres , and provide necessary conditions for placing political authority in the work of keeping close to and having the work style of selecting and appointing cadres who had passed away from the people to leading posts at various levels .
it is necessary to strengthen the inspection of the implementation of the regulations on appointing cadres , seriously investigate and deal with the conduct of violating the regulations on appointing cadres , and resolutely check the unhealthy trends and corrupt phenomena in the use of personnel .
the system of supervising and investigating those who seriously use the personnel in violation of regulations should be implemented , and the intensity of supervision , investigation , and investigation should be increased .
establish and perfect a system for investigating and affixing responsibility for the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres according to the principle of uniformity between power and responsibility , scientifically define the contents of responsibility for various links in the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres , clarify the methods for investigation , and increase the intensity of investigation .
we should give full play to the role of supervision by the masses and establish a mechanism for making things convenient and convenient for the masses to report and receive complaints .
we should give play to the role of supervision by public opinion , report to the media relevant situations in the work of selecting and appointing cadres in a timely manner , and accept supervision by public opinion .
the " opinions " pointed out : it is necessary to further improve the mechanism for coordinating and coordinating the work of supervising cadres .
organization ( personnel ) departments should strengthen their coordination with discipline inspection organs and establish a system of coordination with discipline inspection organs in the work of improving the party style and building a clean and honest government of the cadres concerned , and strengthen the joint force of supervision .
and work with discipline inspection organs to conscientiously do a good job in inspection work , improve inspection methods , improve the inspection system , and improve the quality of inspection .
in coordination with the auditing organs , the system of auditing leading cadres ' economic responsibilities has been seriously implemented .
improve the internal supervision mechanism for the work of selecting , appointing , and appointing cadres in organization departments .
taiwan authorities issue new rules on mainland investment
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the taiwan authorities ' economic affairs department decided on the 15th to punish taiwan 's yuchu kuang electronics co , ltd ( called tonghua electrical appliance company ) , one of taiwan 's largest electronics joint stock company ( hereinafter referred to as " lianhe " ) , for reasons that taiwan provided taiwan 's nt for illegally providing taiwan 's ships to establish its military bases on the mainland .
taiwan 's china times reported that this was chen shui - bian 's effective opening of cross - strait economic and trade policies , and the taiwan authorities ' punishment for taiwan businessmen investing in the mainland was the first case .
it is reported that people in taiwan 's economy ministry dropping the examination and said that the joint power company was supposed to enforce the regulations on relations between the people of the two sides of the strait and stipulated the regulations on investment or technology cooperation permission in the mainland .
in the future , the sodium will also submit a review report to former chairman of the united microelectronics corporation , tsao xingcheng , and others .
the + joint electric power case began in february 2005 . at that time , the taiwan investigation department used up to 100 people to lodge a surprise inspection of the houses and offices of several high - level officials of the united microelectronics company , saying that the government had illegally provided funds and human resources for the investment of science and technology on the mainland and for the use of science and technology on the mainland .
cao xingcheng , who was the chairman of the then board of directors of the united microelectronics corp , openly stated that the united microelectronics did not violate any regulations of the taiwan authorities , and the united microelectronics provided assistance to the boarding ship technology was for the long - term interests of the united microelectronics . if the united microelectronics corporation does not enter the mainland market as soon as possible , it will lose business opportunities .
later , the taiwan authorities ' financial supervisory committee , which violated relevant regulations on disclosure of commercial information , issued a penalty of nt $ 3 million to joint power plants .
on 9 january 2006 , the joint electronics board accepted cao xingcheng 's resignation . cao xingcheng was arrested several hours later on for suspected illegal investment in the mainland .
the united microelectronics company and taiwan 's chip circuit company ( for short , taiwan 's chang yuan and chu yuan were taiwan 's leading high - tech enterprises on the island .
over the past year , the taiwan authorities have been subjected to great attention from various circles on the island for a series of actions taken by the united microelectronics corporation .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) second term , macao + + voter contest in my mind , invites chinese worldwide
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the second session of the macao delegation led by macao governor kuang wang announced on the 17th in beijing that the committee would collect cantonese from chinese people around the world , which is a piece of books on macao .
the mecca is jointly sponsored by the macao foundation and the beijing hundred flowers literature and art publishing house , the " foreign edition of the mangwen sea . " chen jiangong , vice chairman of the chinese writers association , and others are the chairmen of the committee .
in 2004 , the first year of macao 's return to the motherland was the year of macao 's + imperial cultural competition in my mind . chinese and foreign literary lovers responded positively to the event . the organizing committee received more than 8,000 entries and more than 10 winners from china and abroad were invited to the macao special administrative region to receive awards .
wu zhiliang , executive member of the macao foundation , said at a news conference on 17 january that last year , the historical location of macao was included in the world cultural heritage list , which not only means that the macao people have affirmed the way and the community management over a long time , but also means that the chinese nation 's cultural tradition , which is friendly and mutually beneficial , has been introduced to the macao sar in the year of 2006 , is bound to be built on the world cultural heritage
wu zhiliang said : it is precisely under this good cultural atmosphere that the macao foundation and the baihua literary publishing house " lippon and offshore " have decided to cooperate again and hold the second year of macao 's + documentary contest in my heart , hoping that participants will show through their works the patriotic sentiments of loving macao and display macao 's elegant and unique humanistic flavor and stability in macao , and the new vibrant and prosperous image of macao 's cities
according to the briefing , the draft of the competition , which is due on 1 september , will be published in the " foreign edition of the bulletproof voucher , " which will open a column for the participants to participate in the competition .
the results will be announced in early 2007 at the macao sar .
shandong successfully carries out heart transplant operation
xinhua news agency , jinan , february 17th , ( by zhang yuqing and shen yuqin ) - the institute of cardiovascular disease under the jinan military region recently successfully carried out a heart transplant operation for baby babies .
on the 17th , the reporter saw in the intensive care unit that the babies after the operation were full of face and were full of red face , and all monitoring and inspection indexes were normal and smoothly passed through the danger period of surgery , and they were gladly playing with toys bought by medical and health personnel .
according to the medical doctor who was receiving the treatment on the same day , this patient from the rural area of t'an in shandong was sent to the hospital . he was full of purple and breathing difficulties . after examination and diagnosis , he was diagnosed with cyanananantic convalescence and was suffering from heart transplant .
heart transplant surgery is the most difficult and most complicated operation of heart surgery .
in particular , the transplant of baby 's heart surgery , which is under the age of one , is still blank in china .
the institute of cardiovascular disease under the jinan military region organized experts to conduct repeated studies and meticulously design surgery and trench - after - engineering protection plans , and made independent innovations in the method of blood vessels coin , and conducted animal experiments .
at 08:00 on 28 december 2005 , the operation formally began .
a patient who was born in the heart of the body was a cardiac - diving baby who died of an illness caused by an inhuman lung .
the operation coincided with six blood tubes , sewing more than 510 injections , and each needle was less than three mm .
the surgery was a complete success after 295 minutes .
state administration of safety supervision : curbing frequent occurrence of major accidents in coal mines
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) four accidents occurred in the past few days , causing more than 100 deaths and more than 100 injuries , according to the ministry of commerce , the ministry of commerce , the ministry of commerce , the ministry of commerce , the ministry of commerce , the ministry of commerce , the ministry of commerce , the ministry of commerce , the ministry of commerce , the ministry of commerce , the ministry of commerce , the ministry of commerce , the state administration of industry and the state council .
the reporter learned from the state administration of safety production supervision and administration on 17 july that it is necessary to effectively curb the frequent occurrence of major and catastrophic accidents such as coal mine accidents , and the most important thing in coal mine accidents .
this year , the state administration of safety supervision will do the following three things well :
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
this year , gas extracts should be put in a prominent position .
if the mine pits are not closed , they should be put under strict supervision and ordered to stop production immediately .
gravity continued to fight a hard battle to rectify and close .
we should make public the number of 5,243 which have been publicly announced to the public , and add to the fact that more than 700 coal pits that have been reported recently by various localities are closed down .
we should regard the closure of factories as regular work and continuously close down those coal mines that do not pollute the environment and are not qualified for safety .
and strengthen basic management of coal mine safety .
we must immediately correct the tendency to stop the slide in the management of a small number of large state - owned mines and set up a standardized safety management system for small mines that are in chaotic management .
in particular , we must pay attention to key state - owned coal mines , and must not allow excessive intensity of production .
this year 's production safety index requires that the number of deaths of various types of accidents across the country be down by 3 percent compared with last year , and coal mines dropped by 3.55 percent .
the accident , which killed more than 10 people in one accident , was reduced by 5 percent , of which the accident rate dropped by 7 percent .
these control targets have been assigned to people 's governments at all levels , and all localities are devoting efforts to grassroots units and enterprises .
statistics show that in 2005 , 5986 miners were killed in coal mine accidents , a drop of 0.77 percent compared with the same period last year .
however , the catastrophic accident involving more than 10 people in which more than 10 people were killed was on the rise , and the number of people killed was 66.6 percent higher than the same period last year .
barroso urges all parties to make compromise in kosovo 's future
belgrade , february 17 ( xinhua ) pristina , the european commission ( ec ) president barroso said here today that the european union ( eu ) should continue to cooperate with the parties concerned in the future process of kosovo 's status negotiations , so as to create a new political environment for the eventual establishment of a democratic and multi - ethnic kosovo .
barroso met with president of the interim kuwait 's interim authority serbian serbia serbia serbia serbia national assembly and other representatives on the same day . he told the media that all parties concerned in kosovo should adopt a tolerant attitude and establish a kosovo where democracy and multi - ethnic harmony are integrated . a kosovo which respects the government 's regime and protects the rights and interests of ethnic minorities can be recognized by the international community .
he also stressed that the european commission would do its best to help kosovo 's development .
barroso also expressed his appreciation for kosovo 's current implementation of the eight standards set by the united nations for kosovo 's democratic process .
he said that the implementation of these standards is the key factor that affects the integration of kosovo and europe .
he also called on all serbs in kosovo to join the institutions of the kosovo liberation organization and make positive contributions to the realization of democracy and the integration of various nationalities in kosovo .
barroso arrived in kosovo on the same day for a one - day visit to the country .
before this , barroso had visited croatia and seychelles and would visit macedonia and bosnia - herzegovina .
( winter olympics stimulants ) news analysis : there is a possibility that the dispatch of the code - named ' children ' incident may not be settled .
turin , february 17 ( xinhua ) the dispatch of the villains may not be settled , according to the latest report
xinhua news agency , gao peng , ding ying
although italy has repeatedly issued the orders saying that the use of the stimulant agent during the winter olympics may be faced with the fate of the + turf , judging from the circumstances , it is not very likely that this situation will occur in the first case of the current winter olympics , the main corner of the winter olympics , the russian winter olympic athletes , and the olympic monitors , will be on the list .
the turin winter olympics broke out on the 16th , the first case of stimulant scandal since the opening of the duling winter games . o'leukova was found to have used banned drugs .
the next day , the international olympic committee announced that lithuania had been released from the winter olympics . the two women she received at this winter olympics were also named " the winner of the women 's 15 - kilometer individual event " .
the international winter quarter two alliance made a decision on the same day on the penalty for the two years of the para race .
the international olympic committee has always stipulated that athletes who used stimulants in the olympic games will be disqualified and deprived of their qualifications for participation , but will not be subject to legal sanctions .
however , according to italian law , the use and carrying of doping by athletes is a criminal act , and the judicial organ has the right to directly arrest and investigate athletes using stimulants , so that those who are able to defy the law will face imprisonment ranging from three months to three years .
in december last year , the international olympic committee and the italian government went through a year of bargaining after a bargaining price had been reached . both sides agreed to handle the use of stimulants in the winter olympics in accordance with the italian law during the current winter olympics .
with the unstoppable efforts of the international olympic committee , the italian side made concessions four days before the opening of the winter olympics , pledging that the police would not enter the olympic village to search for the athletes ' places , but athletes who had positive drug detection will still accept investigation by the italian prosecutor .
it is reported that the italian government oversees the duling winter olympics officials , peoskanet , has handed over the spint case to the duling prosecutor .
however , the international olympic committee and petersburt himself have not yet confirmed this .
russian winter player andrew de mittov revealed at noon on 17 august that lionaika had left turin and returned to china .
the world anti - doping agency has been working for many years , said sangcheng , a chinese sports official who has been working in the world anti - doping agency , and once the country is sent back to china , the matter may be settled without a shadow .
shi kangcheng said that the international olympic committee and the italian government have never stopped cooperation on the issue of anti - rise spreads in the winter olympics . even if the italian procuratorial organ really involves , it is hard to say .
according to the previous reports of the use of stimulants by italian athletes , the maximum penalty given to the banned is the two years ' imprisonment suspended period .
therefore , senior journalist of italian news italian news agency italian news agency pelereli said that the possibility of sending lena to prison was too minor , and was fined at most .
peleri also said that although the italian court could hold a default trial , the italian police could not send lenino back to china to take custody and serve the sentence .
if lenin refused to accept the verdict , the italian side could not take her .
xinhua : new epidemic site continues to show strong anti - sars measures
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 18 , xinhua news agency 's reporters stationed in foreign countries reported that the bird flu has further spread on the african continent .
the world health organization confirmed on the 17th that three areas in egypt have found bird flu viruses dead .
in europe , france has also discovered for the first time five types of bird flu virus , europe 's high alert , and strengthening epidemic prevention measures .
who 's regional adviser to the east mediterranean sea region , hassan bush , told the press in egypt on 17 august that currently , kuwait in central egypt and three southern minoa region have discovered dead birds infected with bird flu virus , and relevant departments of the egyptian government have started slaughtering poultry that might have been infected with avian flu .
egypt is a major migratory country for the middle east and north africa , and birds from migratory birds are likely to carry the avian flu virus into the country , experts said .
egypt has announced the ban on the importation of live poultry from abroad and has strengthened quarantine work at the border ports .
the first chinese - made chicken farm in the cameroon capital of yaounde has killed more than 800 chickens in the past week .
cameroon has decided to suspend all imports of poultry and pork from nigeria and suspend the import of them from all markets along the two countries ' borders .
the cameroonian government has also set up a monitoring network for the epidemic throughout the country within a short period of time , and the basque center and national veterinary medicine laboratory in the country are in an emergency state of emergency , so as to carry out testing on the highly pathogenic 1 virus anytime .
in europe , denmark and sweden initially ruled out the epidemic on the 17th .
the swedish veterinary institute released a preliminary test on the dead swans found on wednesday , indicating that the swans in sweden have not been infected with the avian flu virus .
preliminary results from the danish national veterinary administration also showed that 30 dead swans had not been infected with the avian flu virus in the territory of denmark .
however , the agriculture department said denmark should not take it lightly .
the number of bird flu outbreaks in eastern europe has risen to nine this year , and who experts said in bucharest on the 17th that bird flu has been found almost everywhere in the danube delta region and that romania may continue to be threatened by the bird flu in the next three or five years .
the bangladesh government in asia has taken all necessary measures to prevent avian flu .
the government 's home affairs bureau ( cda ) has provided relevant officials with books on the prevention of avian influenza and has also organized poultry farmers to undergo training .
china 's first blood information management system launched in zhejiang
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the first blood information sharing control network system in china has been officially established and put into operation in the center , the blood center of zhejiang province said today .
a relevant responsible person of the zhejiang blood center said : this means that in the future , any citizen will take part in voluntary blood donation by blood donation organizations in any county ( city ) in zhejiang province . there will be a unique code record . when he comes to blood donations again , he will only have to record relevant personal information and make blood records on the blood for the first time , and then show whether he can participate in blood donation this time .
the responsible person further explained that if the relevant code - record is input into the system , the insolvency between the insolvent blood will be released before the interval between the two sides reaches .
this will not only protect the health of the donor himself , but also effectively protect the health and safety of the blood users .
in addition , when the blood supply is tense , the donor and his family have the right to give priority to blood . if you have to input the effective documents of the donor , you can immediately show the blood donor 's information , which is quite convenient .
according to a report by hangzhou 's " today morning post , " the information system has now been put into use in all 36 blood collection and supply organizations throughout the province , and the blood resources of all blood collection and supply organizations in the province can also be seen real time , thus realizing the sharing of data across the province .
to prevent the recurrence of the emergency evacuation of 11 villages in the philippines
manila , february 18 ( xinhua ) the total number of villages in the eastern philippines has increased by about 20 percent to 1-3 - million , local officials said here today .
" the new law will be implemented in the south laite province , where the mountain landslide occurred on the 17th , is similar to the one in the same area , " said lesotho , a south laite province official .
the residents of the 11 villages that have withdrawn will be placed in seven evacuation centers .
lyris said that the government yesterday ordered the evacuation of residents , and today again sent people to inspect these villages , because some people do not want to leave their homes .
the mountain landslide incident on 17 may occurred at a village in san sodium town in southern lloyd province . the scene showed the soil and rocks had buried the entire village and could only see several roofs .
as the soil is very thick and has a great humidity , the hope that those buried under it can survive is very slim .
at present , 109 people have been killed and 57 others have been rescued .
according to estimates , the death toll from the accident may reach 1,800 .
fujian overseas chinese community says china 's economic growth in first month
fuzhou , february 19 ( xinhua ) the export of quanzhou city continued to grow at a high rate in january , according to a report by the state development and reform commission ( sasac ) .
according to customs statistics , quanzhou achieved a record high of 330 - million us dollars in exports in january , a year - on - year increase of 35.2 percent , higher than the province 's average growth rate .
according to the analysis of quanzhou 's foreign economic affairs bureau , the main reason why quanzhou 's foreign trade grew rapidly in january was due to the influence of several foreign trade support measures in quanzhou , an enterprise 's enthusiasm for export was running high , quanzhou 's economy was operating vigorously , enterprise business confidence was strengthened , and the environment for foreign trade development was smooth .
