the first woman died in the diagnosis of the case and two mobile computers stolen from the two computer stolen from the diagnosis .
london , june 6 , 2007
the london daily reported that two of the two sets of diana princess diana died in 1997 in paris . the car accident investigation data were replaced by the former chief police officer 's office .
the report pointed out that the theft has triggered speculation that the computer might have a computer that was developed by former cosmopolitan police chief , sir smith .
however , a metropolis police station spokesperson said that the computer did not have any sensitive information . or it was related to the investigation .
" we are delighted to see that the sir steinson is the director of the police 's office in the great britain .
the report said that the nzambiya police cadre had been working in the past 10 days to trace two theft cases .
a car bombing occurred between january 28 and 29 . the two sides also had a total of 350 computers and cash , while the second case occurred last week .
the santiago police bureau also said that there is no evidence to suggest that the two cases were related to sir steve 's work .
" we have been pursuing the wilmyers concubine 's cause of death , not directly directed at the car accident .
the royal post - mortem , mr bergis , ordered in 2004 to continue to trace the relevant evidence .
the princess diana was born in a clash in the paris tunnel on august 31 , 1997 when she was killed and her family was also alive . the driver was also killed .
after two years of investigation , the french police believed that the driver was drunk and took the drug to drive the fast car , leading to the car 's loss of control and the tragedy .
the sri lankan warring parties agreed to hold talks in geneva in late august
but lun po , jan 7 , 2007
the home - mediating norway said that the sri lankan warring group agreed to launch the talks in geneva , switzerland on the 22nd of this month to resolve the dispute over the decades of racial bloody clashes that has been going on among all parties .
the norwegian special envoy for peace , solheim , said at a meeting with the negotiating team of the tamil tigers in london after meeting with baraki , the negotiator of the tamil tiger .
norwegian embassy here said in a statement that the clash between sri lanka and sri lanka was caused by the clash between the sri lankan government and the tamil tigers organization , demanding that the norwegian government assist in holding talks in geneva on february 22 .
the two - day talks will focus on how to strengthen the negotiations on the cease - fire agreement which will take effect on 23 february 2002 , and the agreement has never been fully observed by both sides .
the norwegian embassy pointed out that the two sides will discuss how to improve the implementation of the cease - fire agreement , which is the first time in the face - to - face negotiations between the two sides at such a high level in the past three years .
solheim said he would lead a norwegian team to take part in the negotiations , and the four members of the tamil tigers , led by baraki khan , and the sri lankan government was led by health minister .
he said : binding is the road leading to peace . however , it is important to hold talks . the process is expected to be difficult .
the resolution of the sri lankan ethnic conflict was a face - to - face negotiations in japan in march 2003 , but the tanzanian liberation tigers canceled the original plan for the liberation of sri lanka to be held in thailand in april 2003 .
du lin 's winter olympics opens , south - north korean team to join hands in the olympics
italy - based lithuania , april 10 , 2007
the 20 th winter olympic games opened in du lin today . during the cold war , the south and north koreans , each of whom were enemies , took part in the ceremony . the two teams joined hands in the ceremony .
south korean gold medal winner , ms ambrose lee , and north korean men 's flower skating competitor , mr kongren , served as the head of the team of south korea , leading south korea to the winter olympics stadium .
this is the first time that the south and north korean olympic delegation has won the olympic games in the winter olympics .
to reflect the changes in the situation of the two sides ' efforts to mend reconciliation in recent years , the sydney summer olympics in 2000 and the athens summer olympics in 2004 , both south korea and north korea 's delegations entered the competition .
north korea has not participated in the joint military exercise in salt lake city in the united states .
the korean peninsula was divided into two parts , namely , the south korea and the communist north , which were practicing capitalism in 1948 . the two sides were hostile to each other during the korean war from 1950 to 1953 .
nanchang 's north korean leader said at the summit of the year 2000 that relations between the two sides turned better .
according to the tradition , the greek team is the first country to enter the competition , and among the 80 countries participating in the competition , south korea is the 23 rd country to enter .
the landlord 's representative team is the last one to the outside world . when the italian team entered the arena , the sports ground immediately sounded a warm cheers and applause .
hovman once suffered a heavy heart - stirring drug , luckily awakening to start the performing arts
new york , april 16 , 2007
the united states , which is generally recognized as one of the most expensive movies this year , has won the championship of the great film of ibrahim : cold blood from bych , the main actor of the male film from philemon , revealing that he had been indulged in drug and alcohol when he was young and that he was unable to extricate himself from drugs and wine , and that lucky to succeed later he could only
hovleman said in an interview with cbs news magazine zhongguo ziji , " i regret it for 60 minutes . during that period , in order to get drugs and wine , it was really a case of unscrupulous means .
at that time , he was only 20 years old , and just graduated from the drama department of new york university , entering a society of all colors , and every day he was rotating and rotating , and finally he became unconscious and stagging and lost control .
he was in his 22 - year - old age at the company , and there was no such thing as drinking alcohol and drug - taking , which was the most panic in his life .
the next month 's conference of oscar awards will be held in oscars , which will explain the role of american writer kobayashi : cold blood warriors , white telegram , which is considered the most hopeful to win the best male lead award .
prior to this , he was very excited about his superb performance and had won many awards , including a golden ball award , the best male and the leading actor .
the 38 - year - old actor said during the interview that if he had not been determined to change the bad habit before becoming famous , he might not have been nominated by oscar .
he said he envies those who were 19 years old and suddenly became famous for cesse .
the bird flu trace has been trapped in a panic in europe
brussels , april 16 , 2007
the strain of bird flu has continued to emerge in europe , causing public anxiety .
the european commission approved another set of the bushes region control , which included regional control of the discovery of the virus , and forbidden all bird - type biological transaction from being transported .
the ministers said that the country 's major nuclear power plant , which was found in the city of paris , had been expanding to more chicken farms after the eighth day of the deadly virus .
egyptian officials are investigating a suicide car bomb attack in a farm in the south , which killed a group of chickens suddenly , worrying that the virus may continue to spread .
the european markets for chicken meat are affected by the virus , with a big decline , the eu executive committee stressed that there is no reason for panic .
the executive committee is responsible for the health and food safety executive committee , brasilo , who said that the public is concerned about this matter , but there is no need to react too much .
the previous virus found that the three kilometers surrounding reserves and 10 kilometers of warning zones were within the virus found , the eu commission again issued new regulations , which included all the european regions where the virus was found into the buffer zone for stereo zones .
a us official who declined to be named pointed out that everyone was nervous and that they would go to the united states one day and later to handle suspicious cases of the outbreak of the epidemic from all parts of europe .
the european region has so far sent out a large number of austrian consulates in bulgaria , croatia , greece , romania , poland , ukraine , and russia 's territories in europe . the dispute has reached its archives of 5:1 virus , almost all of which has been found in the country .
romania discovered the 31 st case on the 16 th , the millionth in austria and the ruegao island of germany .
italy 's southern part was hit by two ducks of bird flu virus , which was the first wild swans in europe , infected with the 51st virus .
eu officials are most worried about the possible impact of the forthcoming migratory birds from africa .
the nigerian government is working to prevent the spread of viruses in the african continent from infecting humans .
the nigerian government announced that all poultry farms in the vicinity of the infected farms will be vaccinated against bird flu no matter whether they are threatened by the virus .
the government of neighboring countries of nigeria announced that it had entered a state of alert across the country and had raised $ 4 million in emergency plans to monitor the border with nigeria .
the newly established national emergency committee said that they received a notice that under the warning of the two countries , the panja , the border of the sand loose , had nearly 400 birds killed .
the china electronic bank 's new regulation on business management will be implemented on 1 march .
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will continue to implement the measures of the banking regulatory commission ( cbrc ) in the electronic banking sector , according to the measures recently issued by the cbrc , which will be effective on march 1 , 2006 .
the bank 's spokesman said that according to the regulations of the management measures , the relevant examination and approval methods of foreign financial institutions have basically remained unchanged , that is , after foreign branches are allowed to operate internet banking business , if new internet banking business is needed , the main report of the bank should be reported for examination and approval by the main report bank in china .
to standardize the management of commercial banks using the internet to carry out banking business , the people 's bank of china issued in june 2001 a " interim procedures on management of internet banking business . "
the bank 's spokesman said that with the development of the electronic banking business of commercial banks , the interim procedures can no longer meet the requirements of risk supervision and control of electronic banks . the cbrc has formulated two new regulations for this purpose .
according to a spokesperson for the china banking regulatory commission , the china banking regulatory commission has made a decision on the quality of the credentials of the security assessment institution , which is different from the nature of the administrative license of the industry or enterprises that are qualified to enter the enterprise , and is not the necessary condition for the evaluation institution to conduct the electronic banking security assessment business . it is only a reference for the financial institution to select the evaluation institution .
so long as the safety assessment institution meets the relevant requirements and requirements , even if it fails to have the approval of the cbrc , the financial institution may also employ them to carry out the electronic banking safety assessment , but it should be managed according to relevant regulations .
the " regulations on the management of electronic banking business , " which contains nine chapters and 99 , are divided into two parts , namely , application for change of risk management , exchange of data , and transfer management of outside contracting business management , management of cross - border business activities , management of legal responsibilities , and supplementary provisions .
the " electronic bank safety assessment guidelines " contains five chapters and 57 articles , which are divided into seven chapters on safety assessment for organs of assessment for safety assessment and management of the implementation of the safety assessment activities .
the book " selected works of mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , deng xiaoping , and chen yun " published
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the central party literature research center , compiled by the central party literature research center , " mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , deng xiaoping , and chen yun on investigation and study , " has recently been published and distributed by the central literature publishing house .
we should go deep into reality to conduct investigation and study , persist in integrating theory with practice , and draw up and implement correct lines , principles , and policies . this is the basic experience and basic work method of the cpc in leading revolution and construction .
mao zedong 's sister zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , and other revolutionaries of the older generation who made many important and accurate expositions on the issue of investigation and study . they also often went deep into the grassroots to conduct social investigation and wrote many investigation reports .
they have made a lot of contributions to guiding the party and the people 's cause in advancing along the correct road in their investigation and study .
the book " selected works of mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , deng xiaoping , and chen yun on investigation and study " is divided into three parts : the first part is the collection of mao zedong and other old - generation revolutionary scholars ' remarks on investigation and study , the second part is the collection of mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation on investigation and study , the third part was the three investigation investigation investigation investigation groups and investigation group directed by mao zedong in the
the survey reports are mostly the first public publication .
in addition , two articles on the economic situation in the 1950 s and 1960 s were also included .
russia reiterates adherence to one china policy
moscow , february 6 ( xinhua ) russian deputy foreign minister alekseyev said here today that russia is willing to further develop its relations with china .
alexander alekseyev said : russia has noticed chen shui - bian 's recent remarks about taiwan independence .
the russian government has consistently adhered to the one - china principle and firmly supported china 's efforts to realize the great cause of national reunification .
last year , china 's npc adopted the anti - secession law . russia took the lead in openly expressing its support .
alexander alekseyev said that the russian foreign ministry will issue a statement as soon as possible , which opposes taiwan independence .
china 's top legislator to visit japan in two days : official beijing , june 5
xinhua news agency , johannesburg , february 6 ( reporter chen ming ) - lin yixing , a native of fuqing , fujian province , was arrested in his bars on the morning of the 5th local time in south africa after he was robbed by local armed elements . on the morning of the 6th , he died in the bar of the south african judicial capital of buruntan hospital , nadan .
according to the statistics of feng yang , president of the provincial chinese federation of liberty , the incident occurred at the verkemi city , 130 kilometers northwest of burundi .
at that time , the owner of the shop , lin yixing , picked up articles inside the bar and prepared to end the day 's business .
at this time , there were three customers , one of them picked up a pistol and rushed into the bar to commit robbery .
the 40 - year - old lin yixing was fighting a scoundrel with the ruffians , and the robbers fired a shot at lin yixing , but fled .
upon hearing the news , local people who arrived at the scene sent lin yixing to the hospital for treatment . because lin yixing was full of fangioigal blood tumors caused by the whole body of lin yixing , there was no stop of blood , and at around 3:30 on the morning of 6 february .
on 6 february , the chinese consulate general in jordan xu simifogu , wu xiaogang , and vice president of the association of fujian of china 's south africa , lin changming , and others drove to burunfangdan to help the family members of the deceased handle the aftermath .
mr lam yixing became the chief culprit who was killed by the robbers within 36 hours , and was also the first chinese leader to be killed in south africa since the beginning of this year .
( newspaper clippings ) shanghai : part - time and college graduates become the main hourly labor force
beijing , february 7 ( xinhua ) the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau issued a report on the 6th in 2006 on the latest hourly wage for the work of the year , which reached 120 , 11 more than the previous one , with the former job riding in the domain of salary , the original title of the salary of the former post having changed .
according to statistics from shanghai labor and social security bureau , at present , shanghai 's average hours employees have exceeded 1 million .
according to a report in china youth daily , college graduates and part - time workers are the main component of the hourly workforce .
through the study of nearly 8,000 hours of work , over half of the personnel were part - time personnel , and the proportion was 51.1 percent .
part - time workers generally have a relatively high level of education , and they mainly engage in technical work , such as translation and job - related jobs , which are as high as 81.7 percent and fitness as 61.6 percent .
high income is the result of the work of many people who work for hours and part - time jobs .
it is understood that the monthly income of individual jobs can reach tens of thousands of yuan , and it is even difficult to ask for , as if it is transmitted by sound , and the monthly income of an hour of work can be as high as over 2,000 yuan , such as the lyrics of honor for financial affairs .
to satisfy the personal interest of enlarge their own knowledge , it is also a good thing for the part - time workers to be in favor of .
for example , when a certain enterprise is the manager of the human resources department , he will take out several hours per week to handle the financial accounts of a foreign trade representative office .
mr. gu believes that the maximum benefits of part - time duties are to keep their knowledge up and to have the opportunity to involve in another field , of course , the income of 2,000 yuan per month also has a certain amount of enticement .
as some hours of work jobs are low , the form of work is flexible and free , and many graduates are gradually favored by job seekers , 14percent of the hourly jobs are graduates of tertiary and secondary schools who have been working for nearly three years .
hello , i did n't want to do an hour job at the beginning , but after i had done it for several months , i felt it was better than the 9 th and 5 th birthdays of the dprk .
the university student , xiao huang , was a little better job after graduation , and finally he was wearing a name in a hotel . he played music with a piano background .
shao shi , i am quite satisfied with the current work , 100 yuan per hour , and the environment is good . what i want to do now is to find several hours of work , and there is still a lack of knowledge .
it is understood that an hour work has become a number of graduates who are seeking jobs to accumulate experience in work , skills for tempering work , experience for improving communication skills , knowledge for growth in society .
the graduates work hours , mainly in knowledge and skills . they are not very skilled . for example , they are more specialized translation posts , time - oriented , and proficient performing arts posts , with a ratio of 22.1 percent and 26.8 percent respectively .
the hourly job skills required for some of the positions , such as food promotion promotion worker bincun , and the unemployed can be replaced by simple training .
the data showed that the average wage of an hour workers was only 3.93 percent of the unemployed , of which the proportion of the unemployed in the retail sector was as high as 68.4 percent , and the proportion of the food and beverage was 58.7 percent . the hours of work became an important channel for the unemployed to find jobs .
in the process of inspecting work in anhui ,
beijing , february 8 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to implement the strategy of promoting the development of the western region in the new century , said wu bangguo , member of the standing committee of the political bureau of the cpc central committee , during a recent inspection in anhui province . he stressed the need to take the scientific development concept as guidance , persist in commanding the overall economic and social development in the overall situation , and , in conjunction with local realities , conscientiously carry out the central principles and policies
from 6 to 8 february , wu bangguo went to bindian village , wuxi , wuxi , etc. , to wuwei , and other places , to inspect enterprises ' scientific research institutions and institutions of higher learning in rural areas .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui has the advantage of having link up southern from eastern qizhen to southern qizhi , and is an important agricultural region in china . its natural resources are abundant , its industrial foundation is relatively good , its scientific and technological strength is relatively strong , its cultural and tourist resources are exceptional , and its development potential is tremendous .
anhui should firmly seize the opportunity of promoting the rise of the central region , always adhere to the central task of economic construction , and conscientiously implement the central principles and policies in close connection with the actual conditions in anhui , and creatively carry out work to implement the scientific development concept in concrete measures and in actual work .
we should sum up our practical experience in a timely manner , fully rely on the masses of people , vigorously support reform and innovation , and constantly create a new situation in anhui 's work .
we should actively promote the building of a harmonious society , persist in preserving good results in preserving and developing the fundamental interests of the overwhelming majority of the people as the starting point and the end - result of all our work , actively create conditions , gradually resolve the practical problems of the masses , gradually adjust the distribution relationship between urban and rural areas , gradually narrow the regional gap , safeguard social justice , and achieve social justice , so that all people can share the fruits of reform and development .
wu bangguo stressed : china has reached the stage where we must rely more on strengthening our ability of independent innovation and improving the quality of laborers to promote economic and social development . only by vigorously promoting scientific and technological progress and innovation can we achieve a qualitative leap in productive forces and push forward economic and social development onto the track of scientific development .
we should establish and perfect as soon as possible systems and mechanisms conducive to innovation , increase scientific and technological input , encourage patents to invent and develop famous brands , speed up the transformation of scientific and technological achievements into real productive forces , strengthen the status of enterprises as the main body in independent innovation , and constantly raise the contribution rate of scientific and technological progress to economic growth .
we should support and encourage the participation of key technological elements in distribution , establish and perfect a statistical index system that embodies our own innovative ability , study and formulate financial taxation systems that support independent innovation in financial affairs and government procurement , and form a policy system that encourages independent innovation .
we should cultivate innovation awareness throughout society , vigorously advocate the spirit of bravery in innovation and bravely blaze new trails , and strive to create a good atmosphere in which people of talent are coming forth in large numbers .
wu bangguo pointed out : in administering the country according to law and building a socialist country ruled by law , the people 's congress has played an increasingly important role .
to do a good job in the work of the people 's congress under the new situation , we must , first , adhere to the correct political orientation , unswervingly take the road of socialist political development with chinese characteristics , organically unify the adherence to the party 's leadership as the masters of the country and the rule of law .
second , we should closely center our work around the overall situation of the party and the state , closely center on major issues in reform , development , and stability , and carry out work closely around hot and difficult issues of common concern to the masses of people , so as to constantly enhance the practical results of the people 's congress work .
third , it is necessary to give play to the characteristics and advantages of the people 's congress work , persist in democratic centralism , act in strict accordance with the procedures , and make collective decisions on issues .
we should persistently follow the mass line , take people as the foundation , exercise power for the people , have feelings for the people , and seek benefits for the people .
china proposes to build large - scale research projects in science in the next 15 years
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to raise its international competitiveness by a large margin to promote sustainable development and achieve key leaps , according to the state council 's " outline for medium and long - term scientific and technological development ( 2006 - 2020 ) " published on the 9th .
the four major scientific plans are the core of the protein research for the control of binzi research and development of agricultural research and development .
the outline points out that protein science is the most important cause of the current intense contention among developed countries for the high ground of life science .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on studying the transformation of important biological systems , such as the modern agricultural science of the group of protestants , the metabolism of protein biomedicine , and the role of the differentiation system in biomedical calculation of biomedical and system biomedicine , the method of protein research , and the related application basic research .
the outline also holds that the research on quantum regulation and control is obvious in the perspective of the future , and it is possible to produce an immeasurable impact on the social and economic development of mankind after 2030 .
china will focus on the research of the carrier and the principles and methods of regulation and control of quantum communications , the new quantitative effect of the limited - size - capacity system , the new principles and new technological foundation of the measuring system for quantitative regulation and control , and the new technological foundation for measurement .
in addition , the outline points out that nanotechnology has become the strategic choice of many countries to enhance their core competitiveness , and is also one of the areas that china can expect to achieve development by leaps and bounds .
in the next 15 years , china will lay stress on the development of nanotechnology , including the ability to control the nanotechnology materials from assembly and function , the knowledge of nanometer biology and nanometer medicine , and the scientific application of nanometer , as well as nanotechnology in energy resources , material , and nanometer technology , and the application of nanometer medicine in the field of energy resources , environment , information technology , and other applications .
china 's population growth is large , and there are many defects in birth , there is a serious shortage of transplant organs , and the aging of the population is about to come . therefore , it is urgent to make breakthroughs in and innovate in the theory of reproductive science and technology .
according to the outline , the total amount of funds china will focus on research in key cells , such as dividing and regulating , maturing and being mature in the cells , and degradation of the human reproductive function , the mechanism of supporting reproductive and stem cells technology , etc.
shanghai 's real estate prices up nearly 7 percentage points last year
shanghai , february 9 ( xinhua ) the shanghai municipal people 's congress ( npc ) approved the 2005 state macro - control policy on the real estate industry , which has produced remarkable results in shanghai , according to a report released by the state council today .
according to the latest data , shanghai 's real estate industry index last year all showed a fairly noticeable decline or a slowdown in growth rate .
of the total , the prices of residential housing dropped 6.6 percent from the previous year , while the added value of the real estate industry dropped 4.1 percent from the previous year .
shanghai municipal bureau of statistics director pan jianxin said at a news conference a few days ago that in 2005 , the average sales price of shanghai 's commodity housing was 6698 yuan / square meter , an increase of 313 yuan over 2004 .
the annual sales price of residential housing rose 9.2 percent over the previous year , a 6.6 percentage points increase over the same period last year .
the real estate industry added value for the year was 670.23 billion yuan , a 4.1 percent decrease from the previous year .
in terms of the balance of loans from financial institutions , the outstanding amount of loans for personal housing was 264.494 billion yuan , which was only increased by 190.4 billion yuan in the same year , but the increase in the loan amount in 2004 reached 72.09 billion yuan .
pan jianxin said : from the year - long sales price of shanghai 's real estate , the sales price of commercial housing has been steadily falling .
the statistics also show that according to the latest data , in 2005 , the real estate price increase in shanghai dropped somewhat , the average sales price of residential housing was 6698 yuan / square meter , 313 yuan higher than the 2004 per square meter .
the total number of housing sales prices for the whole year of 2005 rose 9.77 percent from the previous year , a 6.2 percentage points lower than the previous year .
according to him , last year the whole city of shanghai completed a total investment of 124.686 billion yuan in real estate development , up 6.1 percent from the previous year .
the sales area was 315.887 million square meters , down 9.55 percent .
the total sales volume of commodity housing was 216.13 billion yuan , 4.55 percent lower than the previous year .
two light planes collided with each other in new zealand
xinhua news agency , wellington , february 9 - two new zealand light aircraft were flying toward the sea off the coast of heung nung , about 100 kilometers north of wellington , the capital , on the 9th , killing two pilots of the flight academy .
according to the relevant responsible person of the local civil aviation department , the drivers of the two planes are all cadres of the flight academy of marshalls university . they are still undergoing training and have not obtained their flight licenses .
when the incident occurred , the two planes were in a non - air control zone . according to regulations , when the pilots were flying in such a zone , they were responsible for the navigation and safety of the aircraft .
a man was injured at the scene and he was told by the new zealand media that he heard a huge explosion when the plane collided and saw the aircraft crashed into the ground .
another eyewitness also confirmed that the us plane had heard of a huge explosion before the plane crashed and saw the crashed of the plane .
at present , the cause of the collision is not clear , and local civil aviation authorities will conduct an investigation into the incident .
china 's top legislator meets with argentine president beijing , march 16 ( afp )
xinhua news agency , buenos aires , february 8 ( reporter cao yu ) the delegation of overseas chinese and chinese nationals residing in argentina issued a solemn statement on the 8th , strongly condemning chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on 8 february in distress on taiwan independence , and opposing any attempt to separate taiwan from china .
the statement said : chen shui - bian issued a statement on 29 january , declaring that he would abolish the national unification guidelines of san francisco and the national unification program , which has taken another step forward toward taiwan independence .
compatriots on both sides of the strait have high expectations for peace and long for peace and stability among taiwan compatriots . they hope for development .
the statement pointed out : opposing and containing taiwan independence elements ' separatist activities and safeguarding peace and stability in the taiwan strait is still the common aspiration of compatriots on both sides of the strait and the chinese society around the world at present .
the statement stressed that the association of china for promoting peaceful reunification of argentina is willing to hold dialogue with all overseas chinese and chinese nationals residing in argentina who uphold the one - china principle , resolutely oppose any form of taiwan independence , and actively promote china 's peaceful reunification .
chinese expert : us pray for military threat from china , says nothing
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to implement the " kyoto protocol " in the united states , which was formally submitted to congress a few days ago , saying for the first time that china has for the first time the potential of china being a newly emerging power that may challenge the united states in military affairs .
experts believe that this is a major development of china 's normal national defense construction , exaggerating china 's military threat , and interfering in china 's internal affairs .
the " four - year defense review report " is a new national defense guide document of the pentagon .
the long - term 92 - page report used three expositions on the issue of china 's military strength and the countermeasures that the united states should adopt , and the report directly mentioned 15 times china 's encirclement or the phrase of china , saying that ci si is a major and newly emerging power , china has the potential of conducting military competition with the united states , and china will very likely develop if the united states does not have any countermeasure . this will break the traditional us military superiority and
the world military academy of military sciences research fellow yao yunzhu said that although senior us officials have repeatedly expressed similar viewpoints , this is the first time the united states has talked about the issue of china 's accession to the united states in the defense strategy report , which is most likely to pose military challenges to the united states .
the report shook off for the first time the strong competitor from russia , india , and china , especially the so - called china military threat , gave even greater attention to the so - called china military threat .
the chinese academy of military sciences research fellow major general peng guangqian said :
what merits attention is that in the " four - year defense review report , " the same day that us president bush formally submitted to congress the 2007 financial year government budget , including the defense budget of 439.3 - billion us dollars .
if you add to the fact that the war of resistance against iraq and afghanistan is added , the us budget for fiscal 2007 will exceed us $ 500 - billion . it will set a new historical record , binyin said , because this is almost the same as that of all other countries in the world , and meng ju , a former minister of defense , said .
peng guangqian said : the united states ' fabrication of the fallacies of other countries reflects the consistent style of the pentagon 's fabrication of enemies , and its real purpose is to strive for more defense funds to gain more benefits for the us large arms industry group .
experts say that compared with the huge military spending of the united states , china 's national defense spending is quite limited .
he has been involved in the military experts ' research on china 's national defense white paper on many occasions , saying that since the 1990 's , with economic development , china 's national defense spending has increased somewhat , but the proportion of the state 's fiscal expenditure in the same period has shown a decline .
official data show that in 2004 , the volume of china 's defense spending accounted for over 20 percent of the national financial expenditure for the same period .
china 's national defense budget for 2005 was 24.656 billion yuan , which is only about one - tenth of the us national defense budget , and the per capita military spending of the people is only about one - sixtieth of the us military , and the per capita military spending of the military is about one - thirds of the us military .
the united states ' territorial area and china 's territory are roughly the same , but its military spending is so huge , who in the end who has gone beyond the legitimate defense needs . this is self - evident proof [ name as transliterated ] .
peng guangqian said :
china 's arms control and disarmament association director teng jianqun said that the united states should objectively assess china 's military construction , and china 's peaceful development does not mean that china and the united states will become rivals militarily .
the " 2004 china 's national defense " white paper says that china firmly takes the road of peaceful development and implements a defensive national defense policy .
china used to do not have any good fortune in the future , nor does it threaten any country .
so far , china has not established diplomatic relations with any other country , nor has it sent military bases to other countries ; and the united states has military bases overseas , and the number of military bases in asia alone has exceeded 100,000 . the united states has already deployed more than 100,000 troops .
professor zhang siyuan , professor of the international relations college of beijing university , said : china and the united states should increase communication and exchanges through the established channels , enhance mutual understanding and trust , comprehensively promote the constructive and cooperative relations between china and the united states in the new century , and jointly promote the maintenance of world peace and development .
( winter olympics ) turin winter olympics opening ceremony will be a fervor
xinhua news agency , duling , february 9 ( reporter ding ying and yan tao ) the opening ceremony of the 20th winter olympics will be held at the turin olympic stadium at 8 : 00 p.m . on the 10th local time .
on 9 june , the winter olympic organizing committee of turin disclosed to reporters ahead of schedule the brilliant arrangements for the opening ceremony .
as for the opening ceremony , chairman of the organizing committee carlos tiraini was full of confidence . at the press conference , he said that the opening ceremony was coincided with a total cost of 10 million euros and attracted top italian talents in all fields .
he said : the night of 10 april will be unforgettable . at that time , 35,000 viewers in the meeting hall and some 2 - billion television viewers around the world will see the opening ceremony of the opening ceremony full of fierce emotion and success of ceremonies .
the fierce flames of heroism , the inspiring red heart of the red , shine the everlasting peace of baihuan and the white snow and milk cows of the alps will appear at the opening ceremony . the director gave an introduction to say that the legend and the italian talent hua will become the main theme of the opening ceremony , and as the winter olympics , which is the largest in history , he will show to people the long - standing cultural vitality of italy and
the famous italian designer amini specially designed the garments for the opening ceremony . the famous italian fashion brand , mostino , will offer courtesy to the athletes ' leaders at the ceremony .
however , the famous italian male voice pavarotti will give a song at the opening ceremony , and the organizing committee will keep this suspense in the end .
eight people who can flame around the globe , the elite athletes will spend three meters long of flame to show the enthusiasm of the fire . they will fly at the site at a time of 70 kilometers .
officials of the organizing committee said that this was the most satisfactory performance of the exhibition .
on the question of how to ignite the main torch , the organizing committee did not reveal in advance , but the main torch station , which is as high as 57 meters , will be illuminated by the turin and residents in the nearby alps .
( international ) white house announces bush 's planned visit to pakistan and india in march
washington , february 9 ( xinhua ) the united states and china have agreed to hold talks on the issue of the " human rights report " in the united states , white house spokesman mcclellan said here today . the united states has been taking measures to deal with the " human rights issue " in the united states , although the cartoonist mohammed mohammed 's cartoonist cartoonist cartoon incident has triggered a strong protest in the islamic world .
mcclellan said that bush is looking forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he also said that he is making preparations for this visit .
mcclellan made the above remarks at a demonstration in some areas of pakistan to protest against the desecration of mohammed , a former islamic prophet .
in january this year , bush met with pakistani prime minister aziz at the white house , and both sides expressed the wish to strengthen friendly cooperation to jointly crack down on terrorism that jeopardizes the security of the two countries .
bush also said that at the invitation of the pakistani and indian governments , he will pay a state visit to pakistan and india in march .
china 's hamas group to seek breakthrough in cabinet
xinhua news agency , ramallah , february 9 ( international observation ) hamas formed a cabinet to seek a breakthrough
xinhua news agency , beijing , june 25 ,
the palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) obtained the victory of the legislative council election , how to draw up the new government blueprint has become the focus of international attention at present .
hamas will pursue what kind of new policy that directly affects the next step of the relevant parties in the peace process .
at the same time , the boycott attitude of the united states and israel has added more variables to the prospects of the hamas government .
at present , all parties in palestine are stepping up consultations to reach a consensus on the difficult and sensitive points of forming a cabinet that involve future developments .
the chinese premier post has flowed down and which family has not yet taken up the post
hamas won the ruling of forming a cabinet , some people in the outside world worried that prime minister hamas might have differences with current supreme leader abbas .
moreover , the egyptian president of hamas , who is currently visiting egypt , stressed that the new palestinian government , which is organized by hamas , will not recognize israel , and this strong signal has also intensified international worries .
the united states and israel have clearly indicated that they will not accept a hamas government that is in power with real power , and threatened to suspend economic aid to palestine and handed over tax to palestine .
however , this does not obstruct hamas from making flexible strategic adjustments , electing an independent person is a policy .
it is reported that in order to obtain international recognition to the maximum , the hamas foreign and domestic leaders who gathered in egypt recently decided to elect independent persons from sharm el - sheikh , chairman of the board of directors of the islamic university of palestine , to become the new prime minister .
this move has not received the response from the relevant parties .
palestinian analysts hossein said that no matter how the prime minister 's post has come to which home , the most important thing is that the prime minister should do as much as possible to dilute the hard - line of hamas , and only by so doing can he ensure the success of the cabinet .
the chinese government has always attached great importance to the issue of the " three represents " and has made great efforts to promote the healthy development of the cause of socialism with chinese characteristics .
in terms of internal affairs , the biggest challenge facing hamas in forming a cabinet is the lack of sufficient experience in governing .
the palestinian daily carried an article analyzing that hamas 's use of social welfare projects has caught people 's attention , but in the aspect of governing , it lacks experience and is closely related to the palestinian national liberation movement ( fatah ) , which has its governing experience .
in the wake of the election , hamas proposed to establish political relations with fatah political partner , and jointly establish a national coalition government . however , fatah has not given a positive response to this .
the fatah internal affair is now having no opinion on whether to join the cabinet . the one faction advocates participating in the new government , thus getting something done and the other is rejecting the invitation of the legislature , and is willing to make a positive opposition to the hamas .
the informed source pointed out that under abbas 's advice , fatah gradually leans toward joining the new government .
even so , the conflict between hamas and fatah will also be over the distribution of cabinet posts .
in addition , another way is to set up a framework of the legislative committee , which is divorced from the cabinet of the party .
it is reported that hamas has also designed a clear - cut expert - type government , but it is not known what the specific name list is .
in view of the attitude of the united states and israel , the technology expert - type government is also not to be formed into a cabinet to reduce external pressure .
according to the provisions of the palestinian " basic law , " the new term of the legislative council on 16 june will be held in three weeks and five weeks after the new term of the legislative council is inaugurated .
the chinese armed forces are faced with the question of what course to follow in their arms development
the weapons in hamas are to form a new government , which is facing another thorny problem .
the united states and israel have adopted a very tough attitude and resolutely demanded that hamas give up violence and reject its armed participation in politics .
hamas leader mashel stressed on 9 june that armed resistance is a major strategic choice of the organization .
armed issues actually include legality of weapons and the management of armed forces . " "
hamas has been trying to win the election of the first major party in the legislative council through a democratic and free way , so that qassam brigade , which is subordinate , is similarly legalized , is to bring it into the government 's security organs .
hamas has proposed to send armed forces to the palestinian national authority , the people , but it has not won a wide response , and it has also been strongly condemned by the islamic jihad ( jihad ) organization .
at present , palestine has over 60,000 security personnel , and the majority of them come from the fatah camp .
moreover , fatah also has some other organizations that have a slack relationship , such as xianju 's martyrs brigades from martyrs shao , etc. , for example , from the agao martyrs brigade , etc.
the cabinet of ministers in charge of forming the cabinet must hold talks with abbas on how to manage the armed forces that each has its own way and rationally distribute the right to manage security .
according to local media reports , abbas intends to be in charge of security and intelligence troops , police , civil defense , and other organizations , and the new government 's interior ministry will be in charge of them .
however , the parties are still discussing this sensitive issue , and so far no further has been discussed .
china issues first polar test report
beijing , february 10 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will continue to implement the " 2005 annual report on the polar research in china " issued by the state oceanic administration ( soa ) in the past 20 years , and will issue the report for the first time in the past 20 years .
the " report " comprehensively reflects the 2005 china polar scientific expedition activity , the sharp observation of logistical support , the extreme scientific research results , and other situations .
according to the " report , " on 9 january 2005 , at 2:15 ( beijing time ) , the chinese antarctic expedition team successfully landed at the antarctic inland icecap 's highest ice - kiloguo region , the inland pole , at 22:15 on 18 january ( beijing time ) , and decided on the elevation height of ice and blue sky , which is the highest in the highest altitude of the highest , in beijing .
shock competition is getting increasingly fierce international polar observation stage , chinese heroes shen binding 's strong will and dauntless spirit , bravely blaze new trails , first launched the investigation of the southern icelandic height and achieved success in one single move , thus achieving the goal of mankind in the antarctic ocean .
the director of the state oceanic administration , sun zhihui , said :
the " report " shows that on 24 march 2005 , the 21st antarctic expedition team of china successfully completed its mission and returned to shanghai . the current inspection tour lasted 151 days and 26,500 nautical miles .
in the same year , on 18 november of the same year , the 22 nd antarctic expedition team left shanghai for the antarctic zhongshan station to carry out the scientific expedition and will leave the zhongshan station by the end of february 2006 and return to shanghai via australia .
since it was the first extreme clash of investigation reports issued by china , the " 2005 china polar investigation report " also made a major breakthrough in the development of china 's polar research undertaking which started in the early 1980 's .
according to the " report , " in 1983 , china formally joined the " antarctic treaty " and became a member state of the organization of the antarctic treaty . after the treaty was signed , the council of directors of the antarctic affairs , including the council of the director of the southern pole , among the countries with the greatest influence in the antarctic treaty consultation .
in 1997 , china became a member of the arctic science committee , and won the right to speak and make policy decisions in international polar affairs .
the " report " points out that over the past 20 - odd years , china 's polar investigation has never reached its stage , continually developed , and initially built up modern treaties such as the ancient meiji science research system , namely , the 1985 - based antarctic long town station , which was established in february 1985 , the southern pole middle mountain station established in 1989 , the beipolar station established in july 2004 , and the beiji station that started to perform the task of inspecting
the " report " statistics show that by the end of 2005 , china had already organized 22 antarctic scientific expeditions , twice conducted inspections of the university of science , using the yizlan vessel as a pagoda foundation for pacheliora scientific research in bipolar , and more than 3,000 examiners nationwide have personally inspected nanqi in person for on - site inspections .
shao , we are now making efforts to build the third antarctic expedition station , and is also china 's first inland antarctic inland observation station .
sun zhihui said :
after more than 20 years of efforts , china 's polar research cause has become a major international investigation center in the world . however , compared with other major polar countries , china still has a relatively large gap . we must keep up with our wool and catch up with our rival .
he said .
sun zhihui disclosed that china will publish a yearly polar investigation report .
china 's top legislator meets with president of cuban council for science , education
xinhua news agency , havana , february 10 ( reporter zhou zhou ) - cuban state council chairman fidel castro met with chinese state councilor chen zhili , who is on a visit to cuba , on the 10th . both sides expressed the wish to constantly strengthen mutually beneficial cooperation in education , science and technology , and other fields .
president fidel castro warmly welcomed state councilor chen zhili on his visit to cuba .
he said : cuban - chinese relations are very friendly , high - level visits have been frequent , and this has effectively promoted and strengthened friendship and mutual understanding between the two sides . he hoped that the two countries will continually deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in all fields , including education and science and technology .
chen zhili said : cuba is a major country in latin america and the caribbean region .
china and cuba have maintained friendly exchanges .
cuba is the first country to establish diplomatic relations with new china .
in the new century , with the concern and promotion of the leaders of the two countries , political mutual trust between the two countries has been deepened , the scope of cooperation has been expanded constantly , mutual support and cooperation in international affairs have been mutually supported and coordinated , and sino - cuban friendly relations have entered a new period of all - round development .
she believed that with the joint efforts of both sides , sino - cuban friendly cooperation will certainly yield even more fruitful results .
chen zhili also pointed out : the chinese government has always attached importance to exchanges and cooperation with cuba in the field of education .
in recent years , educational exchanges between the two countries have become increasingly closer and the two sides have maintained frequent personnel contacts .
china actively supports cuba 's international conference , and has sent a delegation to attend the world higher education conference and the 2005 anti - illiteracy conference .
cuba 's basic education level is very high , and we hope to further strengthen relevant experience exchanges in the future .
chen zhili said : china and cuba have made tremendous progress in scientific and technological research and development , and can cooperate in many fields to achieve a win - win situation .
the chinese side has helped cuba in some scientific research equipment this time and hopes to play a positive role in cuba 's scientific research and production .
she also briefed castro on china 's strategy of rejuvenating the country through science and education and the national conference on science and technology .
chen zhili arrived in cuba on the afternoon of 9 february local time for a visit to cuba at the invitation of the cuban government .
during this period , chen zhili met with the cuban minister of higher education , vincent siono , and the college of information technology of havana university , quest of information science , and st marti primary school .
the beijing - kazakhstan highway accident and gas leak is closed to some sections
harbin , february 11 ( xinhua ) the chinese government and people will continue to maintain vigilance over the road accident in the area of 58 kilometers of the beijing - kazakhstan highway at about 1200 hours on february 10 , causing some sections of roads to be closed .
according to the traffic police group of the shuangcheng city public security bureau , at around 2200 hours on 10 april , three trucks collided with each other , and one car , a car , a truck , and a fuel tank , bumped together . the cracks of the tanker were leaking , and the wasted oil in the vehicle ran on the road .
it is understood that the tanker is loaded with a large amount of waste oil that produces coke .
the cause of death of a plastic waste is very thick , and at the same time it is afraid that the vehicles will be in danger of flames from vehicles passing through the vehicle , and the departments concerned have closed the road to the accident site .
harbin 's double city section was closed to some sections of roads , and many vehicles bypassed .
at present , relevant departments are screening the scene , and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
hk 's trade deficit up to 76.4 billion yuan ( 36.5 billion us dollars )
hong kong , february 11 ( xinhua ) the hutchison whampoa company limited announced on the 11th that its third largest company in italy , ltd , was postponed to implement its 3 rd subsidiary company plan for listing in china .
and huang ju - ning , general manager of the group , said that although binju 3 has received the approval of listing in all relevant regulatory bodies , it is necessary to complete the registration procedures within the next few weeks because the listing procedures must be completed .
at the same time , the current downturn in the telecommunications market in europe is not necessarily something that can be extended to italy at this moment for judgment 3 times .
in view of the fact that the shareholders have the greatest interest to consider the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the shareholders ' interest , the decision was made to postpone the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue .
as for when to issue shares to be listed , mr fok said that the issue would depend on the future development of the european telecommunications market .
he said : from now to the end of the recruitment period , binyi 3 needs to develop extensive investor education activities to enable the global telecommunications investment market to understand more clearly the current strong performance of italy 's current performance and favorable prospects .
according to another report by the media , binyi , one of the world 's investors bank goldman sachs , agreed to sell 420 million euros to buy 10-3 percent of italian stock rights through private sales , and the deal is expected to be completed by the end of march this year .
china 's top legislator meets myanmar guests beijing , june 20
xinhua news agency , yangon , february 12 ( reporter zhang yunfei ) - china 's ambassador to myanmar , mr kak , and economic and business counselor tang hai , were interviewed by xinhua reporters on the eve of myanmar prime minister 's visit to china . currently , china and burma have rich contents of the form of economic and trade relations , which has been rich in the form of diversification of the content of mutually beneficial cooperation between china and burma on 14 february .
the director said that in recent years , the friendly relations of cooperation established on the basis of the five principles of peaceful coexistence have been consolidated and developed , and exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been expanded and deepened with each passing day , and economic and trade relations between the two countries have been constantly expanded and strengthened .
tang haohsuan said : the high - level visits between the two countries have been maintained , which has effectively promoted the development of the economic and trade cooperation between the two countries .
the two countries have also conducted high - level visits in 2004 , during which the two sides signed 33 agreements on economic and trade cooperation , most of which are being implemented and implemented .
he said : the year 2004 is $ 1.14 - billion , and the year 2005 will reach $ 1.299 - billion , of which china 's exports will be $ 935 - billion , and imports will be $ 274 - billion .
last year , in bilateral trade , china 's trade with myanmar ( including border trade ) amounted to 630 - million us dollars , up 14.6 percent from the previous year .
tang said that myanmar has become a good partner of chinese enterprises in carrying out contractual engineering projects , and china 's major projects in myanmar include the construction of the meiji port and the factory ( such as the yoglu plant in the mill , mike mai mai mai mai mai mai mai mai mai mai mai mai mai ) .
chinese enterprises have made great progress in the construction of the country 's various sets of mechanical and electrical products , and myanmar has become china 's largest export market for complete sets of equipment and mechanical and electrical products .
according to statistics from the chinese customs , in the past five or six years , the export volume of mechanical and electrical products has accounted for about 450 percent of china 's total export volume to myanmar .
tang jiaxuan also said : burma is rich in resources , and chinese companies have started investing in burma 's petroleum , the copper mine , and other natural resources development projects . the development of sino - burmese economic and trade cooperation has great potential .
he expressed the hope that chinese enterprises will have a long - term view , learn to avoid risks and make careful policy decisions , establish a good image of enterprises , and ensure that the projects are completed on time and in good quality so as to win glory for the country .
the chief executive and the chief executive of the state council have all held that prime minister soe win 's forthcoming official visit to china is a major event in bilateral relations this year , which will have a positive impact on enhancing political mutual trust , promoting bilateral cooperation , and further promoting the development of sino - burmese good - neighborly and friendly relations .
it is expected that the two sides will sign several agreements on economic and trade cooperation during the visit .
world bank to reduce debt of poorest
moscow , february 11 ( xinhua ) world bank president wolfowitz said in moscow on the 11th that the world bank will completely eliminate the debts of the poorest countries by the middle of this year .
wolfowitz held talks with foreign ministers of the group of eight in moscow on the same day .
after the meeting , he said in a statement that the world bank will implement the debt relief program before 1 july this year , and that the world bank is now completing all technical work .
last year , the donor countries of the world bank completely exempted debts owed by 28 countries and pledged to provide financial assistance to the relevant trust fund .
the imf 's creditor 's rights are relatively small , and the imf has started to reduce or exempt debts by the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz 's decision to exempt russia from debt of 16 african countries .
the gaoqing digital tv has gradually become the mainstream in the united states .
new york , february 12 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to increase its population by 1 million korun ( hang si tuo ) and its market has continued to slide down with the high resolution digital camera ( circling ) and its selling price continued to expand .
the " new york fortune " of the united states , which just ended , has become a strong voice of the american broadcasting industry to welcome the television high - definition era .
according to a recent report by the financial times , the us congress recently passed a bill stipulating that us broadcasting industry must submit a comprehensive broadcast of the existing mock television signals on 17 february 2009 , and only the digital signals can be released .
this means that the us television station 's all - round digitization has already had a clear timetable .
high resolution ( dtt ) popularization of digital television depends on consumers buying television sets , while on the one hand it depends on the production agencies providing high - resolution digital programmes .
although digital television has been listed repeatedly in the past few years , it has never become a reality .
this question has taken a turn for the better this year .
according to the statistics of the american consumer electronics association , the number of digital television sets to be sold in the united states will exceed that of traditional tv sets for the first time , and 85.5 percent of the tvs are high - resolution products .
japanese researchers have developed new highly efficient human - to - human kidney
tokyo , february 13 ( xinhua ) the japanese east china sea university 's researchers developed a bio - man kidney , which not only has the same characteristics as human kidney 's diagnostic function , but also has the function of maintaining material components , and is also small in size and easy to transplant . with the study going , it is hopeful to bring good news to the kidney patient .
according to a report in the nikkei shimbun a few days ago , the newly developed biological man - made kidney is mainly composed of two parts , and some of the filtration procedures from the filtration of waste and water from the filter xie fei , some of the thiacic acid , and some other components of the former mizurine and amitic acid , which reproduced the diurine of the blood and the diagn
the master of medicine and therespeutic tubes of the ancient caves of the sky , the ancient silk line made by the people of the confucius company , the inner side of the mouthpiece of the diameter of xie waste .
this kind of skin cells can make several blood transfusion causes diseases , but it is a great success in making a comparison of the variable of powder in liquid powder into therapy acid and also returning to blood , and at the same time , it can also enable the wine of the wine and mineral substances that need to be physically to enter the blood .
the past artificial kidney was built by the vague and sterilisation of sterilisation waste , and it could not completely be removed , and it also did not have the ability to return the components of intoxic acid to the blood .
researchers use the sheep to conduct bio - man kidney transplant experiments , the middle - air silk walls of man - made kidneys used pig 's skin cells .
two weeks later , researchers confirmed that the kidney - making facility had been able to perform its functions .
they are currently developing and using the human kidney cell 's biological kidney and will be verified by the security of the human kidney .
china 's electric power safety is still facing severe challenges
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the state power supervision and management commission ( sic ) said on the 13th that although the power production safety situation in 2005 remains stable , power production safety is still facing severe challenges .
the state power regulatory commission vice chairman shi yubo said at the national teleconference on power safety ( enlargement ) held here that in 2005 , china 's power production safety overall was stable and the power industry completed its tasks of providing electricity to the peak of the summer , thus achieving the goal of ensuring safety of power supply , actively dealing with natural disasters , and ensuring the safe and stable operation of the power system .
however , he pointed out that with the changes in the situation of power supply and demand and the successive operation of a large number of new generating units , the production safety of electric power will face new challenges .
these challenges include : regional cooperation , regional conflicts , lack of electricity , and some regional power supply and demand . " the situation of power supply and demand in some regions remains tight , and because the good mechanism of electricity price has not yet taken shape , there are still a fairly large problem in power supply . at the same time , the problem of the drop in power quality has not been effectively controlled , and this will have a serious impact on the stable operation of power generating units . some of the weak
shi yubo said that with the reform of the power system deepening , many deep - seated contradictions will continually be exposed , how to maintain the stability of the employee contingent and ensure normal production order will become a new problem facing us .
in view of the fact that the power production safety work in 2006 is being carried out in a safe manner , shi yubo said : we should further consolidate the basic work of power production safety , speed up the establishment and improvement of the emergency management mechanism for electric power safety , enhance the ability to deal with emergencies , strengthen coordination and cooperation with power plants , jointly safeguard the safety of the power plant , continue to do a good job in supervising and managing the dam and building an information - based
it is reported that in light of the new situation in power safety management , the china electrical and mechanical supervision commission will inspect the " interim regulations on investigation of electric power production accidents " which have been promulgated this year . at the same time , relevant documents on the safety of the dam and the second system of power generation will be issued to the lower levels this year .
china 's total consumption of electricity in 2005 reached 2468.9 billion kwh , up 13.44 percent over the same period last year .
in the face of the situation of power supply and demand being still on the low side , the contradictions between coal , electricity , oil , and transportation are conspicuous , all power enterprises earnestly took effective measures to strengthen equipment management . last year , there was no major accident in power production throughout the country .
when the power grid accident occurred 74 times , it was 127 less than the previous year , and the equipment accident was 427 , decreasing 132 times from the same period last year .
south african envoy to china says south africa does not have any organization aimed at crimes committed by chinese citizens
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a special committee for the promotion of international cooperation in the field of human rights , said the official in charge of the south african embassy in china , in an exclusive interview with xinhua on the 13th .
he also said that the south african government will do its best to crack down on all forms of criminal activities .
mr shipman said the south african government hoped to reduce the rate of crime to zero and hoped that all south african comrades working in south africa would have better safety in their lives and property . "
since 2006 , the number of people in china has increased by over 40 percent , while the chinese world has expressed its extensive concern about this .
the chinese foreign ministry has made representations to south africa and reminded chinese citizens in south africa to further enhance their awareness of security and prevention , and the overseas chinese to strengthen unity , friendship , and cooperation with the police in jointly cracking down on criminal activities .
shao , we express our sincere condolences and sorrow to the family members of the victims .
mr shipman said , " we feel sorry for this and we also ask the chinese people to believe that the south african government is now seriously investigating every case involving china . "
according to the briefing given by the chinese embassy in south africa , the south african police have successfully cracked the case of chen jianqing , a chinese fujian woman , killed in south africa on 5 february . a suspect has been arrested .
police are now hunting another suspect for arrest .
according to the south african embassy in china , the two suspects suspected of shooting and killing hong kong businessmen were arrested by south african police in january this year , and the property of the victims has been recovered .
on the killing of chinese citizens , jiang said that the chinese government has always attached great importance to the incident , and will do nothing to help the trade between the two countries , including the tourism industry and other areas . however , from a long - term perspective , the impact should not be big brother than what do you have to do .
according to the statistics of the tourism commissioner of the south african embassy , the embassy only provided more than 2,000 chinese tourists with a total of 12,000 in the first 15 days of this year .
according to chinese official statistics , south africa 's investment in china will continue to grow in 2005 , the largest trade partner of africa .
the bilateral trade volume reached $ 7.27 billion , up 23.8 percent over the same period last year .
however , people in the tourism industry believe that the continuous chinese citizens ' murdering of chinese citizens in 2004 has noticeably affected the number of chinese tourists going to south africa .
according to statistics from the south african tourism bureau , the number of chinese tourists going to south africa in the first half of 2005 was 20331 , down 14.93 percent from the same period last year .
at present , the chinese living in south africa have about 200,000 people , and the towns and villages in south africa .
analysts here believe that the gap between the rich and the poor in south africa is wide , the unemployment rate is high , and the firearms are rampant , and there is no deterrent to death ; therefore , the crime rate remains high .
because many chinese do not understand english , they have cash to their bodies and their homes , and they are more easily targets of criminal elements ' financial attacks .
hk 's trade deficit up to hk 's record in english language study
hong kong , february 13 ( xinhua ) the hong kong workplace english campaign , launched by hong kong 's government , launched on the 13th , aims to raise the english standard of more employees .
this " master english " with good knowledge of english and thriving life as the theme , including through a series of publicity activities , promotion of learning and training in english in the workplace , and further enhancing employers ' awareness of how to help employees upgrade english .
so far , the scheme has provided nearly 25,000 people with english training courses , enabling them to have attained the relevant workplace english benchmarks in hong kong .
hong kong 's english campaign is one of the key projects launched by the sar government in 2000 .
the english campaign of the profession is one of the important projects in the funding scheme for english training .
the scheme aims to help employers in need of english language skills to help them to apply english in their workplace through training and taking specified international business english examinations . " " he said .
the number of people who are not satisfied with the quality of the country 's nuclear power industry is still high .
xinhua news agency , shijiazhuang , february 14 ( reporter dong zhiyong ) the hebei provincial health department recently formulated and issued " hebei province 's plan for voluntary consultation and inspection work " ( trial implementation ) , clearly stipulating the principle of free access to aids testing and keeping the guard of self - confidentiality . it hopes to discover to the maximum the infected and the patient , further implement preventive intervention measures and guard against the bad bail , and ensure the policy of withholding the four
the " proposal " clearly defines the guiding principles for hebei province 's work of voluntary consultation and inspection of aids : the examination and consultation of aids antibodies shall be free , the examination and inspection of aids antibodies and the consultation and approval of the situation , the examination and approval of aids antibodies and the consultation and keeping of confidential information shall not be appraised , and the hiv carriers and aids patients ' legitimate rights and interests are protected , providing relevant follow - up services .
the " proposal " requires that the hiv consultation and testing points be set at the convenient locations of the consulting , and that for the protection of the consulting , there should be a single - sided room and a one - on - one consultation .
the information of the consulting personnel should be fully considered as the sense of responsibility of individual people , the knowledge of knowledge , and the ability of exchange .
in order to protect the consulting 's privacy , the test pamphlet may apply the code or number to register .
the " proposal " also requires that the health administration departments at and above the county level should publicize the local major media the results of the medical and health care organizations and consulting telephone numbers that are responsible for the voluntary aids inspection service in their own localities , so as to make the masses understand the relevant information .
the ministry of public security still has a focus of work on extorting confessions by torture and supervising inspectors
beijing , february 14 ( xinhua ) the ministry of public security 's deputy chief of police inspector cheng bigang answered a reporter 's question at a press conference held by the ministry of public security on 14 february , pointing out that the so - called irrational method of asking criminal suspects to recognize the crime is absolutely not allowed in china .
the work of the supervisory departments is also focused on preventing the occurrence of these problems .
he also pointed out that some international organizations have expressed their understanding of the law enforcement situation in china , and they do not have a correct understanding of it .
the public security ministry 's latest information on 14 june shows that the ministry of public security has issued in 2002 binding documents on the implementation of the measures for public security organs to implement the regulations on continuing interrogations issued by public security organs , which has better guaranteed that grassroots public security organs are allowed to retain and apply the measures for interrogation according to law .
since 1997 , in order to deeply promote reform of three aspects , namely , rectifying confession of firearms and ammunition , curbing arbitrarily curbing guns , public security organs throughout the country have persistently carried out thorough investigation of the police team , which had been sent from the army , the police force from the army , the traffic police force , the front - line law enforcement units of the public security supervision and control centers , and other grass - roots law enforcement units , all of which have clearly warned
in order to prevent law enforcement from happening at the source , the police inspector departments further extended the antennae of inspectors and intensified the inquiry of the measures of summation , questioning , among 110 cadres , the case of filing cases of suspected cases of lacking in security service personnel and the case of stealing engines and information on vehicle information .
hk 's trade union chief meets taiwan 's new leader beijing , may 17
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the taiwan affairs office , which has been appointed as honorary chairman of the taiwan strait exchange foundation , has been in acute heart failure due to acute myocardizing and acute heart failure and haemorrhagic recollection , passed away in taipei in the early morning of the 15th .
sun yun - hsuan was born on 11 november 1913 in shandong 's ponds , the electric engineering department of harbin industrial university .
it is the first time that the kmt members of the 10 th to 13 th cpc central committee have been appointed member of the central committee for appraisal of the 14 th cpc central committee , chairman of the presidium of the 14 th cpc central committee appraisal committee , and member of the 15 th cpc central committee appraisal committee .
he once served as minister of communications of taiwan , minister of economy chu chiao [ name as transliterated ] , and other officials .
heilongjiang promotes water pollution ecology and environmental impact assessment project in songhua river
harbin , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to open up the water area of the songhua river to the end of the year and to clean up the ice layer of the river , and to prevent pollution . heilongjiang province will actively promote the evaluation and the implementation of the songhua river water pollution ecological environment impact assessment and countermeasures project .
this reporter learned from the heilongjiang provincial environmental protection bureau that the state environmental protection administration has organized the leading group of the qianhuijiang major pollution incident ecological impact assessment and countermeasures , involving a total of 15 special topics , and the emergency environmental assessment and countermeasures , divided into the assessment of the ecological impact of the ecological impact assessment and the health of the human body , the comprehensive pollution control project , the comprehensive evaluation technology integration of the person , and the specific time is arranged for the completion in three
at present , there are 10 scientific research institutions in heilongjiang province , with a total of over 60 people having undertaken 14 research projects .
it is reported that the environmental protection departments and relevant scientific research institutions will take into account the five special topics for emergency environmental assessment and countermeasure research , in an effort to first solve the environmental problems that the masses are concerned about .
these include mainly controlling the breakup of pollutants with total outflow forecasting the impact of the pollution incident on the safety of the songhua river water products , evaluating the progress of the cross - strait scattered water collection and ground water supply in the river , evaluating the impact of the city 's safety water purification technology plan for water supply to evaluate the process of the xiaolianjiang glacier ice and the residual pollutant fing in
the heilongjiang provincial environmental protection department will also intensify the environmental monitoring of the coastal areas of the songhua river , strictly investigate and deal with serious environmental pollution caused by illegal discharge of pollutants and illegal construction .
heilongjiang will send environmental law enforcement personnel to urge various localities to supervise and urge them to carry out comprehensive environmental improvement in small river basins and improve the quality of environmental management system in the fluorescent river of yashi river , such as the binhe river .
beijing university sets up mourning hall to mourn wang xuan academician wang xuan
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to establish a special state - owned beijing university in commemoration of the centennial of the centennial at 9 am on the morning of the 15th , and as of noon on the same day , several hundred people have come to offer condolences .
at 08:00 in the morning , the hall was not yet open , and dozens of people outside the gate were platoon up .
the reporter saw at the beijing university 's centenary memorial hall that the wall of the hall was hanging with black streamers : a great mourning for academician wang xuan .
the slope below the wall is a mall of a dozen square meters of wine . he wore glasses and showed a smile in appearance , and he was elegant in character and elegant manners .
the two sides of the portrait of the remains were placed with several wrestling trees , and dozens of wreaths were placed along the two sides .
one of the saltwerp 's salient writing : from qin sheng 's victory in tang shenghua 's cleanness foundation , the modern binding blueprint of modern encesclement , was written in the blueprint of contemporary china .
the mourning hall was graceful and low and the atmosphere was heavy .
the crowd in memory were beijing university 's leaders , teachers and students , academicians of academicians wang xuan , friends of academicians wang xuan , neighbors , and many people who have never been acquainted with him .
some of them wore flowers with their hands , some carrying flower baskets , and each of them wore peanut in their chest and walked slowly to the front of the portrait of academician wang xuan , bowing to their aspirations and bowing to their sorrow .
many people could not help but swing down with tears .
he was a director of the state cultural heritage bureau , and was a senior university alumnus . he told the reporter that more than 10 years ago , he was still working in henan province , and he asked professor wang xun to give a report on scientific and technological innovation to provincial party committee cadres .
shang xuan academician wang can cure others from learning , and he is a model we learn from . he has made major contributions to the country and society , and the people will never forget him .
the beijing university law school , professor jin ruilin , is a student of the 40 - year old old friend of wang xuan .
a few days ago , he was just discharged from the hospital . he insisted on going against old friends today .
in his message , mr. jin wrote , " the key to preventing his miserable life lies in the fact that he has repeatedly taken paper to shed tears shed by his stepping down .
he told the reporter that professor wang xuan 's life was very frugal , and he talked about the history of the university , and he had a very high achievement , but he was still very small . he lived in a very small house for many years .
later he moved to the chengzhen garden , and he stayed in a place of 70 to 80 square meters .
beijing university gave him a " special lecture " at the 140 - square - meter building of the academician 's building located in the blue camp , and he did not want to see a house at the high level provided by fangzheng building .
mr. kim said with deep feeling that wang xuan was very happy when he was visiting the country . he asked him to leave him for the treatment abroad . however , he resolutely declined .
shao qi started , he insisted on not applying for an academician at the beginning that he had only completed the crystal from the beginning of the year after several mobilization missions .
mr. jin renqing said with deep feelings that wang xuan 's attitude toward fostering young people , he emphasized many times that i still have achievements now , not to see me , but to nurture young people .
mr. jin said : i was in my fifties , and i started to pay attention to cultivating young people . he has always emphasized that we must pave the way for young people to be willing to work for the people and give way to young people .
shao , this is a very successful scientist , very difficult . ??
this reporter learned from the beijing university news center that from 0900 on 15 february to 12:00 noon on 19 february , the number of people , including academician wang xuan , was open to the public from 9:00 to 1600 every day , for people from all walks of life to express their condolences .
the famous modern science of modern heroes ' heroic deeds , which was praised by academician of the chinese academy of sciences , academician of the third world academy of sciences , wang xianzhi , academician of the third world academy of sciences , was born in beijing at 11:33 on 13 february after illness . he died of illness in beijing at 11:30 on 13 february . he was admitted to heir at the age of 70 .
chinese state councilor meets former chilean parliament speaker beijing , june 20
wu bangguo attended the signing ceremony and signed the agreement .
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the national people 's congress ( npc ) standing committee chairman wu bangguo attended the opening ceremony of the china - chile political dialogue ( jcp ) and the china - chile parliamentary exchange ( acsf ) here on friday .
the npc and the chilean parliament have officially established their exchange mechanism .
it is reported that chilean senate president romero and chamber of deputies speaker arseno held a meeting in the chilean capital of santiago a few days ago .
according to the agreement , the two sides will , in accordance with the principles set in the communique on the establishment of diplomatic relations , establish political dialogue relations between the npc and the chilean parliament , and set up a dialogue committee , which will take turns to hold meetings between the two countries at the irregular intervals to jointly promote the comprehensive development of bilateral relations .
chilean ambassador to china carlla attended the signing ceremony .
china to introduce measures for protecting the right to disseminate information networks
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to establish a network of internet news websites , which will be used in the united states , china , russia and other countries , according to the ministry of commerce . the ministry of commerce has not paid any fee to it . the ministry of copyright , director general wang ziqiang , said at a press conference held by the information office on the 15th that payment of internet relayed works will be protected by the internet information dissemination rights ordinance .
wang ziqiang said : according to the current law , newspapers and periodicals have published works that can not be used in any way as long as the author does not want to be used in a nonsensical statement . the author may not use the works without the consent of the author . at the same time , the state copyright bureau has specifically formulated the standards for newspaper and periodical remission in accordance with the law .
however , according to the existing law , newspapers and periodicals enjoy the right to obtain such legal permission . at present , the internet does not enjoy such a legal license .
according to the relevant judicial explanations made by the supreme people 's court , the use of newspapers and periodicals for reprinting the statutory license can be applied to the internet , i.e. , the article published by newspapers and periodicals published on the internet , which is not used by the author of the short - term statement , the internet can not be used without permission , and at the same time , the payment of remuneration should be paid .
however , as judicial interpretations do not set a standard for remuneration , the use of these works on the internet is not paid .
prc article on internet usage of short - term works published on internet is applicable to legal permission and it is still necessary to determine whether from the level of law .
wang ziqiang said : do you think it can be incorporated into the scope specified by the law , and yet it will be completed after this year 's regulations on protecting the right of information network that will be promulgated to protect information network rights .
( international ) russian military says georgian parliament 's resolution will not affect russian peacekeeping operations
moscow , february 15 ( xinhua ) the russian government will continue to support the " anti - ballistic missile treaty " ( npt ) which will be implemented in the future , said sergei shedov , press officer of the russian ministry of defense , on tuesday . the russian military will continue to carry out peacekeeping missions in the conflict area of south ossetia .
the russian state duma ( lower house of parliament ) cis chairman korski made a statement on the day regarding the resolution of the russian peacekeeping forces . he pointed out that this resolution by the georgian side will undermine stability in the region and produce an unfavorable impact on russian - georgian relations .
he stressed : the resolution of the georgian parliament has made the relations between russia and georgia move forward in the direction of worsening .
he said : the georgian side 's accusation against russia is absurd .
the georgian parliament passed a resolution on the same day , demanding that the russian peacekeeping forces stop their peacekeeping operations in south ossetia , but it has not confirmed the specific deadline for the withdrawal of russian peacekeeping forces .
the georgian parliament accused russia 's peacekeeping personnel of failing to fulfill their stipulated obligations and also regarded russia 's actions in the conflict region as a binding territory of georgia .
the georgian parliament called on the government to take active actions to consider entering the area of conflict in south ossetia to replace the current peacekeeping operation in the region .
the georgian parliament also instructed the government to amend the decision on the entry of russian peacekeeping personnel into the conflict region .
south ossetia is a autonomous state in georgia , and it is a border to the republic of north ossetia , russia .
after the disintegration of the former soviet union , it declared independence on its own and was in a state of confrontation with the georgian central government for a long time .
at present , russia has deployed more than 500 troops in the region .
this unit is a unit formed in accordance with the conditions of russia 's endeavor to meet the needs of georgia 's neighboring countries , namely , georgia 's northern plogues , zyosevelt , and southern ossetia .
the liaoyuan hospital has set fire on four persons responsible for the accident .
changchun , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to build a hospital in liaoyuan city , jilin province , to ensure the safety of the people in the hospital , said zhang diankun , head of the hospital 's electrical work squad , and four others , who were suspected of major accidents .
on 15 december 2005 , the largest explosion in liaoyuan city 's hospital in bincentral hospital caused the deaths of 39 people .
in this fire , some people were too much as 5,000 square meters .
it is understood that this was the first time that the national medical and health system has undergone a fire since the founding of new china .
according to investigations , at 1630 on the day of the incident , the liaoyuan city hospital suddenly stopped power supply . according to the hospital 's circuit design , if power outages and power - generating units move automatically to the deputy gate , and continue to maintain normal power supply at the hospital , the gate of the gate was not automatically replaced by a sluice gate . the head of the electrical work squad , zhang diankun , was forced to send fires without investigation
and at that time , the underground cables , more than 10 cables , and a dozen of cables were wrapped up together , and such cables should be put in a very neat way and be put on the fire level .
therefore , the 57 - year - old liaoyuan textile company 's electrical installation team leader zhao yongchun of the liaoyuan electric power industry bureau retired cadre ( senior engineer ) sun fenglin qianlin returned to liaoyuan city center hospital to recruit staff member jin chengtai , and three of them were also charged for suspected involvement in a major accident of responsibility .
china 's rural tourism industry to grow in mega - china
xinhua news agency , guiyang , february 16 ( reporter shi xinrong ) on the morning of the 16th , tianlong village of tianlong town , pingba county , guizhou province , all the elegant children wore the festive coat and their faces were filled with joy .
at 10 : 30 in the morning , the five - year campaign ended , the young lady , who was 80 years old , wearing a blue shirt , sounded the alarm bell for the first tour of guizhou , china 's countryside .
the tuen mun town is the largest village in the development of tourism in guizhou 's rural areas and the national village tourism demonstration point .
as the host of the meiji mountain period in the ming dynasty , yin cunbao has so far had 600 years of history .
here , we can see everywhere in the breadth of vision and longest blue long - dressed men , ancient han culture and costumes kept in the villages of tuen mun .
it is understood that the tianlong village has relied on this cultural and traditional advantage and has developed rural culture tourism from 2002 . in 2005 , the revenue from admission tickets alone reached 3.8 million yuan , and more than 470 percent of peasant households have sold tourist commodities to china through food , drinking food , transportation , and other participation in tourism . the per capita income of peasants has increased from more than 1,300 yuan in 2002 to more than 260 yuan in 2005 .
the guizhou provincial tourism administration , chief yang shengming , said that following the first tour of tianlong 's tuen po , around the new rural areas , new agricultural tourism experience , new wind , new wind , and shine , is still in the main theme , and various rural tourism activities launched in various places of guizhou this year will reach 35 .
so far , 130 - plus villages in guizhou have launched various kinds of rural tourism projects . by 2005 , more than 600,000 rural households in the province have extricated themselves from poverty through developing tourism .
in january , 70 urban housing prices rose 5.5 percent in shanghai , with housing prices continuing to slide .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has approved a total of 750 housing sales in 70 large and medium - sized cities in the country , up 5.5 percent from the same period last year , a rise of 0.7 percentage points from the previous month , according to the official .
shanghai 's housing prices continued to slide .
the state development and reform commission , national statistics bureau , released on 16 june , showed that among the 70 large and medium - sized cities , the housing prices increased by a small margin in january of this year compared with the same period last year . the prices of shanghai housing continued to decline by 0.4 percent in january , compared with the same period last year .
the same - standard statistics show that in the first quarter of last year , shanghai 's housing sales prices also increased by 19.1 percent over the same period last year . after that , the prices have taken a turn for the better . in the second half of last year , a slight decline has occurred over the same period last year .
in january this year , 70 large and medium - sized cities registered 6.99 percent increase in the prices of new commodity housing , a rise of 0.2 percentage points from the previous month .
the newly built commodity housing grew by 23.4 percent in dalian , 18.99 percent in comparison with haoji 14.7 percent in shenzhen , 10.070 percent in chengdu , 8.4 percent in beijing , while shanghai dropped 3.1 percent in comparison with the same period last year .
the central organization department has called for further intensifying supervision over the selection and appointment of leading cadres and cadres .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the central organization department recently printed and distributed opinions on strengthening cadre supervision .
the " opinions " called on organization departments at all levels to proceed from strictly managing and caring for cadres , carry out cadre supervision through the practice of cadre training , education , examination , selection , and appointment of routine management , and establish and improve various supervisory work mechanisms that strengthen prevention , promptly discover and correct problems that ran through the rectification , and strengthen supervision over leading cadres and the selection and appointment of cadres .
the " opinions " points out : the main task of organizational departments in supervising cadres is to supervise leading bodies and leading cadres , with the focus on strengthening supervision over the principal responsible persons of leading bodies , and second , supervision over the selection and appointment of leading party and government cadres , with the focus on grasping supervision and inspection of the implementation of the " regulations on selecting and appointing leading cadres in party and government organizations . "
while conducting supervision over leading bodies and leading cadres , they put forward the need to persistently and persistently conduct education in ideals and conviction and in the campaign to promote honest government and promote clean government , and carry education throughout the process of training , selecting , promoting , and supervising leading cadres in strengthening party spirit , in persistently building the party to govern for the people , and in building an ideological and moral defense line against corruption and degeneration .
the newly promoted cadres should be subject to supervision and inspection in the area of honesty and self - discipline .
it is necessary to urge leading bodies at all levels to uphold democratic centralism , establish and improve rules and procedures for making policy decisions , and seriously implement the system of combining collective leadership with individual responsibility for division of labor .
we should highlight and do a good job in supervising the principal responsible persons of the leading bodies , and organize ( personnel ) departments to often talk with the principal responsible persons of the leading bodies at the level to understand their ideological work and the style of work .
establish and improve the system of day - to - day management and supervision of leading cadres , and regularly understand and analyze the ideological and work style of the leading cadres ' ranks , and put forward opinions and measures for solving problems .
the practice of leading cadres ' admonition , written admonition , and inquiry system and discovering symptoms of unhealthy trends should be carried out in a timely manner .
we should strengthen supervision over the leading cadres ' outstanding problems reported by the masses , and should find out if they really have problems . we should educate them on the basis of the actual situation or deal with them according to relevant organizations . if they constitute a violation of discipline and law enforcement organs , we should adopt appropriate methods to clarify those problems after the investigation .
at the same time , we should combine strengthening supervision with encouraging cadres to boldly explore new ways and blaze new trails , and pay attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the " opinions " called for the organization ( personnel ) departments at all levels to earnestly strengthen supervision over the selection and appointment of leading party and government cadres .
we should further improve the system of recommendation for cadres , make recommendations for examination , deliberate decision making , and other links , strictly do a good job in selecting and appointing people , and make sure that political work is geared to the needs of work , that is , the fundamental work style of the masses , and that the cadres who have been trusted by the people in selecting and promoting leading posts at various levels .
we should strengthen supervision over the implementation of regulations on appointing cadres , severely investigate and deal with acts that violate regulations on appointing cadres , and resolutely check unhealthy trends and corrupt phenomena in employing people .
the system of serious violations of regulations on the use of personnel is implemented , and the dynamics of supervision , handling , and investigation is strengthened .
establish and perfect a system of accountability for the work of selecting and appointing cadres ; and scientifically define the guiding position of all links of the work of selecting and appointing cadres in accordance with the principle of having the same rights and responsibilities as the corresponding persons , and make clear the methods of investigation and affixing the responsibility for the work of selecting and appointing cadres .
give full play to the role of mass supervision , establish and improve the mechanism of guaranteeing and guaranteeing the effectiveness of reporting .
we should give full play to the role of supervision by public opinion , and report to the media about the progress of the work of selecting and appointing cadres in good time and subject ourselves to supervision by public opinion .
the opinions proposed that we should further improve the coordination and cooperation mechanism for cadre supervision work .
organizing ( personnel ) departments should strengthen their ties with discipline inspection organs , establish a mechanism for coordination with discipline inspection organs in the work of improving the party 's work style and building a clean and honest government for cadres , and strengthen their supervisory cohesiveness .
and the discipline inspection organs should work with the discipline inspection organs to conscientiously do a good job in inspection work , improve the methods of inspection , perfect the inspection system , and improve the quality of inspection .
and work with the auditing organs to seriously implement the auditing system for leading cadres ' economic responsibility .
we should improve the system of internal supervision over the selection and appointment of cadres in organization departments .
hk 's trade surplus up to $ 100 billion in 1998 hong kong , macao , taiwan
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to implement the " one - china policy " in taiwan , which is one of the major thoroughgoes of the united electronics company limited ( called qu hua lian zhan ) , a joint - stock company limited , of the united states , which has withdrawn from regulations , to assist in withdrawing from the regulations and helping the country in building the mainland and the ship technology company .
taiwan 's chung - kuo shih - pao reported that this is a major case in which chen shui - bian has thrown out his active management and effectively opened up cross - strait economic and trade policies . the taiwan authorities meted out penalties for taiwan businessmen investing in the mainland .
it is reported that taiwan 's economy ministry will hold hearings among those who tried the case , saying that the jointly - owned electronics corp was fined because it violated the regulations governing relations between the people on both sides of the strait and the rules governing investment or technical cooperation in the mainland region .
in the future , if one fails to do something about joint electronics company chairman cao xingcheng and others will also impose penalties on him .
the china electronics company case started in 2005 . in february 2005 , taiwan prosecutor 's department used as many as 100 people to jointly develop a large number of electronic products and made a surprise check in the homes and offices of several high - ranking officials . it said that united microelectronics has illegally provided funds for private agricultural technology and manpower resources to invest in the mainland .
at that time , cao xingcheng , then chairman of the board of directors of united microelectronics company , openly indicated that unicom did not violate any regulations of the taiwan authorities . it is for the united microelectronics corporation to provide assistance to uc in order to alloy its long - term interests . if it fails to enter the mainland market as soon as possible , it will lose business opportunities .
after that , taiwan authorities ' financial supervision and management committee held a meeting with experts from other countries to discuss matters related to commercial information disclosure .
on 9 january 2006 , the federal electronics board accepted a report from cao xingcheng , and cao xingcheng received a phone call from the united microelectronics corporation for suspected investment in the mainland several hours after that .
the united microelectronics corporation and taiwan chip circuit corporation ( proverb ) also claimed that taiwan 's chijing pingjing bao was a high - tech dragon in taiwan .
the taiwan authorities ' annual efforts to deal with the united microelectronics has been highly valued by people of all walks of life on the island .
hk 's trade deficit up to 1-3 percent in 1995 , macao 's pristina won the second championship in my heart
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the chinese people 's revolutionary guard against the bird flu in macao , which has won the second largest ever held in binyan , china , announced here today that the group of heroes from macao , which is composed of works from the heart of china , will be the works of the romantic works .
this piece of essay competition was jointly sponsored by the macao foundation and the hundred flowers literature and art publishing house , and the chinese writers association vice chairman chen jiangong and others were appointed as the chairman of the evaluation committee .
in 2004 , after macao 's return to the motherland , the first one in binyan , macao , which i ever had ever held , was held in the great hall of the people . literature enthusiasts at home and abroad responded positively to the competition . the organizing committee received more than 8,000 works , and more than 10 winners were invited to the macao sar for award .
the macao sar executive member , mr ng chi - leung , said at a press conference on 17 january that last year , longkou city in macao was listed as a world cultural heritage site , which not only means that the way of life and community management of macao people have been affirmed by the long - standing model of management , but also means that the chinese nation has passed down and developed from the traditional macao sar , which has been different from the traditional love of the chinese nation , and has been developed
wu zhiliang said : it is precisely under this good cultural atmosphere that the macao foundation and the baihuawei literature publishing house " have decided to cooperate again and hold the second year of macao in my heart , among which i remember for the second time , the competition hopes that the participants will show their love for macao and display macao 's unique humanistic integrity and stable and peaceful and happy interest and good wishes of the special administrative region [ sar ] and prosperity xinrong xinrong xinrong in
it is reported that the competition will last for two days and nights , with the " distributed text of the sea and the outer edition " to be published on 1 september .
the results of the assessment will be announced in early 2007 in the macao sar . "
shandong successfully implemented a new infant heart transplant operation
xinhua news agency , jinan , february 17 ( zhang yucun and shen yaoqin ) the institute of cardiovascular disease under the jinan military region recently successfully carried out a heart transplant operation in the infant 's heart .
on the 17th , the reporter saw in the gravity guardian room that the baby 's face was red moisture 51 days after the operation , and all monitoring and inspection indicators were normal and smoothly passed the dangerous period of operation , and she was enjoying the toy that the medical personnel bought from him with great interest .
according to the medical officer who received the treatment on that day , this patient from taian village in shandong was sent to the hospital by his parents , and all of them were green and had difficulty breathing , and after examination , they were diagnosed with the incubated cyanosis , and had to be cardiovasculosis .
the heart transplant surgery is the most difficult one in the heart surgery , the most complicated one .
in particular , the number of infants under the age of 1 is still at a low level .
the jinan military region 's cardiovascular disease research institute organized experts to repeatedly prove that the project was carefully designed for the post - operation and post - operation supervision , and independent innovation was made in the method of coalding blood vessels , and experiments of animals were conducted .
on 28 december 2005 at 8:00 am , the surgery began .
the heart of the body came from a man who was born in a natural lung because of the bad effects of breathing suddenly .
the operation should coincide with six blood vessels , and the sewerage should be more than 510 needles , with each needle not more than three mm .
295 minutes later , the operation was completely successful .
the state administration of safety supervision : check the occurrence of major coal mine accidents and other major accidents has been the most important task for this year
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has taken measures to deal with the " three evil forces " in the past year , according to the ministry of foreign trade and economic cooperation ( moftec ) . it has made it possible for major accidents such as mine accidents to occur in china in the past year to lay stress on this year 's safety supervision work .
the reporter learned from the state administration of production safety on 17 april that in order to truly curb the frequent occurrence of major accidents , such as coal mines , the coal mines are the most important of all .
the coal mine safety and safety supervision bureau will do the following three things well this year :
hello . continue to play valiant 's ruling battle .
the gas project will lay off the main lines of the effort this year .
if gao wales mine does not carry out a policy of binding back from behind , then it must be ordered to stop production immediately according to law .
hello . continue to fight a battle to rectify and close down .
we should turn the number of cases which have been publicly announced to the public , plus the 700 - plus coal mines that have recently been reported to the local authorities , one that has closed down or put to death .
we should regard closing down as a regular task and continuously close down those enterprises that disrupt the environment pollution of resources and do not have safety conditions .
hello . strengthening coal mine safety basic management .
we must immediately correct the phenomena of containing small numbers of state - owned large mines in landslide and guide them to establish a standardized safety management system .
in particular , we should focus on key state - owned coal mines , and absolutely not allow overriding capability to manufacture overlapping personnel .
this year , the production safety control index requires that the number of deaths of all types in the country be reduced by 3percent over last year , of which coal mines have dropped by 3.5 percent .
one death was over 10 people , and the accident took place several times , with the number falling by 5percent , of which coal mines dropped by 7percent .
these control targets have been assigned to all provincial - level people 's governments , and various localities are now phasing out their efforts to implement them to the grass - roots and enterprises .
statistics show that in 2005 , the total coal mine accidents across the country were 5986 , a decrease of 0.7 percent over the same period last year .
however , the 10 - member accident that killed more than 10 people raised its head , and the number of people killed increased by 66.6 percent over the same period last year .
( international ) barroso calls for all parties to play a compromise in the future status talks in kosovo
xinhua news agency , belgrade , february 17 ( reporter he yi ) pristina news : the european commission president barroso said in a speech at the kosovo capital city of plisa on the 17 th that he hopes that all parties concerned will make good compromises and preparations for the final establishment of a democratic and multi - ethnic integration in kosovo .
barroso met with president of the interim authority of kuwait , siege montreal , and other representatives of the serbian rebels on the same day , and said to the media that all parties concerned in kosovo should have a tolerant attitude , build a democratic and multi - ethnic kosovo that integrates the government with the protection of the rights and interests of minority nationalities , and only then can kosovo be recognized by the international community .
he also stressed that the european commission will do its utmost to help kosovo develop .
barroso also expressed his satisfaction with the progress of kosovo 's current implementation of the eight standards set by the united nations on the process of kosovo 's democracy .
he said these standards were implemented to affect the relations between kosovo and europe .
he also called on all serbian people in kosovo to join the ranks of the various social organizations in kosovo in order to achieve democracy and the integration of the multi - ethnic groups .
barroso arrived in kosovo on the same day . he said that he was deeply impressed by the fact that the two countries have reached a consensus on the issue of kosovo 's return to the motherland .
earlier , barroso visited croatia and serbia and montenegro , and he will also visit macedonia 's bulgaria and bosnia - herzegovina .
( winter olympics ) vigorous stimulants ) news analysis : distributing the liquid incident is probably not clear .
xinhua news agency , duling , february 17 - news analysis : the distribution of liuwa is likely to be unsettled .
xinhua news agency reporter , gao peng ding
although italy has repeatedly reiterated that the turin winter olympics will be held in the city of turin , and all athletes who use stimulants may face the mire of prison , but judging from various situations at present , this is not very likely to happen in the first case of the stimulant scandal , the main corner of the scandal of the austin of the russian winter agent austa biova biographic biographic biographic biographic biograph
turin winter olympics will explode on 16 june for the first time since its opening , o'leofa was found to have used banned drug cards for use .
on the following day , the international olympic committee announced that sending lev was out of the winter olympics . she won the winter games in this winter olympics with 15 kilometers of silver medal in the women 's 15 - kilometer individual championship .
the international winter season two league also held a series of meetings on the same day to send the dolphin 's two - year embargo .
the international olympic committee has always stipulated that athletes are being uncovered by the use of stimulants in the olympic games , and they will be dismissed and deprived of their qualifications for the games , but they are not subject to legal sanctions .
however , according to italian laws , the whereabouts of the athletes carrying and using stimulants are criminal acts , and the judiciary has the right to directly arrest and investigate the use of stimulants , and to test the law offenders are also facing a prison of not equal terms between three months and three years .
in december last year , the ioc and the italian government , after a year of hard bargaining , finally reached an agreement after a year of hard bargaining . the two sides agreed to deal with the issue of using stimulant by the athletes in accordance with the italian law during the current winter olympics .
the ioc has made unremitting efforts to promote the development of the country 's olympic culture and the olympic games , and italy has promised that the police will not go to the olympic village to search the athletes ' places during the winter olympics . however , the proprietary athletes will still accept the investigation of the italian procuratorial organs .
it is reported that the italian government supervised the activities of the winter olympics in turin , perth , and has already sent the stimulant incident of lenin to the duin procuratorial organs .
however , the ioc and peter themselves have not yet confirmed this .
the russian winter season two teammates , anami , arrived in moscow at noon on 17 august , revealing that lev had left turin and returned to china .
he has worked hard to create a good environment for chinese sports officials who have worked in the world anti - doping agency for many years . he said that once leiqiang is sent back to china , this matter might eventually be something that has nothing to do with .
shi kangcheng said : the ioc and the italian government have been playing an important role in the issue of anti - xingxing in winter olympics . even if the italian procuratorial organs really get involved in this matter , it is difficult to say .
according to the previous records of the use of stimulant by italian athletes , the illegal immigrants have received the heaviest penalties , but they are merely two years imprisonment and a sentence for imprisonment for years .
therefore , the italian amaza senior reporter , pierre , said that sending leika into prison is very likely to be a little bit arrogant , and that the top is also a fine .
pele also said that although the italian court could conduct a defective trial , the italian police could not go abroad to hand the gifts back to prison for sentencing .
if we send the leavova to refuse the verdict , the italian side could not take her .
xinhua roundup on new sars sites in the world
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to implement a series of measures to curb the spread of bird flu in africa , according to a xinhua report .
the world health organization confirmed on the 17th that three areas in egypt have found bird flu virus dead .
in europe , france has also discovered for the first time the bird flu virus of five types , and europe has been highly vigilant against and strengthened prevention measures .
the world health organization 's east mediterranean regional adviser hassan bush told the press in egypt on 17 april that currently in cairo , central egypt , and three southern regions of mingya have discovered bird flu virus infected with 5:1 virus , and the relevant egyptian government departments have started to slaughter poultry suspected of bird flu .
experts pointed out that egypt is a member of the organization of migratory birds from the middle east and north africa , and the possibility of bringing the bird flu virus into the country is very great .
egypt has already announced that it has banned the import of live poultry from abroad and strengthened the quarantine work at border ports .
cameroon 's capital yaounde is a chicken farm that has been growing at more than 800 chickens in the past week .
cameroon has decided to suspend the quarantine of the country 's poultry imports from nigeria , which has bird flu outbreaks , and suspend all poultry and poultry products on the two countries ' border .
the cameroon government has also built a comprehensive network of government departments covering the entire territory within a short period of time , and the country 's basde center and national veterinary laboratory have also been in an emergency state awaiting orders , so as to carry out laboratory tests on the virus - the longest - type virus .
in europe , denmark and sweden held a preliminary ruling on the 17th of the epidemic .
sweden 's veterinary research institute released a report on the death of the dead swans found on wednesday , indicating that swedish swans have not contracted the avian flu virus .
the danish government has confirmed the case of bird flu in denmark , but the results showed that 30 dead swans were not infected with the virus .
however , the agriculture department said denmark should not take it lightly .
the european union has been in a state of emergency since the beginning of this year in romania , and the world health organization experts said in bucharest on the 17th that the bird flu in almost all parts of the danube delta region must be seriously dealt with , and romania may be threatened by avian influenza in three or five years .
in bangladesh , asia , the government has taken all necessary measures to prevent avian influenza .
the government 's livestock services bureau has provided relevant officials with books on bird flu prevention and has also organized poultry rearing personnel to undergo training .
( newspaper clippings ) china 's first joint blood information management system has been established in zhejiang
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the number of people infected with the disease in china has reached a record high of 12,500 , according to the zhejiang blood center , according to the zhejiang provincial blood center .
the relevant responsible person of zhejiang 's blood center said that this means that any citizen will be killed in any county ( city ) in zhejiang province in the future , and that blood supply organizations will take part in the gratis blood donation , and there will be a unique code record . when he makes a blood , he can make a record of the input of relevant codes , personal information , personal information , and lifesaving blood transfusion , which can be quickly shown as soon as he
the responsible person further explained that if the import of the relevant code , the system shows that the insolvent blood infusion period has not arrived , it will indicate that it does not conform to the condition of the blood donation this time .
this will not only protect the blood donors ' own health , but also effectively protect the health and safety of the blood users .
in addition , when blood supply is tense , the donors and their families have the right to use blood first . as long as you input the effective documents of the devotees , you can immediately show the donors ' information and are quite convenient .
according to a report in hangzhou 's " zaobao today , " the information system has been installed in all 36 blood transfusion organs throughout the province . the situation of blood resources in all blood transfusion stations throughout the province has also shown real time , and the data of the whole province have been shared .
to prevent the recurrence of a landslide in the philippines , 11 villages in the philippines urgently evacuated .
manila , february 18 ( xinhua ) the philippine government has approved a total of 12,530 cases of landslide in 11 villages in the eastern philippines , local officials said here today .
the government of the republic of yugoslavia ( lesotho ) said that the villages were linked to the landslide on the 17th in the same area , which was similar to the one in the region .
the 11 members of the 11 villages that have been withdrawn will be resettled within seven withdrawal centers .
larijani said : the government yesterday ordered the evacuation of residents , and sent people to inspect these villages today because some people do not want to leave their homes .
on the 17th , the landslide incident occurred in the southern part of saint bell town in southern lesotho province . from the television image , the soil and stone tablets have buried the entire village , and we can only see a few roofs .
as the soil is very thick and humidity is very heavy , the people buried under him can survive very little hope .
at present , 109 people have been found dead and 57 others have been rescued .
it is estimated that the cause of death may be as high as 1,800 .
( overseas chinese living in southern fujian province ) quanzhou , a native of quanzhou , southern fujian province , increased 35.2 percent in exports in the first month of this year compared with the same period last year
fuzhou , february 19 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has approved a total of 23.4 billion yuan ( about 23.8 billion us dollars ) in foreign trade in january this year , according to the statistics released by the ministry of foreign trade and economic cooperation ( moftec ) .
according to customs statistics , in january , quanzhou exported 330 million us dollars worth of goods , setting the record , up 35.2 percent over the same period last year , and exceeding the average growth level of the entire province .
according to a report by the quanzhou city foreign economic relations bureau , the reason that quanzhou 's foreign trade in january could grow at a high speed is mainly due to the effects of many measures for foreign trade support services in quanzhou , enterprises ' export enthusiasm is running high , quanzhou 's economic operation is lively , enterprises ' confidence in operation is strengthened , and the environment of highly efficient foreign trade development is brought to light .
