she was sent to the police after two of her mobile computers were found to be connected with the cause of investigation .
london , june 6 , 2007
the london daily express pointed out that two television stations that recorded the death of princess diana in paris in 1997 were inserted into the hands of the former metropolitan police chief .
the report pointed out that this theft case has caused people to guess that the computer might have been equipped with a computer consignment headed by sir robinson , former metropolitan police chief .
however , a spokesman for the metropolitan police station said that there was no sensitive information in the computer or relevant information .
sir robert smith is the director of the nozanbiya police agency in britain and his office is located in the area of tai enkham new castle .
the report said that the secretary of the norzabiah police agency had been tracing two theft cases in the past 10 days .
the weekend holiday that happened between january 28 and 29 was taken away , including computers and cash , while the second case occurred last week , without any loss .
the norwegian police said there was no evidence to show that the two cases were related to the work of sir robert scowsiness .
steve has been tracing the cause of death of princess wales , not directly caused by the car accident .
the official of the royal autopsy , bristis , ordered in 2004 to continue to track the evidence .
princess diana was admitted to a tunnel accident in paris on august 31 , 1997 when she and her died together with her .
after two years of investigation , the french police believed that the driver was driving and taking the drug and was driving the express , resulting in the car out of control .
sri lanka 's warring parties agree to hold talks in geneva
colombo , march 7 , 2007
norway , which is the mediator of the peace process in the united states , said that the sri lankan warring groups agreed to start negotiations in geneva , switzerland on the 22nd of this month to resolve the stalemate in the negotiations that had lasted for several decades .
norwegian peace envoy solheim held talks with the tigers ' negotiator of the liberation tigers of tamil elam in london , and achieved this breakthrough .
the norwegian embassy in beijing said in a statement that sri lanka 's conflict was caused by the conflict between the sri lanka government and the tigers liberation of milan , and demanded that the norwegian government assist in negotiations on february 22 in geneva on february 23 .
the two - day talks will focus on how to strengthen the cease - fire agreement that took effect on february 23 , 2002 , and this agreement has never been fully observed by both sides .
the norwegian embassy said that parties will discuss how to improve the implementation of the cease - fire agreement , which is the first time in three years that the two sides have held face - to - face talks at such a high level .
socrheim said he will lead a norwegian team to participate in the negotiations , and four representatives from the tigers of tamil elam liberation tigers will be led by barshhan , while the sri lankan government will be led by health minister .
he said : this is a small step that leads to peace , but an important step , and the process of negotiations is expected to make painstaking efforts .
the first face - to - face talks on the settlement of the sri lankan conflict took place in japan in march 2003 , but the tigers of liberian liberation in tanzania abolished the originally scheduled seventh round of talks in thailand in april 2003 .
the north and south korean delegation to join hands in the winter olympics
italian ( afp ) da riduin , italy , april 10
the 20 th winter olympics opened in du lin today , and the south and north koreas , each making enemy of each other during the cold war , joined hands in the ceremony .
south korean woman skating skating player lee po - la and north korean man skating skating player han cheng - jen , respectively the head of the two national teams , led south nut north korea 's team into the winter olympics games hall .
this is the first time that the olympic team from south korea and north korea entered the winter olympics together .
to reflect the good spirit of unity between the two sides in recent years , the summer olympic games in sydney in the year 2000 and the athens summer olympics in 2004 all entered together with the north korean team .
north korea did not participate in the 19 th winter olympics in the city of salt lake , the united states .
the korean peninsula was divided into a northern korean peninsula that practices capitalism , and the two koreas had held talks in 1950-1953 during the korean war .
south watchdog held a peace summit in 2000 , and bilateral relations improved .
according to tradition , the greek delegation is the first country to enter , and south korea is the 22 nd north korea among the 80 participating countries .
the landlord national anthony representative is the last country to enter . when the italian team entered the stadium , a warm cheers and applauds burst out in the sports ground immediately .
hovman had been deeply enchanted by the drug to come to the fore in a timely manner
new york , march 16 , 2007
it is generally recognized that it is the most hopeful to win the title of the oscar emperor , the movie " balotic " : the male lead actress of the philippines ' cypriot moscosman , who won the movie " cold blood " , revealed that he was unconscious when he was young and could not extricate himself from drugs and alcohol .
in an interview with the american columbia broadcasting corporation news magazine 60 minutes , horman sighed with light feeling that during that period , in order to get drugs and alcohol , it was indeed an unscrupulous approach .
he only got up 20 years ago and just graduated from the department of drama of new york university and entered a very colorful society . he spinned every day 's life tone , and finally he became swollen and swollen . he lost control .
he became a guard at the le pen when he was 22 years old and had taken away the habit of drunk and drug - trafficking . that was the most panicked period in his life .
the oscar awards ceremony to be held next month will explain the american writer koboro 's role as a writer of the united states koopu : cold blood has brought bleachhead to the white mess , and is considered to have the greatest hope to win the best male lead award .
before that , his superb performance was affirmed long ago and has received many awards including a golden ball prize , the best male lead .
during the interview , the 38 - year - old actor said that if he had not been determined to correct his bad habit before becoming famous , he might not have been nominated by oscar .
he said that he admired those famous bronze - worn actors who were 19 years old and suddenly becoming famous .
four traces of bird flu have been found in nigeria , liya , panic
brussels , april 16 , 2007
the bird flu virus has been found in europe , causing public panic .
the eu executive committee has established another cushion area control , bringing all areas of the countries where the virus has been found into the management , and prohibiting the transportation of all birds from the biosecurity of birds .
africa 's nuke virus eighth day after discovery of the deadly h5n1 virus , the epidemic has expanded to more farms , showing signs that it has already crossed the northern border into nigeria .
egyptian officials are investigating a sudden outbreak of a chicken farm in the south , fearing that the virus could spread continuously .
european chicken markets are affected by virus incidents , and the large - scale decline is on the rise . the eu executive committee stressed that there is no reason for panic .
the executive committee is responsible for health and food safety executive committee member dippono said that the public 's concern about this matter is understandable , but it does not require excessive reaction .
after the virus detection site 's three - kilometer area and 10 - kilometer warning area , the eu executive committee has also laid down new rules to list all the european regions where the virus has been discovered as buffer zone .
an eu official , who declined to be named , pointed out that everyone is nervous and that they are handling the news of the disease from all over europe on the day to the evening , which is suspected to have broken out .
so far , there are alvares of ecoka in austria 's luzonia , germany 's luzonia , germany , benzania ukraine and russia 's territories in europe , etc. all have found virulent earth in 501 virus , almost all of which are found in the wild swans .
romania found the 31 st case on the 16th , while slovenia 's lugenia island and germany 's rugeni island also found a new case .
in the south of italy , two ducks were found to have bird flu virus , the first wild swans in europe , and the biological number one virus infected from the 5n1 virus .
what eu officials are most worried about is migratory birds that will soon fly back from africa .
the nigerian government is stepping up its efforts to prevent the virus from spreading to humans in the african continent .
the nigerian government announced that all the poultry farms within five kilometers of infected farms will be affected by the virus , and they will be destroyed no matter if they are threatened by the virus .
neighboring niger and the nepalese government announced that the whole country had entered a state of alert and had earmarked four million us dollars of emergency plans to monitor and align the border with nigeria .
the newly established national emergency committee said that they had received notification that the police of the two countries had nearly 400 birds of the same species in the mariana of the two countries .
china to introduce new rules for electronic banking management
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a banking regulatory commission ( cbrc ) to set up a banking regulatory commission ( cbrc ) in beijing in march 1 , 2006 , the china banking regulatory commission ( cbrc ) said here today .
a spokesman for the china banking regulatory commission said that according to the regulations of the administrative measures , the examination and approval methods of foreign - funded financial institutions have basically remained unchanged . that is , after foreign banks ' branches have been approved to offer internet banking services , if new online banking business varieties need to be added , the main report and branch reporting offices in china should submit their applications for examination in a unified manner .
to standardize commercial banks ' business of using the internet , the people 's bank of china promulgated the " interim measures on internet banking management " in june 2001 .
a cbrc spokesman said that with the continuous development of the electronic banking business of commercial banks , the interim procedures cannot meet the requirements for monitoring risks in electronic banking . the cbrc has drawn up two new regulations for this purpose .
the china banking regulatory commission ( cbrc ) has decided to set up a safety assessment institution , which is different from the nature of industry access or business access , not the necessary requirement for the evaluation of e - banking safety , but the cbrc 's reference when selecting the evaluation institution .
as long as the safety assessment organization meets the relevant requirements and requirements , even if it is not recognized by the banking regulatory commission as a qualified member , the financial institution may also employ it to carry out an electronic banking safety assessment , but it should exercise management according to the relevant regulations .
the " procedures for managing the business of electronic banks " consists of nine chapters and 99 articles , respectively , applying for change of risk management , exchange data and transfer management of cross - border business activities such as cross - border business activities , monitoring of legal affairs , and supplementary provisions .
the guidelines on safety assessment of electronic banks , which are divided into five chapters , are divided into security assessment of 57 bodies ' safety assessment , management of safety assessment activities , and supplementary provisions .
" mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , chen yun 's theory of investigation and study " published
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the " collection of mao zedong , zhou enlai liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping 's theory on investigation and study " compiled by the party central committee 's literature research center has been published and distributed recently by the central party literature publishing house .
we should conduct investigation and study in depth and uphold the integration of theory with reality . formulating and implementing correct lines , strategies and policies is the basic experience and the basic work method of the cpc in leading revolution .
mao zedong 's zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , chen yun , and other revolutionaries of the older generation have made many important and brilliant expositions on the issues of investigation and study . they have often gone deep into the grass roots to personally do social investigation and write many investigation reports .
the practice and results of their investigation and study have played an important role in guiding the cause of the party and the people to develop along the correct road .
" mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , and chen yun on investigation and study " was divided into three parts : the first part was the collection of the analects of the older generation of revolutionaries including mao zedong on investigation and study , the second part was the epochal of the works of mao zedong and the third part was the three investigation groups written by mao zedong in the early 1960 s and the report written by liu sh@@
most of these reports were published for the first time .
in addition , there are two articles on the work of investigation and study conducted by central leaders in the 1950 s and 60 s .
russia reiterates one - china policy
moscow , february 6 ( xinhua ) russian deputy foreign minister alexeyev said here today that russia will stick to the one - china policy .
alekseyev said that russia has noticed chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence .
the russian government has consistently upheld the one - china principle and firmly supported china 's efforts to realize the great cause of national reunification .
last year , after the chinese national people 's congress passed the anti - secession law , russia took the lead in openly expressing its support .
alekseyev said that the russian foreign ministry will issue a statement as soon as possible , reiterating the one - china policy and opposing taiwan independence .
china 's third chinese compatriot robbed in south africa
johannesburg , february 6 ( xinhua ) chinese overseas chinese lin yixing , who is of fuqing origin in fujian province , were killed by local militants in a bar he operated in south africa on the early morning of the 5th local time . on the morning of the 6th , the burundan hospital , the south african judicial capital , was rescued and not dead .
according to feng yang , chairman of the free state chinese association , the incident took place in the city of welkomam , more than 130 kilometers northwest of burundi .
at that time , the store owner lin yixing picked up the goods on the bar platform and prepared to end the one - day business .
at this time , there were three customers in the store , one of them pulled out a handgun and dashed into the bar tower , carrying out robbery .
lin yixing , 40 , was fighting the ruffians and the robbers fired a shot at lin yixing and fled afterwards .
the local people who rushed to the scene after the hearing of the news rushed to the hospital to receive treatment . because lin yixing 's body was filled with a seepage of blood tubes in the blood tube , blood stream bleached out of the disease . blood was not stopped , and died around 0330 on 6 february .
on 6 february , xu defu and wu gang , consul general of the chinese consulate in cebu , and lin changming , vice president of the chinese association of fujian province in south africa , drove to burundi 's pamirs by car to help their family members deal with the aftermath of the accident .
mr lam has become a member of the third chinese who was shot and killed by the robbers within 36 hours , and is also the fourth chinese to be killed in south africa since the beginning of this year .
( newspaper clippings ) shanghai : part - time workers and college graduates become the main part of hourly work
beijing , february 7 ( xinhua ) the labor and social security bureau of shanghai municipality announced the latest hourly wage price for 2006 , which reached 120 posts on the 6th , an increase of 11 percent over the previous one and a fall in the existing salaries .
according to an estimate by a relevant expert from the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau , currently there are more than 1 million people working in the hours of shanghai .
according to a zhongguo qingnian bao report , college graduates and part - time workers are the main components of the contingent of hours ' work .
through direct investigation of nearly 8,000 hours of work , more than half of the people were part - time workers , and the percentage reached 51.11 percent .
the cultural level of part - time workers is generally higher , and they are mainly engaged in relatively technical work , such as translation jobs , part - time personnel ratio as high as 81.7 % , and fitness classes by 61.6 % .
high income is an important reason why many people take part in hourly work .
it is understood that the monthly income of individual positions can reach tens of thousands of yuan , and it will be hard to find such a way of interpretation , and the monthly income of halls and posts can mostly reach more than 2,000 yuan , such as shares of fortune - married finance .
satisfying individual interests and expanding their knowledge is also a favorite reason for their favor .
if a company serves as the manager of human resources department , it will take a few hours a week to handle the financial accounts of a foreign business representative office .
mr koo said that the greatest benefit from the concurrent position was the continuous updating of his knowledge , and that there was an opportunity to involve another field . of course , the monthly income of 2000 yuan also had a certain degree of enticement .
as the employment threshold for some hours of work is low , the employment form is flexible and free , and many graduates are gradually seeking jobs , 14,000 of them are graduates of secondary and tertiary vocational schools in the past three years .
my hacker did not want to work in the beginning , but after several months , i felt it was better than the nine - to - five working day in north korea .
after graduating from university student huang , the job he found was not as satisfactory . finally , he hung a name at a guesthouse and used a piano to play background music .
i am quite satisfied with my work at present , and my environment is 100 yuan per hour . now i have to find a few hours of work .
it is understood that working in an hour has become the work experience of some graduates who are engaged in job - seeking work , experience - training , and skills enhancement of communication skills in society .
the graduates ' work hours are mainly concentrated in knowledge and skills , such as professional and technical translation posts .
some of the hourly workers do not have high requirements for their skills , such as food promotion personnel , etc. , and the unemployed personnel can start their jobs after simple training .
the data show that among the hourly workers , 39,000 were unemployed , including the ratio of the unemployed in retail , 68.4 percent , and the proportion of restaurants and catering was 58.77 percent . the number of hours worked has become an important channel for the unemployed to find jobs .
wu bangguo inspects anhui province
beijing , february 8 ( xinhua ) the political bureau standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) , wu bangguo , chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress , stressed during a recent inspection of work in anhui that it is necessary to regard three important ideas as guidance , persist in taking the scientific development concept as the overall economic and social development situation , seriously implement the central principles and policies , further emancipate the mind and creatively carry out work , implement the scientific development concept in concrete
from 6 to 8 february , wu bangguo went to wuhu lake , wujiaxi , and other places , and went deep into enterprises ' rural zhaoxing research institutes and institutes of higher learning .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui has the regional advantages of connecting sichuan with the south and thus is an important agricultural region in china . it has rich natural resources , a relatively good industrial foundation , a strong strength in science and education , and a rich cultural and tourism resources . it has great potential for development .
anhui should firmly seize the important opportunity to promote the rise of central china , always adhere to the central task of economic construction , conscientiously implement the central principles and policies in close connection with anhui 's reality , creatively carry out work , and implement the scientific development concept in concrete measures and in practical work .
we should promptly sum up practical experience , fully rely on the masses of the people , vigorously support reform and innovation , and continually open up a new situation in anhui 's work .
we should actively promote the building of a harmonious society and persistently regard realizing well the fundamental interests of the broadest masses of the people as the starting point and the end - result of all our work , actively make the conditions for solving the practical problems of the masses in difficulty , gradually adjust the distribution relations among the masses in difficulties , gradually narrow the gap between the urban and rural areas and the rural areas ' structure , gradually narrow the gap between regions , safeguard social fairness and justice , and enable the people
wu bangguo stressed : china has reached the stage of developing itself through increasing its ability to make innovations on its own and improving the quality of laborers to promote economic and social development . only by vigorously promoting scientific and technological progress and innovation can we achieve a leap in the quality of productive forces and push economic and social development onto the track of scientific development .
we should establish and perfect as soon as possible systems and mechanisms that are conducive to innovation , increase scientific and technological input , encourage patent inventions , develop brand - name brands , speed up the conversion of scientific and technological achievements into practical productive forces , strengthen the status of enterprises as the mainstay in independent innovation , and continuously increase the contribution rate of scientific and technological progress to economic growth .
we should support and encourage the participation of key technological elements in distribution , establish and improve a statistical index system that reflects the ability to innovate independently , and study and formulate policies that support independent innovation in finance and government procurement , and form a policy system that encourages independent innovation .
we should cultivate an innovative awareness throughout society , vigorously advocate the spirit of daring to blaze new trails and competition , and strive to create a good atmosphere for the coming forth of talent .
wu bangguo pointed out : in the course of building a socialist country ruled by law , the npc plays an increasingly great role .
to do the work of the people 's congresses in the new situation , first , we should adhere to the correct political orientation , unswervingly follow the road of developing socialist politics with chinese characteristics , and organically integrate the adherence to the party 's leadership with the practice of having the people become masters of their own affairs and the rule of the country in accordance with the law .
second , closely centering on the overall situation of the work of the party and the state , closely centering on major issues in reform , development , and stability , and carrying out work around hot and difficult issues of common concern to the masses of the people , to continually enhance the actual results of the work of the people 's congresses .
third , we should give play to the characteristics and advantages of the people 's congress work , uphold democratic centralism , act in strict accordance with the law , and collectively decide problems .
we must adhere to the mass line , take people as the foundation , exercise power for the people , have the people in mind , and work for the people .
china proposes major scientific research program for 2005
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) china will make a great effort to promote sustainable development and achieve a big leap forward in key areas , the state council issued on the 9th the " national medium @ - and long - term scientific and technological development program " ( 2006 - 2020 ) .
these four major scientific projects are the research on controlling and controlling the breast nutrients , research on nanometer research and development and reproductive research .
the outline points out that protein science is the commanding height of life science that developed countries are currently engaged in fierce competition .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on studying the biography of the biography of the white breezes group , and the suezuka structure of the xen group , the biology and biology research of biology and systems related to biology and systems , protein research , and related applied basic research .
the outline also holds that the study of quantum regulation and control is of a clear forward - looking nature and may produce an inestimable impact on the economic development of human society after 20-30 years .
china should focus on studying the carrier and the principle and method of regulation and control of quantum telecommunications , the new quantum effect of quantum computing and restricted small quantum system , the new principles and new technological foundation of quantum regulation and control and measurement .
in addition , the program pointed out that nanotechnology has become a strategic choice for many countries to enhance their core competitiveness , and is also one of the fields that china is expected to achieve leapfrog development .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on research in this field , including the controllable control of nanotechnology materials , the compound and function of these materials , the arc nastal biomass and nanomedical , the nanometric surface and measurements , nanometer , and nanometric technology in the field of energy - saving medical treatment .
china 's population growth is large , birth defects are numerous , transplant organs are in serious shortage , and the peak of aging is about to arrive , so it is urgently necessary to make breakthroughs in reproductive and scientific theory and technological innovation .
according to the outline , china will focus on research on developing stem cells and controlling them , and the maturity and taste of genomics , the deterioration of human reproductive functions , and the mechanism of reproductive and reproductive , as well as the safety and ethics of reproductive and stem cells technology .
shanghai 's housing price rise drops by nearly 7 percentage points
shanghai , february 9 ( xinhua ) the state will increase the proportion of domestic property in the overall regulation and control policy of the country in 2005 .
according to the latest figures , shanghai 's real estate industry registered a marked decline or a slackening in growth rates last year .
the price of residential housing dropped 6.6 percentage points from the previous year , while the added value of the real estate industry dropped 4.1 percent from the previous year .
pan jianxin , director of the shanghai municipal bureau of statistics , said at a press conference the other day that in 2005 , shanghai 's average residential housing prices were 6698 yuan per square meter , an increase of 313 yuan over 2004 .
the price of residential housing for the whole year rose 9.2 percent over the previous year , and the rate of increase was 6.6 percentage points lower than the corresponding period of last year .
the real estate industry added value for the year was 67.023 billion yuan , a drop of 4.11 percent from the previous year .
in the financial institutions ' loans , the balance of personal housing loans was 264.494 billion yuan , which was only nt $ 0.84 billion in the same year , but the new loan increase in 2004 reached 72.809 billion .
pan jianxin said that judging from shanghai 's real estate sales prices throughout the year , the prices of commercial housing sales have been stable .
the statistics also show that according to the latest data , the real estate price increase in shanghai has somewhat declined in 2005 , and the average selling price of residential housing was 6698 yuan per square meter , 313 yuan higher than that of 2004 .
in 2005 , the price level of housing sales rose 9.7 percent over the previous year , and the rate of increase was 6.2 percentage points lower than that of last year .
according to his briefing , last year shanghai completed real estate development investment of 124.686 - billion yuan , up 6.1 percent over the previous year .
the sales area was 315.87 million square meters , a drop of 9.5 percent .
the annual sales volume of commercial housing reached 216.13 billion yuan , a drop of 4.55 percent over the previous year .
two light aircraft crashed in new zealand
wellington , february 9 ( xinhua ) two new zealand light planes crashed at a small house in the sky above 100 kilometers north of the capital of wellington on the 9th , killing two pilots of the flying school .
according to a relevant responsible person of the local civil aviation department , the drivers of the two planes were all members of the maxi university flying school . they are still undergoing training and have not obtained any flight license .
at the time of the incident , two planes were in a non - air control area . according to the regulations , pilots should be responsible for the navigation and safety conditions of the aircraft when flying in such a zone .
an eyewitness at the scene of the incident told the new zealand media that when the plane collision occurred , he heard a huge explosion and saw the plane crashing into the ground .
another eyewitness also confirmed that before the plane crashed , it heard a huge explosion and saw a plane crash .
the cause of the collision is not clear , and the local civil aviation authorities will investigate the incident .
argentina condemns chen shui - bian 's taiwan independence remarks beijing , 21 apr ( xinhua ) -- argentina 's overseas chinese and chinese strongly condemn chen shui - bian 's remarks on taiwan independence
buenos aires , february 8 ( xinhua ) the chinese delegation headed by overseas chinese and chinese in argentina held a solemn statement on the 8th , strongly condemning chen shui - bian 's recent strong pro - taiwan independence remarks in argentina and opposing any attempt to separate taiwan from china .
the statement said : in his speech delivered on 29 january , chen shui - bian declared that he would abolish the national unification council and the national unification program , which was a step taken toward taiwan independence .
the aspirations of compatriots on both sides of the strait for peace and the good aspirations of taiwan compatriots for peace and development will face severe challenges .
the statement pointed out that resolutely opposing and curbing taiwan independence 's separatist activities and safeguarding peace and stability in the taiwan strait region remains the most pressing task at present for compatriots on both sides of the strait and the chinese society in the world .
the statement stressed that the council of the argentine council for the promotion of peaceful reunification is willing to unite with all ethnic chinese in argentina who uphold the one - china principle , resolutely oppose any form of taiwan independence , and actively promote china 's peaceful reunification .
prc expert : us threat to china 's military threat unjustified
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to extend the budget of the " four - year defense review " to congress for the first time , saying that china 's kinmen are one of the emerging powers that may pose military challenges to the united states .
experts believe that this is an unjustified accusation of china 's normal national defense construction and a play on china 's military threat theory , which is interference in china 's internal affairs .
the " four - year defense assessment report " is a new national defense guidance document of the pentagon .
the 92 - page report expounds china 's military power and the countermeasures the united states should take , and the report has directly mentioned china 's antagonistic or polite language .
yao yunzhu , a researcher at the world military research department of the chinese academy of military sciences , said that senior us officials had expressed similar views on many occasions before , and that this is the first time that the strategic report on national defense that china is the emerging power that is most likely to pose a military challenge to the united states .
the report clearly defines russia 's nuke china as a new strategic rival , especially the so - called china military threat theory , for the first time . it gives more attention to the polarity of the so - called china military threat theory .
major general peng guangqian , researcher of the chinese academy of military sciences ,
it is noteworthy that the " four - year defense review report " was formally submitted to congress on the same day , us president bush also submitted the 2007 fiscal year 's government budget , including the defense budget of $ 43.93 - billion .
if plus the military action in iraq and afghanistan , the us budget for 2007 will be revised upwards by 500 billion dollars .
peng guangqian said that the us method of creating the nuisance theory of others ' mismatches the pentagon 's consistent style of creating enemies , and its real purpose is to strive for more defense funds and to reap more profits for the mammoth industrial group of the united states .
experts said that compared with the huge us military spending , china 's defense expenditure is quite limited .
he has been a military expert in the compilation of china 's national defense white paper on many occasions , deng hongzhou said : since the 1990 's , china 's national defense expenditures have increased somewhat , but the proportion of china 's national defense expenditures in the same period has shown a downward trend .
official data show that , compared with 1979 , china 's defense spending has dropped by nearly 10 percentage points over the same period .
china 's defense spending in 2005 was 244.656 billion yuan , only about one - quarter that of the united states , and the per capita military spending of the people is only about one - sixth of that of the united states , and the per capita military spending of the servicemen is about one - third of that of the us military .
the homeland of the united states is roughly the same as china 's territory , but the difference in military spending is so huge . who exactly is the military power that exceeds the proper defense needs ? this is self - evident .
peng guangqian said :
teng jianqun , director of the research department of the china arms control and disarmament association , said that the us side should objectively evaluate china 's military construction and that china 's peaceful development does not mean that china and the united states will become adversaries in the military field in the future .
the white paper " china 's national defense in 2004 " says that china firmly follows the road of peaceful development and practices a defensive national defense policy .
in the past , china has no such thing in the future , and will not pose a threat to any country .
so far , china has not established any military bases in any other country , nor has it sent a single soldier to other countries , while the united states has over 100 military bases overseas , and has deployed over 100,000 troops in the asian region alone .
professor zhu feng of the international relations college of beijing university said : china and the united states should increase communication and exchanges through established channels , enhance understanding and mutual trust , and comprehensively promote the constructive and cooperative relations between china and the united states in the new century so as to jointly promote world peace and development .
( winter olympics ) turin winter olympics opening ceremony will be held in a passion
dublin , february 9 ( xinhua ) the 20 th winter olympics will be held at 8 : 00 p.m . local time on the evening of the 10 th at the turin olympic stadium .
on 9 august , the organizing committee of the turin winter olympics disclosed to reporters in advance the brilliant arrangements for the opening ceremony .
on the opening ceremony , kas trini , chairman of the organizing committee , expressed his confidence in the meeting . at a news conference , he said that the opening ceremony had cost up to 10 - million euros and gathered top italian talents in all fields .
he said : the night of 10 april will be unforgettable . at that time , 35,000 viewers at the conference hall and about 2 - billion viewers around the world will see the successful opening ceremony full of passion and favor .
the warm heart of the red heart is the five brains of peace and the alps mountain white snow and milk cows of alps will appear at the opening ceremony , and the director will introduce the musical conditions and the vitality of the melody and the italian style of talent will become the theme of the opening ceremony and the largest ever of history , and he will present to people the ancient italian culture with the four cultural traditions and the humanistic and peace of italy .
italian designer amani specially designed clothes for the opening ceremony , and italian fashion brand moltenskillo will provide a courtesy for the team 's attendance .
however , the famous italian man , alvaro pavarotti , will sing a song at the opening ceremony , and the organizing committee will keep this concern in the end .
eight ice - hockey players will use three meters long to spray their flames to show the burning enthusiasm , who will use the fire at a speed of 70 kilometers on the site several times .
officials of the organizing committee said that this was the most satisfactory creative work in the opening ceremony .
as for how to ignite the main torch , the organizing committee did not disclose it in advance , but the main torch stand of 57 meters will light up the dublin and residents on the nearby alps .
white house announces bush 's visit to pakistan and india in march
washington , february 9 ( xinhua ) the united states has decided to extend the arms sales to taiwan in spite of blasphemy against islamic preaching mohammed , a white house spokesman said here on thursday .
mcclellan said that bush is looking forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he also said that arrangements are being made for the visit .
mcclellan made the above remarks when he held various demonstrations in some parts of pakistan to protest blasphemy against islam .
in january this year , when bush met with pakistani prime minister aziz in the white house , both sides expressed the necessity of strengthening friendship and cooperation and jointly cracking down on terrorism that jeopardizes the security of the two countries .
bush also said that he would pay an official visit to pakistan and india in march at the invitation of the pakistani and indian governments .
hamas seeks breakthrough in cabinet formation
ramallah , february 9 ( xinhua ) hamas wants to form a cabinet to make breakthroughs
xinhua news agency , beijing , aug. 17 ,
the palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) , after winning the election of the legislature , has been working out a new government blueprint , becoming the focus of international attention .
what new policies will hamas pursue will directly affect the corresponding policy orientation of all parties concerned in the peace process .
at the same time , the resistance of the united states and israel has added variables to the prospects of the hamas government .
at present , all sides in palestine are stepping up consultations to reach consensus on the difficulties and sensitive points in the formation of the cabinet that involve the development of the situation in the future .
who will the premier 's post have left ?
after hamas won the right to form a cabinet , some people were worried that hamas prime minister might have differences with the current top leader abbas .
moreover , hamas leader marshal , who is visiting egypt , stressed that the new palestinian government , which was formed by hamas , will not recognize israel , and this strong signal has also aggravated international concern .
the united states and israel have explicitly expressed that they do not accept a hamas government that has real power , and have threatened to suspend economic aid to palestine and to hand over taxes to palestine .
however , this does not prevent hamas from making flexible strategic adjustments , and selecting the independent is a compromise policy .
it is reported that in order to obtain the international recognition as much as possible , hamas leaders at home and abroad who gathered in egypt recently decided to choose independent akashi kawahar , chairman of the board of directors of the islamic university of israel , as the new prime minister .
this move has not received any response from the parties concerned .
palestinian analysts , hussein , said that the most crucial thing is that the prime minister candidate should play down hamas 's strong flavor as much as possible , and only by so doing can the formation of the cabinet be guaranteed .
how to distribute power ?
internally , the biggest challenge facing hamas in forming a cabinet is its lack of sufficient experience in governance .
an analysis by the palestinian daily times says that hamas has gathered people 's morale through social welfare projects , but it lacks experience in governance and has no relationship with the palestinian national liberation movement ( fatah ) , which has its governing experience .
after the election , hamas proposed establishing political relations with fatah and jointly forming a national coalition government , but fatah has not given a positive response to this .
within fatah , there are different opinions on whether to enter the cabinet , and one faction advocates joining the new government and then getting something done . another faction has refused hamas , and is willing to do something active in the legislature committee .
the informed source pointed out that , through abbas 's persuasion , fatah gradually tends to join the new government .
even so , hamas and fatah will also bargain over the distribution of cabinet positions .
in addition , another way is to break away from the party affiliation outside the framework of the legislative council .
it is reported that hamas has also designed a clean and pure expert government , but the specific name is unknown .
in view of the attitude of the united states and israel , the technical expert - style government cannot be missed as a form of cabinet that relies on external pressure .
according to the provisions of the basic law of palestine , after the new legislative yuan takes office on 16 february , the work of nominating the prime minister and forming the cabinet will be completed within three to five weeks .
what course to follow in arming ?
the weapons in hamas are another thorny issue facing the formation of a new government .
the us and israel have adopted a very tough attitude and resolutely demanded that hamas give up violence and refuse to participate in politics with guns .
hamas leader mahmoud stressed on 9 may that armed resistance is the strategic choice of that organization .
the question of armed forces actually includes the legitimacy of weapons and the management of the ownership of armed forces .
hamas was elected the first largest political party in the legislative council through democratic and free means , and the armed factions of hamas lied to legalize its affiliated parties were brought into the government 's security organs .
hamas once proposed to reunify all the armed forces into the palestinian national authority , but it did not receive a broad response , and was also opposed by the palestinian islamic jihad organization ( jack ) .
palestine now has over 60,000 security personnel , and the overwhelming majority of them are from the fatah camp .
in addition , fatah also has some armed factions , such as the al-qaeda martyrs brigade , which are under loose affiliations , such as the al-zawaza martyrs brigade .
hamas , which is responsible for forming a cabinet , must reach a consensus with abbas on how to manage these armed forces that are under their own administration and reasonably distribute security management powers .
according to local media reports , abbas intends to take charge of security and intelligence units , police , and civil defense organs , while the new government 's interior ministry will be managed in a centralized manner .
however , all parties are still holding consultations on this sensitive issue , and so far no further report has been made .
china issues polar investigation report
beijing , february 10 ( xinhua ) china 's state oceanic administration ( soa ) has recently issued its 2005 china polar expedition report , which is the first time china has issued this kind of report in more than 20 years of polar scientific exploration .
the report comprehensively reflects the progress of polar scientific exploration activities in china in 2005 , which is polar exploration of logistical support science , and other such situations as the major progress and results of the polar scientific research .
according to the " report , " the " report " recorded at 22:15 hours ( beijing time ) on 9 january 2005 that the chinese antarctic expedition team successfully climbed the highest coastal icecap zone in the antarctic , and reached the site of qiong at 3:15 hours on 18 january ( beijing time ) , which set the highest point for the dome - 1 .
in the increasingly fierce international competition , the chinese people 's strong will and fearless spirit have the courage to open up new fields . first , they have conducted research on the antarctic hemisphere and achieved success at one stroke , achieving the goal of another dream of mankind in the antarctic .
sun zhihui , director of the state oceanic administration , said :
the " report " shows that on 24 march 2005 , the 21 st antarctic expedition team of china successfully completed its mission and returned to shanghai . the inspection lasted 151 days and 2,6500 nautical miles .
on 18 november of the same year , china 's 22 nd antarctic expedition team left shanghai and went to the zhongshan station in the antarctic to conduct scientific examination . it will leave zhongshan station to return to shanghai via australia before the end of february 2006 .
since it was the first time china published an polar investigation report , the " 2005 china polar exploration report " also set forth a specific policy for china 's polar exploration that started in the early 1980 s .
according to the " report , " china formally joined the " antarctic treaty " in 1983 , becoming a member of the antarctic treaty , and becoming one of the most influential countries in antarctic international organizations such as the council of directors of antarctic science research council of antarctic council of antarctic council of ministers , among others , among others .
in 1997 , china became a member of the arctic science committee and won the right to speak and make policy decisions in international polar affairs .
the " report " points out that over the past 20 - odd years , china 's polar expedition has evolved from nothing to something , and its scale has initially been formed . its three - stop , southern , polarized , polarized , scientific exploration system was formed . that is , the antarctic changcheng station , which was established in february 1985 , the antarctic , which was established in july 2004 , and the snoworange , which started to inspect
according to statistics provided in the " report , " by the end of 2005 , china had organized 22 antarctic scientific exploration schemes , with the snowflakes number two times onboard polo scientific observation stations in the arctic , and more than 3,000 people in the whole country have been surveyed to the north pole , where more than 3,000 people have visited the antarctic .
currently we are working for the establishment of the third antarctic observation station , and also china 's first antarctic inland observation station .
sun zhihui said :
after more than 20 years of effort , china 's polar exploration has occupied one place in the world 's polar exploration , but it is still far from the other countries that are making major polar exploration . we must catch up with others . we must catch up with others .
he said .
sun zhili revealed that china will publish its polar investigation report each year in the future .
castro meets chinese president on cooperation in science and education
havana , february 10 ( xinhua ) cuba 's president of the council of state castro met with chinese state councilor chen zhili on the 10th , and both sides expressed their willingness to continuously strengthen mutually beneficial cooperation in education , science and technology and other fields .
president castro warmly welcomed state councilor chen zhili on his visit to cuba .
he said : cuba and china are very friendly . there have been frequent high - level visits . this has effectively promoted and strengthened the friendship and mutual understanding between the two sides . he hoped that the two countries will continually deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in all fields , including education and science and technology .
chen said that cuba is an important country in latin america and the caribbean region .
the friendly exchanges between the chinese and cuban peoples date back to ancient times .
cuba was the first latin american country to establish diplomatic relations with new china .
in the new century , with the concern and promotion of leaders of the two countries , the two countries have increasingly deepened political mutual trust , expanded the scope of cooperation , and supported and cooperated with each other in international affairs , thus ushering in a new era in the comprehensive development of sino - cuban friendly relations .
she expressed the belief that with the joint efforts of both sides , the friendly cooperation between china and cuba will surely yield more fruitful results .
chen zhili also pointed out : the chinese government has always attached importance to exchanges and cooperation with cuba in the educational field .
in recent years , educational exchanges between the two countries have become closer and more frequent .
china actively supports the international conference held by cuba and has sent a delegation to attend the world higher education conference and the 2005 illiteracy elimination meeting .
cuba 's basic education is very high , and it is hoped that the exchange of relevant experience will be further strengthened in the future .
chen said that china and cuba have advantages in scientific and technological research and development , and can achieve mutual benefit and win - win results through cooperation in many fields .
the chinese side 's aid to cuba 's scientific research and equipment this time is aimed at playing a positive role in cuba 's scientific research and production .
she also briefed castro on china 's strategy of rejuvenating the country with science and education and the situation of the national science and technology conference .
chen zhili arrived in cuba on 9 february at the invitation of the cuban government to begin his visit to cuba .
during the visit , chen zhili met with cuban minister of higher education viktor castro and inspected the university of havana 's information science university tuersi [ name as transliterated ] middle school and st maria elementary school .
nose of sewage oil leaked on beijing - kazakhstan highway
harbin , february 11 ( xinhua ) the beijing - kazakhstan highway , 58 kilometers ( 2200 miles ) , was hit by a gas leak , which caused the closure of some road sections at about 2300 on february 10 , local police said .
according to the people 's police of the double city public security bureau 's traffic police unit , three car - collision accidents occurred in the area 58 km of the beijing - kazakhstan highway at about 2300 hours on the 10th . a passenger car and an oil tanker hit together . a crack broke out in the oil tank body and a waste oil loaded inside flowed on the road .
it is understood that the oil tanker is carrying waste oil after coke .
because the waste oil is thick and overlapping , and is afraid that the flower from the vehicles will cause a risk , the departments concerned have closed the road at the scene .
the road from harbin to shuangcheng was closed , and many vehicles bypassed .
at present , the relevant departments are cleaning up the scene and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) and ketchulu huangpu announced that italy 's 3 mortues will be listed on the market
hong kong , february 11 ( xinhua ) the hutchison whampoa company , ltd. , announced on the 11th that yan'an will implement its listing plan of telecom services company no. 3 , italy .
and the general manager of the yellow group , huo jianning , said that although the listing of all relevant regulatory agencies in italy , huo jianning had been approved , the listing process had to be completed within the next few weeks and the time was too hasty .
meanwhile , the european telecom market is weak and the market may not necessarily grant italy a matching list at this moment .
in view of the consideration of the greatest interests of the shareholders , the company decided to postpone the listing .
as to when the shares will be listed again , mr. huo said that it would depend on the future situation of the european telecommunications market .
he believes that from now to the time of the new stock offering , italy needs to launch extensive investor education activities to enable the global telecommunications investment market to have a clearer understanding of the current strong performance and favorable prospects of italy 's 3 + 3 .
according to media reports , three italian global coordinators are goldman skin , agreeing to use 420 million euros to hold 10 percent of italian shares in private matching form , and are expected to complete the deal by the end of march this year .
china , myanmar enjoy good economic ties , trade
yangon , february 12 ( xinhua ) chinese ambassador to myanmar ( tuk ) and economic and commercial counselor tang hai gave an interview to xinhua on the eve of myanmar prime minister soe win 's visit to china on the 14th . he said that the economic and trade relations between china and burma have displayed a good trend of diverse forms of mutual benefit and common development .
ambassador guan mu said : in recent years , the sino - burmese good - neighborly and friendly relations , established on the basis of the five principles of peaceful coexistence , have been consolidated and developed , exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been expanding and deepening , and economic and trade relations between the two countries have been constantly expanded and strengthened .
counselor tang hae said that the high - level visits between the two countries have effectively promoted the development of bilateral economic and trade cooperation .
during the exchange of high - level visits between the two countries in 2004 , the two sides signed 33 agreements on economic and trade cooperation , most of which are being implemented and implemented .
he said : the amount of money spent in 2004 was $ 1.14 - billion , and by 2005 reached $ 1.209 - billion , of which china 's exports were $ 935 - billion and imports were $ 274 - million .
in bilateral trade last year , the trade between yunnan and myanmar ( including border trade ) amounted to 630 million us dollars , an increase of 14.6 percent over the previous year .
tang said myanmar has become a major market for chinese enterprises to undertake contract projects , and china 's major projects in myanmar include the construction of bridges and factories of power stations , the wharves and factories ( such as the sugar - cane lumps , the shaft of the sugar - cane , and the paper mills , etc. ) .
chinese enterprises have launched engineering operations in burma , which has boosted the export of china 's various complete sets of machinery and electrical products , and myanmar has become one of the important markets for china 's export of complete sets of equipment and mechanical and electrical products .
according to chinese customs statistics , in the past five to six years , the export volume of mechanical and electrical products has accounted for about 45.0 percent of china 's total exports to burma .
counselor tang also said that myanmar is rich in resources and chinese companies have started to invest in projects of natural resources such as the nickel mine and copper mine in petroleum gas in myanmar . there is great potential for the development of sino - burmese economic and trade cooperation .
he expressed the hope that chinese enterprises will have a long - term vision , learn to avoid risks , make prudent policy decisions , establish a good business image , ensure the quality and quantity of projects , and win glory for the country .
ambassador guan mu and counselor tang hai both held that premier soe win 's upcoming official visit to china is a major event in bilateral relations this year , and is of great significance to enhancing political mutual trust , promoting bilateral cooperation , and promoting the further development of sino - burmese good - neighborly and friendly relations .
during the visit , the two sides will sign several agreements on economic and trade cooperation .
world bank to reduce debt for poorest countries
moscow , february 11 ( xinhua ) world bank president wolfowitz said in moscow on the 11th that the world bank will completely remove the debts of the poorest countries by the middle of this year .
wolfowitz held talks with finance ministers from various countries who came to attend the g - 8 finance ministers ' meeting in moscow on the same day .
in a statement issued after the meeting , he said that the world bank will implement its debt relief program before 1 july this year , and that the world bank is now completing all technical work .
last year , the world bank donor countries completely remitted the debts owed by 28 countries and indicated that they would fill the funds for the trust funds .
the debt of the imf is relatively small , and the imf has started to reduce or waive its debts by the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz 's decision on russia 's exemption of debts from 16 african countries was welcomed .
the main trend of high - tech digital television in the united states
new york , february 12 ( xinhua ) the new york stock exchange ( nu ) today saw a sharp fall in the prices of high - resolution digital television sets ( acronym in sexy ) and the market expanding , and the us television transmission agencies are stepping up their efforts to produce corresponding high - definition television programs .
the united states ' superbowl match which just ended has become a us broadcasting company that is welcoming the era of high television .
according to a recent financial times report , the us congress recently passed a bill stipulating that american broadcasting companies must stop broadcasting the current analogue television signals on 17 february 2009 and can only broadcast the digital signals .
this means that the overall digitization of the us tv programs has a clear timetable .
the popularization of high resolution digital television calls on consumers to buy tv sets on one hand , and on the other hand , it depends on the producers to provide high - definition digital programs .
while digital television has been repeatedly mentioned in the past few years , it has never become a reality .
this problem has taken a turn for the better this year .
according to the forecast of the us consumer electronics association , the volume of digital tv sets to be sold in the united states this year will exceed traditional tv sets for the first time , and 85.0 percent of the digital tv sets is high - resolution products .
japanese researchers develop new highly efficient kidney
tokyo , february 13 ( xinhua ) the japanese east china sea university researchers have developed a biomass kidney that is similar to human kidneys . it is also equipped with the function of decommissioning and retaining material elements . it is also small in size and easy to transplant . it is expected that it will bring good news to kidney - infected patients .
according to a recent report by the nihon keizai shimbun , the newly developed biomass kidneys are mainly composed of two parts , and part of the artificial treatment of stwine and water from blood is made of jack bone , while the other part is produced by the diatherine , a large part of the hypertension , and a genetic hybrid , which have returned from the blood composition of lieutenant general , jamino
the pathogens and the others ' hysterical tubes are made from the middle sky wire , and the internally of the people are still covered with the functions of decommissioning cells .
this kind of skins cells can analyze the diseases that cause many times , the associated dysnuts of the antagonistic powder , which is modified from substance to hydrogen hypertension and returned to the genetic polythosis and other mineral matter that need to be taken back to the blood .
in the past , people - made kidneys relied on the differentiation of infiltration pressure to filter xie waste , and could not completely remove it , and did not have the function of rereturning the blood components of amino acid .
researchers used the sheep to carry out bineedless transplantation experiments , using pig - based cells in the middle - sky silk wire where the human kidney was made .
two weeks later , researchers confirmed that man - made kidneys had already been able to function .
at present , they are developing and using human kidney cells , and will start working on clinical research after testing their safety .
china 's electric power industry faces serious challenges
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the state power supervision and management commission ( src ) said on the 13th that although the safety of power production remained stable in 2005 , the safe production of electricity still faced a severe challenge .
shi yubo , vice chairman of the state power supervision and management commission , said at the fifth ( enlarged ) meeting of the national electric power safety production committee held here that china 's power safety production was generally stable in 2005 , successfully fulfilled its power supply tasks during the peak and summer , achieved safe power supply , actively dealt with natural disasters , basically ensured safe and stable operation of the power system , substantially reduced the number of power safety equipment and general power grid accidents , and raised the level of
however , he pointed out that with the changes in the situation of power supply and demand and the successive use of a large number of new power generating units , the safe production of electricity will face new challenges .
these challenges include regional phenomena of supply of electricity during seasonal periods , the situation of supply and demand for electricity in some areas is still on the tight side , and the benign mechanism for electricity prices has not yet taken shape , leading to a big problem in the supply of coal . meanwhile , the problem of a drop in coal quality has not been effectively controlled , which will have a serious impact on the steady operation of power generating units , a weak structure of some power grids , and out@@
shi yubo said : with the deepening of the reform of the power system , many deep - seated contradictions will be continually exposed . how to maintain the stability of the ranks of workers and staff members and ensure that normal production order will become a new problem facing us .
in view of the work of safe production of electric power in 2006 , shi yubo said : we should further strengthen basic work in managing production safety in electric power , speed up the establishment and improvement of an emergency management mechanism for power safety , enhance the ability to deal with sudden incidents , strengthen coordination and cooperation in the power network , jointly safeguard the safety of the power system , continue to do a good job in supervising and managing the safety of the dam of the hydropower station , ensure safety in
it is understood that in connection with the new situation in power safety management , the china telecommunications regulatory commission will revise and improve the " provisional regulations on investigating power generation accidents " promulgated this year . meanwhile , relevant documents on safety of the hydropower stations and the safety and protection of power second systems will be distributed successively this year .
electricity consumption for the whole society of china in 2005 reached 246.89 - billion kilowatt - hours , an increase of 13.45 percent over the same period of last year .
in the face of the situation of power supply and demand being still tight , and the contradiction between coal , electricity , oil , and transport being conspicuous , all power enterprises earnestly adopted effective measures to strengthen equipment management . there was no exceptionally large equipment accidents in the country 's power production last year .
there were 74 power grids , a decrease of 127 accidents , and 427 equipment accidents , a decrease of 132 cases .
south african envoy to china said that there is no such thing as the organization of crimes committed by chinese citizens
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) south african embassy in china has been working with china to promote the development of bilateral relations , said minister of foreign affairs and trade of zambia , who is in charge of the south african embassy in china , in an interview with xinhua on the 13th .
he also said that the south african government will do its best to crack down on all forms of criminal activities .
he said the south african government hopes to reduce the crime rate to zero , and hopes that every foreigners working in south africa will enjoy the safety of life and property of their citizens .
since 2006 , four chinese citizens have been killed in south africa , and the chinese world has expressed extensive concern over this .
the chinese foreign ministry has made representations to the south african side on this matter and reminded chinese nationals in south africa to further enhance their awareness of safety and prevention , and the chinese nationals residing in south africa should strengthen unity and friendship and cooperate with the police in cracking down on criminal activities .
we express the most sincere sympathy and condolences to the victims ' family members .
fu kangning said : we are sorry for this and ask the chinese people to believe that the south african government is seriously investigating every case involving china .
according to the chinese embassy in south africa , the south african police have successfully cracked a case of the murder of chen jianqing , a chinese fujian woman , on february 5 in south africa , and a suspect has been arrested .
the police are now hunting for another suspect .
according to the south african embassy in china , the criminal suspect who was suspected of shooting hong kong businessmen was arrested by south african police in january this year and the victim 's property has been recovered .
on the possible impact of the killing of chinese citizens , fu kangning believed that these incidents indeed would have a great impact on the trade between the two countries as well as exchanges in other fields . some negative impacts on exchanges in other fields , but from a long - term point of view , the impact should not be considered as big ones .
according to the south african embassy tourism commissioner nelson , the embassy has provided more than 2,000 chinese to south africa in the first 15 days of this year .
according to chinese official statistics , south africa will continue to maintain china 's position as the biggest trading partner of africa in 2005 .
the bilateral trade volume reached $ 7.27 billion , up 23.0 percent .
however , people in the tourism industry believe that the continuous killing of chinese citizens in 2004 has a significant impact on the number of chinese tourists going to south africa .
according to the statistics of the south african tourism bureau , there were 20,331 chinese tourists to south africa in the first half of 2005 , a decrease of 14.9 percent over the same period last year .
currently , about 200,000 chinese living in south africa are living in the towns and villages in south africa .
analysts here believe that the gap between the rich and the poor in south africa , the high unemployment rate , and the flood of guns , and the crime rate is high .
because many chinese do not understand english and have cash at home , it is more likely that they will become targets of the criminal elements ' financial attacks .
hk promotes learning and training in english
hong kong , february 13 ( xinhua ) the english festival , launched by the hong kong sar government on saturday , aims to raise the english proficiency of employees .
this good english language , rich life , and nut - oriented project , including promoting english language learning and training through a series of promotional activities , and enhancing understanding of how employers can help employees improve their english proficiency .
so far , the scheme has provided about 25,000 people with the necessary funding for workplace english training , enabling them to reach the benchmark of the relevant workplace english benchmark for hong kong .
hong kong 's occupational english campaign was launched by the sar government in 2000 .
one important project of the workplace english campaign is the provision of the workplace english training scheme .
the programme aims to help employees who need to use english in their work to pass the english language training and to attend the specified international business english examination ( iec ) to meet the workplace english standards required by their respective employment categories .
hebei tests on aids are free of charge
shijiazhuang , february 14 ( xinhua ) the hebei provincial health department recently issued a " hebei province aids consultation and testing program for voluntary consultation " ( trial ) , which clearly stipulates the implementation of the principle of free sampling and voluntary aids prevention , and hopes to discover as many patients and patients as possible to the largest extent the number of people infected with aids and patients , and further implement the prevention intervention measures and the policy of eliminating guanwei .
the " program " has defined the principles of hebei province 's voluntary consultation and examination of aids : hiv - aids antibody testing and consultation are free , and hiv antibody testing and consultation and information concurrence are voluntary and known ; hiv antibody testing and consultation and security consultation are not conducted on relevant behaviors of the persons seeking to be consulted ;
the program requires that the aids consultation and examination points should be set up at convenient locations for the consultation , and that there should be separate rooms for the protection of the sellers ' privacy , so that they can provide one - on - one consultation .
the choice of advisers should fully consider the quality of individuals , the knowledge and the ability to exchange information .
to protect the privacy of the consulting , the checking leaflets can be registered with the code or number .
the " plan " also requires that the health administration departments at and above the county level should publicize the medical and health institutions and the telephone numbers of the consultation organizations that are responsible for voluntary aids inspection in their own regions to facilitate the masses to understand the relevant information .
the ministry of public security still focuses on the work of extorting confessions by torture
beijing , february 14 ( xinhua ) the police force of the ministry of public security , the ministry of public security , said here today that the so - called " non - suitable " method should be used to make criminal suspects suffer from the menu situation in china .
the focus of the work of the supervision departments is also to prevent these problems from happening .
he also pointed out that some international organizations do not have a correct understanding of the law enforcement situation of the chinese police .
the latest information provided by the ministry of public security on 14 april shows that in 2002 , the ministry of public security issued the " rules on the registration of public security organs ' detention measures " and the " provisions on the application of continuing interrogations by public security organs " , thus better ensuring that grassroots public security organs apply the measures for continuing interrogations according to law .
since 1997 , in order to promote deep - rooted control of three types of chemicals , namely , curbing practices of indiscriminate use of firearms and police and abusing coercive measures , public security organs ' inspectors have persistently gone deep into police stations , police stations , police traffic police stations , and public security supervision and control places on the frontline of grass - roots units , conducting a thorough investigation on law enforcement matters related to citizens ' safety rights , and remind them of the loop@@
in order to prevent law enforcement from the source , police supervision departments have further expanded the tentacle of law enforcement inspectors , and have increased the measures for detecting interrogations on cases of traffic police from the discovery of 110 cases of instances involving cases of armed police officers involving cross - examination of cases involving cross - examination cases involving cross - examination of cases involving cross - examination cases of crimes and theft of motor vehicle information .
prc 's sun yun - suan dies of illness in taipei
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) according to information from taipei , sun yun - hsuan , who was honorary chairman of the taiwan strait exchange foundation , suffered from acute heart failure and bloody shock caused by acute heart failure in the early morning of the 15th , died of illness in taipei .
sun yun - hsuan was born on 11 november 1913 in penglai , shandong province , and graduated from the electrical engineering department of harbin industrial university .
he is a member of the 10 th to 13 th central committee of the kuomintang , member of the 12 th central standing committee of the 11th cpc central committee and member of the presidium of the 14 th central advisory committee appraisal committee of the jiao central committee , and member of the 15 th central committee appraisal committee .
chen shui - bian , who was the head of taiwan 's nuke transportation department and the minister of economy , has served as head of taiwan 's executive yuan .
heilongjiang promotes evaluation of songhua river water pollution ecological environment and countermeasures
harbin , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to cut the flow of ice and ice layers into the river in order to ensure the dry period of the songhua river and the melting of ice layers .
this reporter has learned from the heilongjiang provincial environmental protection bureau that the shahehua river pollution incident ecological impact assessment and countermeasures , which was organized by the state environmental protection administration , has identified 15 special topics , divided into the event 's sandwich impact assessment and the comprehensive evaluation of the human body 's healthy concentration technology , and arranged for three stages of the project .
currently , heilongjiang province has a total of over 60 scientific research institutes and has undertaken 14 technical research tasks .
according to presentations , the environmental protection department and relevant scientific research institutions will conduct research on five special topics , namely , the research on the environment for emergency response evaluation and countermeasures for incidents , in an effort to first solve the environmental problems that the masses are most concerned about .
the main control measures include the following : controlling the concentration of surface pollutants and projecting total pollution from the outside world , the pollution incidents have caused a risk impact on the consumption safety of water from the two sides of the chang jiang and the safety of underground water supply and underground water supply on the two sides of the chang jiang .
heilongjiang province 's environmental protection department will also intensify environmental monitoring along the songhua river and strictly investigate and deal with environmental pollution incidents caused by illegal waste discharge and illegal construction .
heilongjiang will send environmental law enforcement personnel to supervise and guide various localities in carrying out comprehensive environmental rectification for small river valleys and improving the environmental management system for the branch rivers such as the lulan river and tangwanghe .
beijing university expresses condolences over wang xunxuan 's remarks
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the world economy is expected to grow by about 10 percent in the next century , after a few days of tight planning , said an academician wang xuan , who is located in the memorial hall of the centenary of beijing university .
at about 0800 hours , the opening time of the hall has not yet arrived . dozens of people outside the hall have already lined up a long line .
the reporter saw this reporter in the hall to commemorate the centennial of beijing university that black horizontal streamers were hung on the wall of the hall : grievous mourning for academician wang xuan
below the horizontal scroll is a huge portrait of wang xuan , who was over 10 square meters . he was wearing glasses , smiling on his face , and elegant in air .
the remains of the dead were placed on both sides of the potted trees , with dozens of wreaths placed on both sides .
one of the relics of the wreath was : qin shaohua was built on tang shaohua 's foundation , and did not send lead and greet the brightness of the contemporary telegraph .
the hall was filled with a laze of sorrow and a heavy atmosphere .
among the commemorative crowd were leaders of beijing university and teachers and students , friends of academician wang chose friends from fellow wang , and many people who had no knowledge about him also rushed to the scene .
some of them held flowers in their hands , some carried flowers in their hands , and all of them wore small white flowers in their chest , slowly walked into the portrait of academician wang xuan , bowing their ambition .
many people could not help but tears .
zhang wenbin , who was once director of the state administration of cultural heritage , was an old alumnus of beijing university . he told the reporter that more than 10 years ago , he was still working in henan province and asked professor wang xuan to give a report on scientific and technological innovation to provincial party committee cadres .
academician wang chose the person as a curative student and was a model that we learn from . he made great contributions to the country and society , and the people will never forget him .
professor jin ruilin from the law school of beijing university and wang daochang , an old friend whom wang had chosen for more than 40 years .
he was just discharged a few days ago and insisted on saying goodbye to his old friend today .
mr. jin said in the album that he could not suppress his grief and his ears had been wiped out many times with paper .
he told the reporter that professor wang xuan 's life was very frugal and he was already a professor when he lived in tong 's garden . he has already made very great achievements , but he is still living in a very small flat for many years .
later , he moved to chengzegao and lived in 70 to 80 square meters .
the university gave him an academician 's building in the blue - chip camp and a large house of over 140 square meters . he did not want to , and the high - level housing provided by fangzheng building , he did not want to beg .
mr. jin recalled with deep feeling that during his overseas visit , wang xuan had to pay a very high salary to him , but he resolutely declined .
at the beginning of the year , he insisted on not applying for the academician , and only after several mobilization by mr. zhou peiyuan was there to fill out the meter .
mr. jang jin was deeply moved by wang xuan 's attitude toward the cultivation of young people . he himself stressed many times that now , he still has some achievements to look at , not from my own , but from nurturing young people .
mr. jin said : when he was 50 years old , wang xuan began to nurture young people . he had always stressed that we should pave the way and allow young people to make a way for them .
tokpakum , for a very successful scientist , is not easy .
this reporter has learned from the beijing university press center that from 0900 on 15 february to 12:00 noon on 19 february , every day from 0900 to 1600 hours , the mourning hall of academician wang xuan is open to the public and has been given a mourning mourning by people from all walks of life .
the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] , which is known as the one in modern times , professor wang xuan , an academician of the chinese academy of sciences , the third world academy of engineering , has chosen beijing university professor wang xuan , who has no medical treatment due to illness , died of illness at 11:33 february in beijing hospital .
china 's npc , chile establish mechanism for exchanges
wu bangguo attended the signing ceremony and signed the agreement .
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) wu bangguo , chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) , attended a meeting of the signing ceremony of the agreement on the establishment of political dialogue between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament at the great hall of the people on the afternoon of the 15th .
the exchange mechanism between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament has been officially established .
it is understood that chilean senate president romero and house speaker asismail asios recently signed the agreement in the chilean capital of santiago .
according to the agreement , the two sides will establish a sino - chilean political dialogue relationship in accordance with the principles set forth in the communique on the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and chile . the two sides will set up a dialogue committee and hold regular meetings in turn to jointly promote the comprehensive development of bilateral relations .
chilean ambassador to china kafirala and others attended the signing ceremony .
china to protect information network dissemination rights
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) many websites are now undergoing massive reprint of newspapers and magazines , which are based on news reports , but many of them have not been authorized and have not paid suchuki for the cost of paying the fees . wang ziqiang , director of the copyright bureau , said at a press conference held by the information office of the state council on the 15th .
wang ziqiang said : according to the current laws , as long as the authors do not do what they say can do what they do , the authors do not make declarations that they do not make what they do . at the same time , they have to pay for the work without the consent of the authors . the state copyright bureau has specially formulated the standards for reprinting and paying the newspaper and periodical reproduction in accordance with the law .
however , according to the current law , the newspaper and periodical publishing houses enjoy the right to which the legal permit is granted , and the internet currently does not enjoy the right to which the legal license is granted .
according to relevant judicial explanations made by the supreme people 's court , the method of using the newspaper to reprint legal permission can be applied to the internet , that is , short articles published on newspaper and periodical internet , and the author can not make such statement on the internet , but can not use it without permission . at the same time , it should pay remuneration .
however , since judicial interpretations do not have any provisions on the pay standards , there is no reward for the use of these works on the internet .
regarding the use of these short works on the internet , is it applicable to these published short works , and still needs to be determined from the legal level .
wang ziqiang said : do you include it into the scope set by the law and also wait to confirm this year 's regulations on protecting the right to spread information networks ?
russia says georgia 's decision not to affect russian peacekeeping
moscow , february 15 ( xinhua ) russia has decided to send a military delegation to the united states to help the peacekeeping force in the country in a short period of time , said russian defense ministry news official sergei duoy dushev here on thursday
the russian state duma ( lower house of parliament ) affairs committee chairman koshin spoke on the same day on the georgian parliament 's resolution on the russian peacekeeping forces , saying that this resolution would undermine the stability of the situation in the region and would have an unfavorable impact on russian - georgian relations .
he stressed : the georgian parliament resolution has further aggravated relations between russia and georgia .
he said that georgia 's accusations against russia are absurd .
the georgian parliament passed a resolution on the same day , urging russian peacekeeping forces to stop their peacekeeping activities in south ossetia , but did not set a specific deadline for the withdrawal of russian peacekeeping troops .
georgia condemns russian peacekeeping personnel for not fulfilling their stipulated obligations and regards russia 's actions in the conflict areas as part of its attempt to swallow the territory of georgia .
the georgian parliament has urged the government to take positive action to consider stationing of peacekeeping troops in the region of the south ossetia conflict to replace the current peacekeeping activities in the region .
the georgian parliament also ordered the government to revise the relevant agreements on the stationing of russian peacekeeping personnel in the area of conflict .
south ossetia is an autonomous prefecture in georgia and borders the republic of north ossetia .
after the breakup of the former soviet union , it declared independence on its own and was in a state of confrontation with the central government for a long time .
at present , russia has a 500 - member peacekeeping camp in the region .
the unit is based on the military field of the southern section of the north ockswa , north ossetia of russia in 1992 .
the liaoyuan hospital 's fire - fighting four persons responsible for the fire will be prosecuted for the crime of major responsibility
changchun , february 16 ( xinhua ) the coal mine gas explosion at the liaoyuan city center hospital in jilin province has been identified by the investigation group , which has identified 11 persons responsible for the fire , including the head of the hospital 's electrical engineering squad , zhang diankun and four others , who will be charged for the crime of major responsibility .
on 15 december 2005 , the largest hospital in liaoyuan city , luke hospital , was in a fire , which eventually killed 39 people .
in the fire , the fire area exceeded 5,000 square meters .
it is understood that this is the first major accident in the medical and health system nationwide since the founding of new china .
according to investigations , at around 16:30 on the day of the incident , the liaoyuan city center hospital suddenly stopped electricity . according to the circuit design of the hospital , if the power supply is suspended , the switch box circuit will automatically jump to the deputy gate , continue to maintain normal power supply at the hospital . however , the electric gate did not jump automatically , and the electrical engineering squad leader zhang diankun forcibly sent the electricity without finding
and the smoke - driven underground cables , more than 10 cables were wrapped together in an unsystematic manner , and such cables should be laid in a very tidy manner and the fire - prevention layer should be installed .
therefore , the 57 - year - old zhao yongchun , head of the electrical and mechanical installation division of liaoyuan city textile company , retired cadre of liaoyuan electric bureau ( senior engineer ) , sun fenglin , retired from liaoyuan city center hospital , and returned to the employment of personnel jin chengtaii , to be prosecuted for the crime of major responsibility - related incidents .
guizhou first tour of china 's rural travel to tin lung
guiyang , february 16 ( xinhua ) a coal mine in the county of pingba county of guizhou province was hit by a festive mood on the morning of the 16th , with its faces filled with joy .
at 1030 , after the five - year - old activities ended , 80 - year - old veteran zheng peiqin , who is wearing a long - coloured shirt , sounded the first gong of the first tour of guizhou in china 's rural areas .
tin lung tsun pok village is a typical representative of guizhou 's village tourism development and a national village tourism demonstration point .
as a member of the future of the tuen mun army , which is the year of the ming dynasty , the nut of the people has been a history of more than 600 years .
here , you can see how you dress in the big bandwidth and blue robes , the ancient han culture and the dress are preserved in the village .
it is understood that tianlong village relied on this cultural and traditional advantage to develop rural cultural tourism from 2002 onwards . in 2005 alone , the ticket ticket income reached 3.8 - million yuan . over 477 percent of rural households in the village participated in the sale of tourist products through catering , catering , catering , and transportation of commodities , and so on . the average peasant income has increased from more than 1,300 yuan in 2002 to 2640 yuan in 2005 .
yang shengming , director of the guizhou provincial tourism bureau , said that after the first tour of tianlong , the new rural tourism series based on new rural tourism experience of new passion and new odour will become the themes , and the various rural tourism activities launched in various parts of guizhou this year will reach 35 .
so far , more than 130 villages and villages have launched various village tourism projects in guizhou . by 2005 , more than 600,000 peasant households in the province had extricated themselves from poverty through developing tourism .
in january , housing prices in 70 cities in the country rose 5.5 percent , while in shanghai housing prices continued to slide .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the total number of houses in 70 large and medium - sized cities in the country rose by 5.5 percent in january , down by 0.7 percentage points from the previous month .
shanghai 's house prices continued to slide .
the national development and reform commission statistics bureau of shaanxi province released data on 16 november , showing that most of the residential housing sales prices in 70 large and medium - sized cities increased slightly in january this year compared with the same period of last year , while the prices of shanghai 's housing sales continued to slide slightly by 0.4 percent .
the same - calibre statistics show that in the first quarter of last year , shanghai 's housing sales prices rose by 19.1 percent over the same period of last year , and a turning point appeared later . in the second half of last year , the market saw a slight decline in the same period of last year .
in january this year , the price of newly built houses in 70 large and medium - sized cities rose 6.9 percent year on year , 0.2 percentage points lower than the rate of increase in the previous month .
the number of new commercial housing units in dalian was 18.9percent , and the rate of increase of 10.07 percent in shenzhen 10.1 percent in cities of zongxing , guangdong province was 9.110 percent , compared with the same period last year . shanghai 's housing prices dropped 3.1 percent .
the central organization department has called for further intensifying supervision over the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres and cadres
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the organization department of the cpc central committee recently printed and distributed opinions on strengthening supervision over cadres .
the " opinions " urged the organization departments at all levels to proceed from strict management and care for cadres , and carry out cadre supervision throughout all links of cadre cultivation , evaluation of cadres , selection and appointment of cadres in daily management , establish and improve the supervision mechanism for preventing and detecting cases in good time , and earnestly strengthen supervision over the selection and appointment of leading cadres and cadres .
the opinions pointed out : the main tasks of cadre supervision in the organization departments are : first , supervision over leading bodies and leading cadres should be exercised . the focus should be on strengthening supervision over the principal responsible persons of leading bodies . second , supervision over the selection and appointment of leading party and government cadres . the focus should be on the supervision and inspection of the implementation of the " regulations on the selection and appointment of leading party and government cadres . "
in supervising leading bodies and leading cadres , the opinion points out that it is necessary to unremittingly pay attention to education on ideals and convictions and education on combating corruption and advocating honesty , make education part of the training , selection , promotion , management , and supervision of cadres , guide and urge leading cadres to strengthen the cultivation of party spirit , persist in building the party for the people , and build a strong ideological and moral defense line of resisting corruption and guarding against degeneration .
when talking about newly promoted cadres in their posts , they should set clear demands on honesty and self - discipline .
we should urge leading bodies at all levels to uphold democratic centralism , establish and improve rules and procedures for discussion of matters , and seriously implement the system of combining collective leadership with individual responsibility for division of labor .
we should give prominence to the supervision of the principal responsible persons of leading bodies , and the responsible persons of organization ( personnel ) departments should often talk with the principal responsible persons of lower levels in their heart and understand the situation in their talk on ideological work and work style .
we should establish and improve the system of day - to - day management and supervision of leading cadres , regularly understand and analyze the ideological and work style of the leading cadres , and put forward opinions and measures for solving problems .
leading cadres should be admonished and admonished with statements and letters to inquire into any problems that may lead to the occurrence of such problems .
the outstanding problems reported by the masses should be investigated and understood conscientiously , and criticism and education should be conducted on the basis of the merits of the problems . the problems should be handled by the relevant organization and the relevant organization .
at the same time , we should combine strengthening supervision with encouraging cadres to boldly explore new ways and blaze new trails , and pay attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the " opinions " urged : organization ( personnel ) departments at all levels should effectively strengthen supervision over the work of selecting and appointing leading party and government cadres .
further improve the system for recommending candidates for appointment to competition , examination of appointment of cadres , discussion of competition , and other links , strictly do a good job in selecting and appointing cadres , and do solid work with the people 's trust and trust in the selection of cadres at various levels in order to secure the backing of the work of the masses .
we should strengthen the inspection of the enforcement of the regulations on appointing cadres , strictly investigate and deal with violations of the regulations on appointing cadres , and resolutely check unhealthy trends and corrupt practices in the appointment of cadres .
the state has implemented a system of supervising and inspecting the use of people in serious violation of regulations , and has intensified supervision , handling , and investigation .
we should establish and perfect the system of investigating and affixing responsibility for selecting and appointing cadres , and scientifically define the contents of responsibilities for the principal body of responsibility in all links in the work of selecting and appointing cadres in accordance with the principle of unanimity in power and responsibility , and clearly define the methods of holding people accountable .
we should give full play to the role of supervision by the masses and establish a sound safety and efficient reporting mechanism .
we should give full play to the role of supervision by public opinion , report to the media on the relevant situation in selecting and appointing cadres in a timely manner , and accept supervision by public opinion .
the opinions pointed out : we should further improve the mechanism for coordinating and coordinating cadre supervision work .
organization ( personnel ) departments should strengthen their cooperation with discipline inspection organs and establish a system of work communication with discipline inspection organs on the work of improving the party style and building a clean and honest administration of cadres so as to enhance the joint force of supervision .
they should work with discipline inspection organs to conscientiously do a good job in the inspection work , improve the inspection methods , improve the inspection system , and improve the quality of inspection .
in coordination with auditing organs , we have conscientiously implemented the system of auditing leading cadres ' economic responsibilities .
we should improve the internal supervision mechanism for the selection and appointment of cadres in organization departments .
taiwan authorities accuse mainland of violating regulations , imposing heavy fines on high - tech enterprises
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the taiwan authorities ' economic affairs department decided on the 15th to mete out punishment to the lianhua electronics joint - stock company limited ( tuumma ) , one of the two taiwanese administrations , on the 15th , for the purpose of providing assistance to establish companies on the mainland in violation of regulations .
taiwan 's chung - kuo shih - pao reported that this policy is one of chen shui - bian 's policies on cross - strait economic and trade relations , which are active management but effective in opening up to the outside world , and the taiwan authorities have meted out punishment to taiwan businessmen investing on the mainland .
according to reports , taiwanese people in taiwan 's + taiwanese economy committee who voted for the trial said that the united microelectronics corp was fined because it violated the regulations on cross - strait relations and the rules on allowing taiwanese investment or technological cooperation in mainland china .
in the future , the + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
the ultra - synchronous power case started in february 2005 when the taiwanese prosecutor department used up as many as 100 people to conduct surprise checks on the homes and offices of many senior people , claiming that united microelectronics was suspected of investing in the mainland and illegally providing fund - raising and human resources in 1995 .
cao xingcheng , then chairman of the united microelectronics , said openly that the united microelectronics company had not violated any regulations of the taiwan authorities and that the united microelectronics company 's provision of assistance to hejian technology was for the sake of the long - term interests of united microelectronics . if it did not enter the mainland market as soon as possible , it would lose its business opportunities .
later , taiwan authorities ' tubbbbacher supervision committee , on the grounds of violating the regulations on disclosure of commercial information , fined nt $ 3 - million to united microelectronics .
on 9 january 2006 , the board of directors of the united microelectronics accepted the resignation of cao xingcheng . in a few hours , cao xingcheng was formally indicted for suspected involvement in illegal investment in the mainland .
the united microelectronics corp ( called taiwanese cutler ) , which also claimed that taiwan 's chip qusu - hsiung is taiwan 's leading hi - tech enterprises .
the one - year investigation and handling of the taiwan authorities ' joint power company has attracted great attention from all circles on the island .
2 nd myth in my heart of macao 's silhoueton competition opens to chinese worldwide
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the second leather festival of the hungarian festival in macao 's heart announced here on the 17th that it is a " bustling " theme in my heart to take part in the competition .
the event was jointly organized by the macao foundation and the baihua literature and art publishing house , " the outer edition of the proverb , " and chen jiangong , vice chairman of the chinese writers association , and others as directors of the appraisal committee .
in 2004 , the fifth anniversary of macao 's return to the motherland , the first ever competition of the popular literature from macao in my heart , was held . in response , over 8,000 entries were received by the organizing committee , and more than a dozen of winners from both at home and abroad were invited to the macao sar to receive awards .
on the 17th , at a news conference , wu zhiliang , executive member of the macao foundation , said that the list of the world 's cultural heritage of macao 's history city was included in the world heritage list last year . this not only has won the approval of the world 's pattern in life and community management over the years of macao people , but also means that the traditional chinese nation , love and friendship , have been inherited and developed in macao 's macao special administrative region , and the macao
wu said that it is precisely under such a good cultural atmosphere that the macao foundation and the baihua arts and cultural publishing house have decided to cooperate in holding the second edition of the john swap in my heart , hoping that the participants will show their patriotic feelings and the outstanding aesthetics of macao and the unique humanistic atmosphere and the sar 's stability and auspiciousness , and further establish a distinct image of macao 's culture .
according to presentations , the " foreign edition of the proverb will open up special columns to select entries on 1 september this year .
the results of the selection will be announced and a ceremony will be held in the macao sar in early 2007 .
shandong successfully implements a heart transplant operation
jinan , february 17 ( xinhua ) the jinan military region 's cardiovascular disease research institute recently successfully performed a heart transplant operation .
on the 17th , the reporter saw in the intensive care room that the 51 - day after the operation was full of red - light , with all monitoring and inspection indicators having passed the critical period of the operation steadily and with great interest playing the toys that the medical personnel bought from him .
according to the doctor who received the medical treatment that day , the patient from taian village of shandong was taken to hospital by his parents . he was purple and had difficulty in breathing . through the examination , he was diagnosed with a cyanosis - a congenital heart and was required to carry out heart transplant .
the heart transplant operation is the most difficult and most complicated surgery in heart surgery .
in particular , the heart transplant operation of the infant under one year is still empty in china .
the cardiovascular disease research institute of the jinan military region organized experts to repeatedly verify and verify the incident , carefully designed the operation and post - care plan , made independent innovation of the method of blood vessel conformity , and conducted animal experiments .
at 8 : 00 am on december 28 , 2005 , the surgery officially began .
the heart was given to a patient who was suffering from a sudden heart failure due to the innate lung growth and poor breathing .
the operation must coincide with six blood vessels , which are more than 510 nets , and the length of each needle is less than 3 millimeters .
the operation was a complete success after 295 minutes .
state administration of safety supervision : curbing frequent accidents in coal mines and other major accidents top priority this year
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) four incidents occurred one after another in which more than 100 people were killed in the mine accident , and the grim situation in national production safety has caused serious accidents in coal mines and other extraordinarily serious accidents to occur in this year 's national safety supervision work .
the reporter learned from the state administration of production safety on 17 july that it is necessary to effectively check the frequent occurrence of extraordinarily serious accidents , such as coal mines , and the most important ones .
the state administration of safety supervision will handle the following three matters well this year :
bachet continues to fight a war of tackling tough problems .
gas treatment this year must be based on the ferocious field that has been taken before it is picked up .
if the gas mine does not take out the cushion of the mine before it is picked up , it must order it to stop production immediately according to law .
bow continues to fight a tough battle in rectification and closing .
we must make public the 5243 of the areas that have been publicly announced , plus the 700 - plus mine pits recently reported recently in various places , a point that has been closed down .
we should regard closing down as a regular task and continuously close down those mines that undermine the natural resources environment and do not have safety conditions .
toxicab strengthened basic management .
it is necessary to immediately correct plague control of a small number of large state - owned mines and establish a standardized safety management system .
in particular , we must not allow super - intensity coal mines with excessive intensity to produce personnel .
this year 's production safety control index demands that the number of deaths of various types of accidents in the country dropped by 3 % over last year , of which coal mines dropped by 3.5 % .
the extraordinarily serious accidents that killed more than 10 people should have been reduced by 5 percent , of which coal mines dropped by 7 percent .
these control quotas have been assigned to provincial - level people 's governments , and all localities are moving to grassroots units and enterprises in different levels .
statistics show that in 2005 , 5986 miners were killed in coal mine accidents , a drop of 0.77 percent over the same period last year .
however , an extraordinarily serious accident involving more than 10 people killed in the accident came to light and the number of people killed in the accident increased by 66.6 percent .
( international ) barroso urges all parties to make compromise in kosovo 's future status
belgrade , february 17 ( xinhua ) proshefsky , the president of the european commission , met here on the 17 th in the capital of proshefsky , kosovo , hoping that all parties concerned will make compromise and prepare for the final establishment of a democratic and multi - ethnic integration .
barroso met with president of the provisional authority of kosovo serbs kosovo on the same day and told the media that all parties concerned in kosovo should take a lenient attitude and establish a democratic and multi - ethnic kosovo , a kosovo that respects the government 's political power and protects the rights and interests of ethnic minorities , and the international community has recognized it .
he also stressed that the european commission will do its best to help kosovo 's development .
barroso also expressed his appreciation for kosovo 's current efforts to implement the eight standards set by the un for the kosovo democratic process .
he said that the implementation of these standards is a key factor affecting the integration of kosovo and europe .
he also called on all serbian people in kosovo to join various organizations in kosovo in order to make positive contributions to the realization of democracy and the integration of multiple nationalities .
barroso arrived in the kosovo capital of pristina on the same day for a one - day visit .
before this , barroso visited croatia and serbia and montenegro and will also visit macedonia 's albania and bosnia - herzegovina .
( winter olympics doping ) news analysis : there is likely to be no end for the incident of sending a serbia and montenegro .
turin , february 17 ( xinhua ) the incident of sending a sera may be unsettled
xinhua news agency , beijing , april 28 ,
although italy repeatedly ordered that during the turin winter olympics , the number of athletes who were found to be using stimulants may be faced with the catastrophic mores , judging from various circumstances , this situation could not possibly occur in the first case of stimulant scandal in the first ever rising olympics , and the two russian winter champion aurea , audippa , who is the principal player of the russian winter indo .
turin winter olympics exploded on the 16th , the first doping scandal since its opening , and o'leava was found to have used many banned drugs .
the international olympic committee announced the next day that it had sent leva out of the winter olympics , and that the 15 - kilometer individual women 's 15 - kilometer personal games she had received in this winter olympics have also been taken away .
the international winter monument alliance made a decision on the same day to mete out punishment for the two years of the ban .
the ioc has always stipulated that athletes who have been found to be using stimulants at the olympic games will be disqualified and not subject to legal sanctions .
however , according to italian law , the act of carrying and using stimulants is a criminal act , and the judiciary has the right to directly arrest and investigate stimulants , and the person who defends the law will face three months to three years ' imprisonment .
last december , the ioc and the italian government , through a year of quagmire , finally reached an agreement after suffering a price back to each other . both sides agreed to handle the incident of athletes using stimulants according to italian law during the current winter olympics .
thanks to the unremitting efforts of the international olympic committee , italy made a concession four days before the opening of the winter olympics and promised that the police would not go into the olympic village to search for the place where the athletes are staying . however , athletes who have been tested positive for the medication will still be investigated by the italian procuratorial organs .
it is reported that the italian government monitors the turin winter olympics , persian krishnan , has handed over the doping incident that sent leva to the duan procuratorial organ .
however , the ioc and petersburg themselves have not yet confirmed the matter .
russian winter team doctor andemiyov revealed at noon on the 17th that he had sent his family to turin and return to china .
he has been a member of the world anti - doping agency for many years , and is of the view that once he sent leva back to china , this matter may eventually be too weak .
shi kangcheng said that the ioc and the italian government have never been treated with regard to the issue of the fight against the promotion of the winter olympics . even the italian procuratorial organs have been able to get involved in this matter , it is hard to say .
in the past , the italian government imposed fines on the use of stimulant in its own athletes , and the most serious punishment for the banned is still the heterosexual implementation of two years ' imprisonment in matches .
therefore , italian anta news agency senior reporter pieri said that the possibility of sending leva into prisons is somewhat isolated and the top is fine .
pierre also said that although the italian court could have a hearing of the absence , the italian police could not possibly have taken away the release of leva from abroad to serve the sentence .
if the leava refuses to accept the verdict , italy will have no way to take it .
news roundup : new epidemic sites continue to emerge in countries around the world
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the bird flu epidemic has further spread in the african continent , according to a news report from xinhua .
the world health organization confirmed on the 17th that three areas in egypt have found bird flu dead .
in europe , france also discovered for the first time the virus of the fifth type of bird flu virus , and europe has been highly vigilant and strengthened epidemic prevention measures .
hassan bush , who 's advisor to the eastern mediterranean region , told the press in egypt on the 17th that currently , in cairo in central egypt and three regions in the southern minya , there have been confirmed cases of human cases of avian influenza virus infected 5specimens , and the egyptian government departments concerned have slaughtered poultry suspected to have contracted the bird flu .
the experts pointed out that egypt is an important channel for the migratory birds in the middle east and north africa , and it is highly possible that the avian flu virus can be brought into the country by migratory birds .
egypt has announced a ban on the import of live poultry from abroad and has stepped up quarantine at border ports .
a chinese - born chicken farm in the capital of cameroon has found more than 800 chickens dead in the past week .
cameroon has decided to suspend all poultry and pork imports from nigeria where the bird flu has occurred , and suspend all poultry and related products trade in all markets along the border of the two countries .
the cameroon government has also set up a network of epidemic monitoring covering the entire area in a short period of time , and the basde center and national veterinary laboratory in the country have been in a state of emergency awaiting orders to facilitate laboratory on 5methane 1 virus at any time .
in europe , denmark and sweden , the epidemic was initially ruled out on 17 july .
the swedish veterinary institute released a laboratory test on the dead swan discovered this wednesday , indicating that the swans in sweden have no bird flu virus .
preliminary laboratory results from the danish national veterinary administration also showed that the 30 dead swan found in denmark recently were not infected with the avian influenza virus .
however , the agriculture ministry said denmark should not take it lightly .
romania has reported nine bird flu - like bird flu outbreaks in eastern europe since the beginning of this year , and experts from the world health organization said in bucharest on the 17th that bird flu has been found almost everywhere in the danube delta region and romania may be threatened with avian influenza in the next three to five years .
bangladesh in asia has taken all necessary measures to prevent bird flu .
government livestock services bureau ( cfsb ) has provided books on the prevention of avian influenza to relevant officials and has organized training for poultry farmers .
( newspaper clippings ) china 's first blood information management system built in zhejiang
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the first chinese blood information management and control network system to share blood information has been officially completed and put into use in the center , according to the zhejiang blood center .
a person in charge of the zhejiang provincial blood center said that this means that in the future , any citizen will take part in blood donation organizations in any county ( city ) in zhejiang province , and a single unparalleled code will be recorded . when he again donates blood , as long as he input the relevant records of blood identification , the history of blood donation , blood donation , blood donation , and other relevant information , he can immediately show that he will be sent to the
the responsible person further explained that if the relevant code records are imported , the system will show that the interval period for the insolvent blood will not be reached , and the notice will not meet the blood donation requirements .
this will not only protect the health of the donors themselves , but also effectively protect the health and safety of the blood users .
in addition , when blood is tight , the donors and their relatives have the right to give priority to blood . if you import the effective documents for donors , you can immediately show the information of those who donate blood , which is quite convenient .
according to a hangzhou " today morning post , " this information system has been put into use in all 36 blood collection and supply organizations across the province , and the blood resource situation of various blood - collecting and supply organizations in the province has also been shown in real time , thus realizing data sharing across the province .
to prevent the recurrence of mountain landslides in 11 villages in the philippines
manila , february 18 ( xinhua ) the 11 villages in the eastern philippines have been closed to traffic in order to prevent the recurrence of similar mountain landslides , local officials said on tuesday .
the government has decided to impose a ban on the use of the illegal hillside in the village , which was located in the same area on the 17th , said roman , an official from the ministry of the interior .
residents of 11 villages who have been evacuated will be resettled in seven evacuation centers .
rice said that the government yesterday ordered the evacuation of residents , and today sent people to inspect these villages , because some people do not want to leave their homes .
the mountain landslide incident occurred on the 17th in a mountainous village in shabel town in the south of the southern part of the province . from the television images , soil and stone have buried the entire village and can only be seen on a few roof .
as the soil is very thick and humid , the person buried below can luckily survive a very slim hope .
so far , 109 people have been killed and 57 others have been rescued .
it is estimated that the death toll from the accident may reach 1,800 .
( overseas chinese affairs in southern fujian province , quanzhou , fujian province 's overseas chinese hometown , increased 35.2 percent in january of this year over the same period last year .
fuzhou , february 19 ( xinhua ) the export of quanzhou city continued to maintain a high growth in january , according to the report .
according to customs statistics , in january , quanzhou 's export reached 330 million us dollars , the best in history , an increase of 35.2 percent over the same period last year , and higher than the average growth rate of the whole province .
according to an analysis by the quanzhou city foreign economic and trade bureau , the reasons for quanzhou 's rapid growth in foreign trade in january were mainly due to the fact that quanzhou 's numerous foreign trade support service measures had been taken , enterprises ' enthusiasm in export , brisk economic operation in quanzhou , enhanced business confidence , and unimpeded foreign trade development environments .
