two of the mobile computers , which were used to be used as a concubine for investigation
london , march 6 , afp
the london daily newspaper said two princess diana 's diana car accident investigation data were stolen from the former metropolitan police chief 's office .
the report pointed out that this theft has caused speculation that the computer may be hidden by former metropolitan police chief sir steve .
however , a spokeswoman for the metropolitan police station said that there was no sensitive information or related information on the computer .
sir robert steven is the director of the norsandobia police bureau in britain and his office is located in the area of tantenhet .
the report said that the nissan police officer had been investigating two theft cases in the past 10 days .
a weekend holiday took place between january 28 and 29 , including computers and cash , and the second case was taken away last week , and no loss was incurred .
the norwegian police also said there was no evidence to show that the two cases were related to the work of sir steve .
steve has been tracing the cause of death of princess wales not direct cause of the car accident .
the royal corpse , bogus , ordered in 2004 to continue to trace the evidence .
princess diana was admitted to the hospital on august 31 , 1997 in a car accident in the paris tunnel , where her wife and driver were killed at that time .
after two years of investigation , the french police believed that the car was driven by a driver 's drink driving and taking medicine , resulting in a tragedy of a car being out of control .
sri lanka 's warring parties agree to hold talks in geneva in late june
afp , lumpur , july 7 .
norway , which is in the middle of the peace process , said that the sri lankan war group agreed to hold talks in geneva , switzerland on the 22nd of this month , defusing the impasse of talks that has been stalled for three years in order to seek an end to the decades - long racial bloody conflict .
norwegian special envoy for peace sorghum met with barshefhan , tanilan liberation tiger , in london , and achieved the breakthrough .
the norwegian embassy in beijing said in a statement that the conflict between sri lanka and sri lanka was one between the government of sri lanka and the liberation tiger group of tamil eelam , demanding that the norwegian government assist in holding talks on february 22 in geneva for two days on february 23 .
the two - day talks will focus on the question of how to strengthen the ceasefire agreement that will take effect on february 23 , 2002 , and this agreement has never been fully observed by both sides .
the norwegian embassy said that hezer and his party will discuss how to improve the implementation of the cease - fire agreement in the past three years , and the two sides will hold face - to - face talks on this high level for the first time .
solheim said he would lead a norwegian team to participate in the negotiations , with four representatives of the tamil eelam liberation tiger group led by barzinkhan , while the sri lankan government led by minister of health .
he said : the current situation is a small step on the road to peace , but the process of negotiations is expected to be difficult and still more difficult .
the first face - to - face negotiations to resolve the ethnic conflict in sri lanka were held in japan in march 2003 , but the tamil eelan liberation tiger group cancelled the original seventh round of talks to be held in thailand in april 2003 .
north and south korea delegations to take part in winter olympics
italian , dalikulin , april 10 , 2007
the 20 th winter olympics opened in dulin today , with south korea and north korea , which were enemies in the cold war period , joining hands in the opening ceremony .
south korean women 's champion for speed skating , lee po - la , and north korean man 's skating player han cheng - jen , respectively as the representative of the two countries , led south korean representative team to the winter olympic games hall .
this is the first time that a team of south korea and north korea have joined hands in the winter olympics .
in order to reflect the united spirit of reconciliation between the two sides in recent years , the year 2000 sydney summer olympics and the 2004 summer olympics in athens , south korea and north korea 's representative teams both entered .
north korea did not participate in the 19 th winter olympics held in salt lake city , the united states .
the korean peninsula was split into a capitalist south and north korea in 1948 . the two sides held a summit meeting in the korean war from 1950 to 1953 .
south korean leader holds a peace summit in 2000 , and the two sides have improved their relations .
according to tradition , the greek delegation is the first country to be admitted . of the 80 countries participating in the competition , south korea is the 22 th north korea , which is the 23 rd country to be admitted .
the japanese delegation is the last country to be admitted by the italian team .
hovman was once indulged in drug delicious and quickly woke up to the horizon of performing arts .
new york , april 16 , afp
it is generally acknowledged that he is most hopeful to win this year 's oscar film , duchu podi : the male lead player , lipudong , filipman , who won the championship with cold blood , revealed that he was indulged in a light age when he was a young man and was unable to extricate himself from drugs and wine . fortunately , he was able to open up a new height in his performing career .
in an interview with the american columbia broadcasting corporation news magazine , howman said that in order to get drugs and wine , he had indeed adopted unscrupulous means .
at that time , he only came out of 20 years , graduated from the drama department of the university of new york , and entered a society of five light and ten brightness . he was fast changing his daily life , and finally became very conscious and lost control .
he was admitted to the reeker when he was 22 years old , and he avoided the habit of getting drinking alcohol and doping drugs there , which was the most panicked period in his life .
the academy will be held in the oscar award ceremony to be held next month , where hovman will explain the movie archrique of the role of american writer kopodi : cold blood plum duo , dubai , is considered the best male player award .
before this , he had already been confirmed for his consummate skill and had already won many awards , including the best male player in the gold basketball prize .
the 38 - year - old actor said during the interview that if he did not make a painful decision before becoming famous to change his bad habit , he might not be able to win the nomination of oscar .
he said he envied those young young girls who were 19 years old and suddenly became famous and famous .
bird flu tracks four days in europe , nigeria 's panic
brussels , march 16 , 2007 ( afp )
the bird flu virus has been found in europe , causing a panic .
the eu executive committee established a new + prawn area controls to put all areas of the countries where the virus is found under the control of the region and to ban all poultry - related biological transactions .
after discovering the deadly sunshine virus , africa 's nicolas has expanded to more chicken farms eight days after the outbreak , and signs have already crossed the northern border into niger .
egyptian officials are investigating a sudden outbreak of mass killing of chickens in a southern chicken farm , fearing that the virus may continue to spread .
the european chicken meat market is affected by the virus incident and has been plummeting by a big margin , and the eu executive committee stressed that there is no reason to panic .
the executive board is responsible for health and food safety , said the public 's concern about the matter is understandable , but there is no need to react too much .
following the previous virus discovery of three kilometers of the area surrounding the protection zone and 10 kilometers of warning zone , the european commission has again issued new rules , listing all of the virus discovered in the european region as a sunlight region .
an eu official who declined to be named pointed out that everyone was nervous , and they were handling rumors from all parts of europe from one day to the night , suspected that the epidemic had already broken out .
so far , austria has been a sunken sunken sunken in austria , germany , which is now riding on the west west west germany , italy , romania , ukraine , russia , and european territory , etc. , all have been found on the sunken , almost all of which are outdated .
romania found the 31 st case of bird flu in slovenia , austria and greece , and germany 's rugenen island .
in the southern part of italy , the virus was found on two ducks , the first wild swans in the european region , and the virus was infected with 5hew 1 virus .
the most worrying thing for eu officials is the migratory birds that will soon fly back from africa .
the nigerian government is working to prevent the spread of the virus in the african continent to humans .
the government of the country announced that all poultry farms in the area five kilometers from the infected farm , regardless of whether they are threatened by the virus , will be destroyed without exception .
the neighboring country , the japanese government , announced that the country had entered a state of alert and allocated 4 million us dollars of emergency plans to monitor and control the borders of nigeria .
the newly established national emergency committee said that they received a notice that in the areas of the two countries ' alertness and sine borders , nearly 400 birds died in malia .
new regulations on management of electronic banking business to be implemented on march 1
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a special committee to monitor the development of the e - banking sector , said a report released by the china banking regulatory commission ( cbrc ) on tuesday .
a cbrc spokesman said that according to the regulations of the measures , the way of examination and approval for foreign financial institutions has basically not changed . that is , after foreign banks are allowed to operate internet banking business , if new types of internet banking business are to be added , the main report bank of the branch in china should be submitted for examination and approval in a unified manner .
to regulate the use of the internet to develop banking business , the people 's bank of china formulated and promulgated the " provisional measures on managing internet banking business . "
a cbrc spokesman said that with the continuous development of the electronic banking business of commercial banks , the interim measures no longer meet the requirements of monitoring the risks of electronic banking banks , and the cbrc has drawn up two new regulations for this purpose .
according to a spokesperson of the banking regulatory commission , the confirmation of the qualifications of the safety evaluation organizations is different from the administrative licensing of the nature of industry access or the qualification of enterprises , and is not a necessary condition for the evaluation organizations to conduct the electronic banking safety assessment business . it is only used as reference for the financial institutions in choosing an assessment institution .
as long as the safety assessment organization meets the relevant requirements and requirements , even if it has not been determined by the quality of the cbrc 's qualifications , the financial institutions can also hire them to carry out an electronic banking safety assessment , but they should be managed in accordance with the relevant regulations .
the " measures for managing electronic banking business " consists of nine chapters and 99 articles , which are divided into nine chapters , the general administration , application and change of risk management data , exchange and transfer of management , and management of cross - border business activities , management of cross - border business activities , supervision over superpowers , legal responsibilities , and supplementary articles .
the " guidelines on the assessment of e - banking safety " consists of five chapters , 57 , which are divided into 16 parts , including the general evaluation body that appraises safety , safety , and implementation of safety evaluation activities and supplementary provisions .
" mao zedong , zhou enqi , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , chen yun , on investigation and research " published
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the book " mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , and chen yun " compiled by the party central literature research center was recently published and distributed by the central party literature publishing house .
they should carry out thorough investigations and studies in reality , persist in integrating theory with practice , and formulate and implement correct line , principles , and policies . they are the basic experiences and basic work methods of the cpc in leading revolution and construction .
mao zedong 's brother zhou yan , liu shaoqi , zhu de , and other revolutionaries of the older generation , chen xiangyun , had made many important and brilliant expositions on the issues of investigation and research , and they often went deep into the grass - roots level to personally conduct social investigations and wrote many investigation reports .
the practice and results of their investigations and studies are of great significance to guiding the development of the cause of the party and the people along the correct road .
" mao zedong , zhou enqi , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , and chen yun on investigation and study " is divided into three parts : the first part is the compilation of the theses of mao zedong and other old - generation revolutionaries on investigation and research , the second part is the collection of the articles of mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation , the second part is the three investigation groups of mao zedong and the third section of the third generation
most of these reports were published for the first time .
in addition , there are two reports on the investigation and study conducted by the central leaders in the 1950 s and 60 s of the last century .
russia reiterates adherence to one - china policy
moscow , february 6 ( xinhua ) russian deputy foreign minister alekseyev reiterated on the 6th that russia adheres to the one - china policy when meeting chinese ambassador to russia liu guchang .
alekseyev said that russia has noted chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence .
the russian government has consistently upheld the one - china principle and firmly supported china 's efforts to realize the great cause of national reunification .
last year , after the chinese npc passed the anti - secession law , russia took the lead in publicly expressing its support .
alekseyev said that the russian foreign ministry will issue a statement as soon as possible , reiterating that one china is opposed to the sunset of taiwan independence forces .
third chinese compatriot in south africa robbed in two days
johannesburg , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese mainland has decided to send a large delegation of overseas chinese in the first half of this year to the united nations , a chinese official said here today .
according to feng yang , president of the liberal provincial chinese federation , the incident took place in the verkemm city , more than 130 kilometers northwest of burundian .
at that time , the owner of the shop , lin yixing , picked up the items on the bar and prepared to end the business for one day .
at this time , there were also three customers in the shop , one of them dashed out of a pistol and rushed into the bar to commit robbery .
lin yixing , 40 , struggled with the ruffians and fired a shot at lin yixing before fleeing .
when the local people who rushed to the scene upon hearing the news sent lin yixing to the hospital for treatment , because lin yixing had a full body of black hemp leaemogate , bloodiarrhoeed blood , and had not stopped blood from spreading , they died at about 3 : 30 a. m . on 6 february .
on 6 february , xu defu , consul general of the chinese consulate in yogong , wu jichuan , and lin changming , vice chairman of the south african chinese association of fellow countrymen in fujian , rushed to buruntan to help the family of the deceased handle the aftermath of the incident .
lin yixing became the third culprit killed by the robbers in 36 hours and was also the fourth chinese killed in south africa this year .
( newspaper clippings ) shanghai : part - time and college graduates become hourly
beijing , february 7 ( xinhua ) the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau announced today that the central bank 's most important job price for 2006 's latest hourly wages was 120 , an increase of 11 over the previous time , and the original posts were cut down on their daily life .
according to an estimate by a relevant expert from the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau , currently , shanghai 's hourly workers have exceeded 1 million .
according to a zhongguo qingnian bao report , college graduates and part - time workers are the major components of the hour workforce .
through direct investigation of nearly 8,000 hours of work , more than half of the personnel were part - time workers , and the proportion was 51.11 percent .
the cultural level of part - time workers is generally higher , mainly engaging in highly technical work , such as translation posts , and the proportion of part - time workers is as high as 81.7 percent , and fitness is as high as 61.6 percent .
high income is an important reason why many people are engaged in the work of hours .
it is understood that the monthly income of individual posts can reach tens of thousands of yuan , and it is even difficult to demand it . as for words , the monthly income of an hour 's job can mostly exceed 2,000 yuan , such as part - time financial affairs , celebrations of siyi , etc.
and to satisfy his own interest in expanding his knowledge , he also has an important reason for his part - time work .
for example , mr. gu , who works as a human resources manager in a certain enterprise , would take a few hours a week to handle the financial accounts of a foreign representative office .
mr koo believed that the biggest benefits of part - time jobs were to keep updating his knowledge and to have opportunities to involve another field . of course , the income of 2000 yuan per month also had some temptation .
as some of the jobs are low in the job market , the job forms are flexible and free , and are gradually becoming favored by many graduates who are seeking jobs , 14 percent of the hourly workers are graduates of tertiary institutions in the past three years .
i did n't want to work for an hour at the beginning , but after i did it for a few months i felt better than i would be better than i would be on the evening of september 5 , north korea .
after graduating from college graduate , the job he found was not as good as expected . finally , he hung up his name at a guesthouse and used the piano to play background music .
i am very satisfied with the current work , and the environment is good , i want to do more hours of work .
it is understood that hourly work has become an accumulation of experience for some graduates who are working on job - seeking , but overlapping work skills , communication skills , and increasing social experience .
when graduates work hours , they focus on jobs that are more knowledgeable and technically competent , such as translation posts with a strong professional character , performing arts with a strong epoch - like ratio of 22.1% and 26.8 % respectively .
the demand for some of the jobs is not high , such as food promotion workers , saloon drivers , etc. , and unemployed personnel can take up jobs immediately after simple training .
the data show that the proportion of hourly workers in the industry as unemployed reached 39,000 percent , of which the proportion of retail workers was as high as 68.4 percent , the proportion of catering and catering was 58.7 percent , and hourly workers became an important channel for the employment of the unemployed .
wu bangguo inspects anhui
beijing , february 8 ( xinhua ) the permanent member of the political bureau of the communist party of china ( cpc ) central committee , wu bangguo , chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) , stressed during his recent inspection of work in anhui province that it is necessary to take the important thinking of three represents as the guide , persist in making the scientific development concept command the overall situation in economic and social development , seriously implement the central principles and policies in the light of local realities
from 6 to 8 february , wu bangguo went to wushan 's wuhu qilu and qiner - cui to go down to enterprises ' rural scientific research institutes and institutions of higher learning to inspect .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui is a district leader with chang chu - chu 's southern connections to the north . it is an important agricultural region in china . it has abundant natural resources , a better industrial foundation , a stronger scientific and educational strength , and a rich cultural and tourist resources . it has great potential for development .
anhui should firmly seize the important opportunity of promoting the rise of the central region , always unswervingly adhere to the central task of economic construction , seriously implement the central principles and policies in close connection with anhui 's reality , carry out work in a creative manner , and implement the scientific development concept in concrete measures and in practical work .
we should sum up practical experiences in a timely manner , fully rely on the masses of the people , vigorously support reform and innovation , and constantly open up new prospects in anhui 's work .
we should actively promote the building of a harmonious society , persistently regard realizing good wishes and safeguarding the fundamental interests of the overwhelming majority of the people as the starting point and end - result of all work , actively create conditions , gradually resolve practical problems of the masses , gradually adjust the actual problems of the masses , gradually adjust the distribution relations , gradually change the two - urban structure , gradually reduce the gap between regions , and safeguard and realize social justice , and enable all the people to share the achievements of reform
wu bangguo stressed : china has reached the stage of achieving greater development in the economic and social development by relying on the enhancement of its ability to make independent innovation and by raising the quality of laborers . only by vigorously promoting scientific and technological progress and innovation can china achieve a leap in the quality of its productive forces and push its economic and social development onto the track of scientific development .
we should establish and perfect as soon as possible a system and mechanism that is conducive to innovation , increase investment in science and technology , encourage patent inventions , develop famous brands , speed up the conversion of scientific and technological achievements into real productive forces , strengthen enterprises ' status as the mainstay in independent innovation , and constantly raise the rate of contribution of scientific and technological progress to economic growth .
we should support and encourage the participation of technological elements in distribution , establish and perfect a statistical index system that reflects independent innovation capability , and study and formulate policies that support independent innovation in financial , taxation , and government procurement , and form a policy system that encourages independent innovation .
we should cultivate an innovative awareness among the whole society , vigorously advocate the spirit of daring to innovate and compete , and strive to create a good atmosphere in which people with talent will emerge in large numbers .
wu bangguo pointed out : in the process of building a socialist country ruled by law , the people 's congress has played an increasingly important role in governing the country according to law .
to do a good job in the people 's congress work under the new situation , we should first adhere to the correct political direction , unswervingly follow the road of socialist political development with chinese characteristics , and organically integrate upholding the leadership of the party and the people as masters of their own affairs and governing the country according to law .
second , we should closely focus our work on the overall situation of the party and the state , closely focus on major issues in reform , development , and stability , and carry out our work closely around hot and difficult issues of common concern to the masses of the people in order to continuously enhance the effectiveness of the people 's congress work .
third , it is necessary to give play to the characteristics and advantages of the work of the people 's congresses , uphold democratic centralism , strictly follow the procedures in handling affairs and make collective decisions .
we should adhere to the mass line , take the people as the foundation , exercise power for the people , be concerned with the people 's feelings , and seek benefits for the people .
china proposed a major scientific research plan for the next 15 years .
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) china has made great efforts to promote sustainable development and achieve major progress in the international competitiveness , said a report on the outline of the state 's medium @ - and long - term scientific and technological development program ( 2006 - 2020 ) released by the state council on the 9 th .
these four major scientific plans are the research on how to measure and control the radioactive radioactive research .
the outline points out that protein science is the commanding height of life science , which developed countries are competing with fiercely .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on studying the suicidal copper group , the dioxin group , the daidu , xie xxue , biological , biological , biological , biological , and chemical functions of protein , and its mutual role in the antiprotein - related calculation of biological and system biology , the protein research , and related basic research methods for application of protein - genome .
the outline also holds that the study of quantum adjustment and control is of a clear forward - looking nature and may produce inestimable impact on the social and economic development of mankind after 2030 .
china should focus on the study of the carrier and the principles and methods of regulation and control of quantum communication , calculate within the limits of the size of the system , and new principles and new technological bases for measurement of the size of the system , regulation and control of quantum systems , and control of small size .
in addition , the outline points out that nanotechnology has become a strategic choice for many countries to enhance core competitiveness and is also one of the fields in which china is expected to achieve leaping development .
in the next 15 years , china will focus its research on the control of nanotechnology materials , the capability of making and manufacturing nanotechnology , the capability of assembly , the capability of using nanotechnology , the nimi - type biological physics , nanotechnology , and the space of high energy resource , high - technology , and the application of nanotechnology in energy , environment , and high - tech areas .
china 's population has a large population growth , many birth defects , a serious shortage of transplant organs , and a peak of aging is about to arrive . therefore , it is urgently necessary to make breakthroughs in the theory of breeding and the technological innovation of breeding science .
according to the outline , china will focus on research on growth , reproduction , and regulation in 2006 - 2020 , maturity and refresher growth in reactionary cells , and the mechanism of retreat of reactionary functions of human reproduction , as well as the safety and ethics of reproductive and stem cells .
shanghai housing prices drop by 7 percentage points in 1996
shanghai , february 9 ( xinhua ) the country 's macro - control policy on real estate industry in 2005 has achieved remarkable results in shanghai .
according to the latest data released , shanghai 's real estate industry index dropped or slowed down significantly last year .
the increase in housing prices dropped 6.6 percentage points from the previous year , while the added value of real estate industry dropped 4.11 percent from the previous year .
pan jianxin , director of the shanghai municipal bureau of statistics , said at a news conference a few days ago that in 2005 , the average selling price of residential housing in shanghai was 6698 yuan per square meter , an increase of 313 yuan over 2004 .
the price level of residential housing rose 9.2 percent year - on - year , and the rate of increase was 6.6 percentage points lower than the previous year .
the added value of the real estate industry for the whole year was 67.023 - billion yuan , down 4.11 percent from the previous year .
the total balance of loans by financial institutions was 264.494 - billion yuan , and the increase was only 0.94 - billion yuan , while the new loan amount in 2004 reached 72.89 - billion yuan .
pan jianxin said that from the sales price of shanghai real estate in the whole year , the sales price of commercial housing has fallen in a steady and slump .
the statistics also show that according to the latest data , the rate of increase in real estate prices in shanghai has dropped somewhat in 2005 , and the average selling price of residential housing is 6,698 yuan per square meter , 313 yuan higher than that of 2004 .
in 2005 , the sales price level of housing rose 9.7 percent over the previous year , and the rate of increase was 6.2 percentage points lower than that of the previous year .
he said that shanghai completed real estate development investment of 124.686 billion yuan last year , an increase of 6.11 percent over the previous year .
the sales area was 315.887 - million square meters , down 9.55 percent .
sales of commercial houses totaled 216.13 - billion yuan , down 4.5 percent from the previous year .
two light aircraft crashed in new zealand
wellington , february 9 ( xinhua ) two new zealand light planes crashed into a sea area about 100 kilometers north of the capital of wellington on the 9th , killing two pilots on board .
according to a relevant responsible official of the local civil aviation department , the pilots of the two planes were all students of the flight academy of the university of marxi . they were still undergoing training and had not obtained their flying license .
when the incident occurred , the two planes were in a non - air control zone . according to regulations , when flying in such a region , the pilots should be responsible for the aircraft 's navigation and safety conditions .
an eyewitness at the scene of the incident told new zealand media that he heard a huge explosion and saw a rapid crash on the ground .
another eyewitness also confirmed that before the plane crashed , he heard a huge explosion and saw a plane wound crashed .
the cause of the collision is not yet clear , and the local civil aviation department will conduct an investigation into the incident .
( overseas chinese , chinese nationals in argentina strongly condemn chen shui - bian 's remarks on taiwan independence
buenos aires , february 8 ( xinhua ) the overseas chinese and ethnic chinese association in argentina , established in argentina , issued a solemn statement on the 8th , strongly condemning chen shui - bian 's recent arrogant remarks of taiwan independence , opposing any attempt to split taiwan from china .
the statement said : in his speech delivered on 29 january , chen shui - bian declared that he would abolish the national unification council and the democratic democratic party , and that the national unification program was another step taken on a path of independence .
the expectations of compatriots on both sides of the strait for peace , as well as the good wishes of the taiwan compatriots for peace and stability and development will face severe challenges .
the statement pointed out that resolutely opposing and containing activities of taiwan independence forces and maintaining peace and stability in the taiwan strait remains the most pressing task for compatriots on both sides of the strait and the entire chinese community in the world at present .
the statement stressed that the argentine council for the promotion of china 's peaceful reunification is willing to unite with all overseas chinese and ethnic chinese in argentina who uphold the one - china principle , and resolutely oppose any form of taiwan independence activities and actively promote china 's peaceful reunification .
prc expert : us preaches china 's military threat without justification
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) china 's defense ministry has recently formally submitted a " report on defense review for four years " to congress , calling china the most likely superpower , that could pose a military challenge to the united states .
experts believe that this is unreasonable accusation and embellishment of china 's military threat , and it is interference in china 's internal affairs .
the " four - year defense review report " is a new defense - guiding document of the pentagon .
the 92 - page report used three paragraphs to explain the issue of china 's military strength and the way the report directly mentioned china 's traditional sunshine or western style , saying that it was a major and emerging big country , china 's most influential power that was engaged in military competition with the united states , if the united states does not have any counter - control measures , it is very likely that china will develop bad elements and thus break the traditional us military superiority in the us military
yao yunzhu , researcher of the world military studies department of the chinese academy of military sciences , said : senior us officials have expressed similar views on many occasions . this is the first time that the united states has proposed in the defense strategy report that china is the newly emerging power that is most likely to pose a military challenge to the united states .
the report clearly defines russia 's role as a rising strategic rival , especially the so - called ' military threat ' of china .
major general peng guangqian , researcher of the chinese academy of military sciences , said :
it is worth noting that after the formal submission of the " four - year defense review report , " us president bush also submitted to congress the 2007 government budget , including the defense budget , which amounts to $ 439.3 - billion .
if , plus , to add to the budget added to the military operations in iraq and afghanistan , the us defense budget for fiscal 2007 will break the $ 500 - billion mark , setting a new historical record , and tang kuang - qian said that this is almost the sum and length of military spending of all other countries in the world .
peng guangqian said that the united states ' trick of using the threat of other countries reflects the consistent style of the pentagon that has made enemy rivals , and its real purpose is to win more defense funds and to gain more profits for the us munitions industrial group .
experts said that compared with the huge military spending of the united states , china 's national defense expenditures are quite limited .
military expert deng hongzhou , who had participated in the writing of china 's national defense white paper on many occasions , said : since the 1990 's , with the economic development , china 's national defense expenditures have increased to some extent , but the proportion of national expenditures in the same period has been on the decline .
official data show that compared with 1979 , china 's defense expenditures in the same period dropped by nearly 10 percentage points .
china 's defense budget for 2005 was 244.656 - billion yuan , only about one - tenth of the us national budget , and the per capita military expenditure of the us people is only about one - sixtieth of the us military spending , and the per capita military spending of the us military personnel is about one - thirty of the us military .
the united states ' territory is roughly the same as china 's territory , but the difference in military expenditure is so great . who is exactly whose military force exceeds the proper defense needs is self - evident . this is self - evident .
peng guangqian said :
teng jianqun , director of the research department of the china arms control and disarmament association , said that the us side should objectively assess china 's military construction , and that china 's peaceful development does not mean that china and the united states will become military rivals in the future .
the white paper " china 's national defense in 2004 " says that china firmly follows the path of peaceful development and practices a defensive national defense policy .
china has not been engaged in any other countries in the past and will not pose a threat to any country in the future .
so far , china has not established military bases in any other country , nor has it sent a single soldier to other countries , while the united states has over 100 military bases overseas , and has deployed more than 100,000 troops in the asian region alone .
professor zhu feng of the international relations college of beijing university said : china and the united states should increase communication and exchanges through the established channels , enhance mutual understanding and mutual trust , comprehensively promote the constructive and cooperative relationship between china and the united states in the new century , and jointly promote the maintenance of world peace and development .
( winter olympics ) the opening ceremony of the turin winter olympics will be exciting .
duin , february 9 ( xinhua ) the 20 th winter olympics will open on the evening of the 10 th local time at 8 : 00 p.m . local time , formally unveiling the mysterious veil of the olympic stadium in turin .
on 9 july , the organizing committee of the turin winter olympics disclosed to reporters the brilliant arrangements for the opening ceremony .
as for the opening ceremony , the chairman of the organizing committee , kasrani , has full confidence . he said at the press conference that the opening ceremony coincided with top italian talent in various fields , costing more than 10 million euros .
he said : the night of 10 may will be unforgettable . the 35,000 viewers in the conference hall and the 2 - billion - strong tv viewers in the world will see an exciting and successful opening ceremony .
the passive flame was warm and warm , the five red - looking , sunlight , and peace - loving pigeons and milk cows in alps will appear at the opening ceremony , the director said , the shadow power and the italian theme of the opening ceremony will be the greatest and greatest highlight of the opening ceremony , and he will be the greatest winter sports of the long history and cultural life of the olympic games in italy .
the famous italian designer , amani , specially designed clothes for the opening ceremony , and the famous italian fashion brand morceo will provide courtesy to the guide of the athletes ' admission ceremony .
however , is the famous italian tenor paavarotti singing a song at the opening ceremony , and the organizing committee will keep this suspense in the end .
eight people who can spray flame on their head , and fire on their body will use three meters long flame to show the fervor of fire . they will shuttle at a speed of 70 kilometers on several occasions .
officials of the organizing committee held that this was the most satisfactory creative work in their opening performance .
on how to ignite the main torch , the organizing committee did not disclose it ahead of time , but the 57 - meter - high main torch tower will light the residents of alps and nearby alps .
white house announces bush 's planned visit to pakistan , india in march
washington , february 9 ( xinhua ) the united states has decided to set up a special committee to deal with the terrorist attacks on the islamic republic , a white house spokesman said here today .
mcclellan said bush is looking forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he also said that arrangements are being made for this visit .
mcclellan held various demonstrations in some areas of pakistan to protest against the blasphemy of islam 's preference for mohammed .
in january this year , when bush met with pakistani prime minister aziz in the white house , the two sides expressed their willingness to strengthen friendly cooperation and jointly crack down on terrorism that endangers the security of the two countries .
bush also said that at the invitation of the pakistani and indian governments , he will visit pakistan and india in march .
( international observation ) hamas seeks breakthrough in forming cabinet
ramallah , february 9 ( xinhua ) hamas has decided to form a new cabinet to seek a breakthrough
xinhua news agency , wang hao , huang min
the palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) won the election of the legislative yuan , and how to draw a blueprint for the new government has become the focus of international attention at present .
what new policy hamas will implement will directly affect the relevant policy orientation of the parties concerned in the peace process .
at the same time , the boycotting attitude of the united states and israel has added more variables to the prospects of the hamas government .
at present , the parties of palestine are stepping up consultations to exchange views on the issue of forming the cabinet , which involves difficulties and sensitive points in the development of the situation in the future .
which family is the prime minister 's job ?
after hamas obtained the right to form a cabinet , some people outside expressed worries that prime minister hamas may have differences with the current supreme leader abbas .
moreover , hamas leader mahaal , who is visiting egypt , stressed that the new palestinian government formed by hamas will not recognize israel . this hard signal has also aggravated international concern .
the united states and israel have clearly indicated that they will not accept a hamas government that is in power , and have threatened to suspend economic aid to palestine and to pass tax on it to palestine .
but this does not prevent hamas from making flexible strategic adjustments , and it is a compromise to elect an independent person .
according to reports , in order to obtain the maximum international recognition , the hamas leaders at home and abroad , which gathered in egypt a few days ago , decided to elect independent members , jiali abdullah khalal hodhadali , chairman of the board of directors of the islamic university , to be the new prime minister .
this move has not yet received the response of the relevant parties .
palestinian analyst hussein said that the most crucial thing is that the prime minister should try his best to play down the tough color of hamas , and only in this way can the cabinet be successful .
how to distribute power ?
internally , the biggest challenge facing hamas in forming a cabinet is its lack of sufficient ruling experience .
palestinian newspaper " al-times " carried an analysis saying that hamas has gathered human strength through social welfare projects , but it lacks experience in governing , and is closely related to the palestinian national liberation movement ( fatah ) , which has ruling experience .
hamas proposed to establish a politically motivated partnership with fatah and jointly establish a national coalition government after the election , but fatah has not given a positive response to this day .
fatah 's internal opinion on whether to enter the cabinet is different , one faction stands for participation in the new government , and thus some things are accomplished , while the other side is rejecting hamas 's invitation , and is willing to do a positive opposition group on the legislative council .
the source pointed out that , with abbas 's advice , fatah gradually tended to join the new government .
even so , hamas and fatah will also bargain on the distribution of cabinet positions .
in addition , another way is to set up a cabinet that is independent of the opposition party .
according to reports , hamas has also designed a clean and expert - type government , but the specific list is unknown .
in view of the attitude of the united states and israel , a technical - type government will also be unable to be regarded as a form of cabinet - building to lighten external pressure .
according to the provisions of the palestinian " basic law , " after the new legislative yuan takes office on 16 june , the work of nominating the prime minister and forming a cabinet will be completed within three to five weeks .
what course should the armed forces follow ?
the weapons in hand of hamas are another thorny issue facing the establishment of a new government .
the united states and israel have adopted a very tough attitude , and resolutely demanded that hamas abandon violence and refuse to participate in politics by armed force .
hamas leader mahathir stressed on the 9th that armed resistance was a strategic choice of the organization .
the armed problem in reality includes the legitimacy of weapons and the management of the armed forces .
hamas was elected the largest political party in the legislature through democracy and freedom , which enabled its subordinate armed factions to legitimize qassam brigade by the same means to unify it into the government 's security organs .
hamas has proposed to unify all armed forces into an armed force of the palestinian national authority , but has not received widespread response , and has also been criticized by the islamic jihad ( jad ) .
palestine currently has more than 60,000 security personnel , most of whom are from the fatah camp .
in addition , fatah also has some armed factions that are loose in organization relations , such as the martyr al-aqsa martyr brigades , and fatah eagle , etc.
hamas , which is responsible for forming the cabinet , must reach agreement with abbas on how to manage the armed forces that are in their own hands and rationally distribute security management powers .
according to local media reports , abbas intends to be in charge of security and intelligence troops , police , civil defense , and other organizations , while the new government 's interior ministry is under the control of the new government .
however , the parties are still holding consultations on this sensitive issue , and so far there is no further conclusion .
china issues report on polar exploration
beijing , february 10 ( xinhua ) china 's state oceanic administration ( soa ) has issued a " report on china 's polar exploration in 2005 " , the first time in more than 20 years since china launched the polar exploration program .
the report fully reflects the achievements of china 's polar scientific research activities in 2005 , the expeditious observation activities , the main progress and achievements of scientific research in polar region .
according to the " report , " at 22:15 ( beijing time ) on 9 january 2005 , the antarctic expedition expedition team of china successfully climbed to the sky above the antarctic inland icecap , which covered the highest altitude of ice on the southern pole . at 3:15 on 18 january , the highest point of ice was defined at 3:15 ( beijing time ) , with a height of 4093 meters .
mysterious research shows that china 's sunken people are deeply entrenched and have the courage to open up new fields on the ever fiercer international polar observation stage , and first launched attacks on the heterous heat point of the antarctic , and achieved success in one single move , realizing another dream of human beings in the southern extreme .
sun zhihui , director of the state oceanic administration , said :
the " report " shows that on 24 march 2005 , the 21st antarctic expedition team of china successfully completed its mission and returned to shanghai . the inspection mission , which lasted 151 days and covered 2,6500 nautical miles .
on 18 november of the same year , china 's 22 nd antarctic expedition team left shanghai for the middle mountain station in the antarctica to carry out scientific expedition . it will leave zhongshan station by the end of february 2006 and return to shanghai via australia .
since it was the first time that china issued an extreme expedition report , the " 2005 china polar study report " also made a comprehensive survey of china 's polar exploration undertaking that started in the early 1980 s .
according to the " report , " china formally joined the " antarctic treaty " in 1983 , becoming a member of the antarctic treaty organization , and becoming a member of the most influential antarctic affairs organization member country through consultations on the antarctic treaty , through consultations on the antarctic treaty , through consultations on the country 's antarctic treaty , the council of ministers of science research on antarctic expeditious region , and other influential members of the international organization
in 1997 , china became a member of the arctic scientific committee and won the right to speak and make decisions in international polar affairs .
the " report " points out that over the past 20 - odd years , china has been inspecting very much from scratch , making continuous progress , having an initial scale of production , forming a three - station , a southern uni - polar scientific observation station , which is a southern polar changcheng station established in february 1985 , a central mountain station built in the antarctic in 1989 , the north - east arctic in july 2004 , and the north - west - provinces - - to -
according to statistics in the " report , " by the end of 2005 , china had organized 22 trips to the antarctica to conduct scientific observation on two occasions , using the xilong no vessels as a carrier on the platform of the north pole scientific expedition on 2 in north pole , 2 in diarctic expedition , and more than 3,000 people have been inspected in the country so far , and more than 3,000 people have been inspected in person by the members of the north
hezi we are now building the third antarctic expedition station , and is also china 's first antarctic inland observation station to conduct feasibility research and research .
sun zhihui said :
after more than 20 years of effort , china 's polar expedition has occupied a place in the world 's polar exploration , but compared with other major polar countries , there is still a big gap between china and other countries . we must try to catch up with others and catch up with others .
he said :
sun said that china will publish an annual report on polar exploration .
castro meets chinese president on scientific , educational cooperation
havana , february 10 ( xinhua ) cuban president fidel castro met with visiting chinese state councilor chen zhili on the 10th , and both sides expressed the desire to strengthen mutually beneficial cooperation in education , science and technology and other fields .
president castro warmly welcomed state councilor chen zhili on his visit to cuba .
he said : cuban - chinese relations are very friendly . high - level mutual visits have effectively promoted and strengthened bilateral friendship and mutual understanding . he expressed the hope that the two countries will continue to deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in all fields , including education and science and technology .
chen said cuba is an important and influential country in latin america and the caribbean region .
the friendly exchanges between the chinese and cuban peoples date back to ancient times .
cuba was the first latin american country to establish diplomatic relations with new china .
after entering the new century , with the concern and promotion of the leaders of the two countries , the political mutual trust between the two countries has become increasingly deepened , the scope of cooperation has been constantly expanded , mutual support and cooperation in international affairs has entered a new period of comprehensive development of sino - cuban friendly relations .
she believed that with the joint efforts of both sides , the friendly cooperation between china and cuba will definitely yield more fruitful results .
chen zhili also pointed out that the chinese government has always attached importance to exchanges and cooperation with cuba in the field of education .
in recent years , the two countries have been increasing exchanges in education and frequent personnel exchanges .
china actively supports the international conference held by cuba and has sent a delegation to attend the previous world higher education conference and the 2005 illiteracy elimination conference .
cuba 's basic education level is very high , and we hope to further strengthen relevant exchange of experience in the future .
chen said that china and cuba have their respective advantages in scientific and technological research and development , and can achieve mutual benefits and win - win results through cooperation in various fields .
china 's aid to cuba 's scientific research equipment this time is expected to play a positive role in cuba 's scientific research and production .
she also briefed castro on china 's strategy of rejuvenating the country through science and education and the national science and technology conference .
chen arrived in cuba on 9 february for a four - day official visit at the invitation of the cuban government .
during the meeting , chen met with cuban minister of higher education visiano , and inspected the live academic works of havana university , xizhi middle school and santa maria primary school .
the leakage of waste oil on beijing - ha highway closed
harbin , february 11 ( xinhua ) the beijing - kazakhstan highway was at about 2300 on february 10 , with a traffic accident leaking at a certain section of the road , causing the accident to be closed to traffic , said a local police source .
according to the police of the traffic police unit of the shuangcheng city public security bureau , at about 2300 on 10 april , three collision incidents occurred at a place 58 kilometers from beijing - ha highway . a passenger car collided with a vehicle on a van and an oil tanker , and a cracks leaked out in the oil tanker 's body and the waste oil in it flowed on the road .
it is understood that after the oil tanker was loaded with waste oil produced in coke .
because of the dense amount of waste oil , and fearing that flower flames had occurred in past vehicles , the departments concerned have closed the roads at the scene of the accident .
some of the roads from harbin to shuangcheng , and many vehicles were left .
at present , relevant departments are screening the scene and the cause of the accident is still under investigation .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) huangpu announced that it has been upgraded with three italian + tu + 3 + tu + 3 + qili + + + 1 + 1 + 1 + 1 + 1 + 1 + = + 1 + = + 1 + = + 1 + = + = + = + 1 + 1 + = + = + = + = + = + = + = + = + = + = + = + = + = + = + = + 3 +
hong kong , february 11 ( xinhua ) the hutchison whampoa company limited announced on the 11th that it will implement the plan of opening its third telecom company , qitu telecom , italy .
huo jianning , general manager of the huangtan group , said that although + 3 italian + 3 has been approved by all relevant regulatory agencies , the bidding process must be completed within the next few weeks , and the time is too hasty .
meanwhile , the current weakness in the european telecommunications market may not necessarily give a unique opportunity to italy 's three - time market valuation .
in view of the greatest interest of shareholders , the company has decided to postpone the listing .
as for when to be listed on the stock market , huo said that it will depend on the future situation of the european telecommunications market .
he believes that , during the current period until the time for the separately recruitment , three italian telecom industries need to launch extensive investor education , and the global investment market is more clearly aware of the strong performance and favorable prospects of italy 's current investment market .
according to another media report , investment banks kurosheng , one of the coordinating people around the world , agreed to hold 103 percent of italian sunken shares through private ownership form , which is expected to be completed by the end of march this year .
china , myanmar enjoy good potential in economic cooperation : minister
yangon , february 12 ( xinhua ) the chinese ambassador to myanmar , mr jim raymond and the minister for economic and trade affairs , tang hai , said here today that the two countries have had a rich variety of forms of operation , which are mutually beneficial and mutually beneficial , and are developing together .
ambassador kaemu said that the friendly and cooperative relations between china and burma , which have been established on the basis of the five principles of peaceful coexistence , have been consolidated and developed in recent years , and exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been expanded and deepened day by day , and economic and trade relations between the two countries have been constantly expanded and strengthened .
counselor tang hai said : the exchange of visits by high - level leaders of the two countries has effectively promoted the development of economic and trade cooperation between the two countries .
during the 2004 high - level exchange of visits , the two sides signed 33 documents on economic and trade cooperation , most of which are being implemented and implemented .
he said : the amount of funds for this project is $ 1.14 - billion in 2004 , $ 1.209 - billion in 2005 , of which china 's exports are $ 935 - million and imports $ 274 - million .
in bilateral trade last year , china 's yunnan trade with myanmar ( including border trade ) amounted to $ 630 - million , up 14.6 percent from the year before .
tang said that myanmar has become an important market for chinese enterprises to contract projects , and the main projects in china include the project of building bridges , docks and factories ( such as sugar - coated factory , hydrated factory , hydrated factory , hydraulic factory , and hydraulic factory . ) .
chinese enterprises have launched engineering operations in myanmar , which has led to the export of all kinds of chinese complete sets of electrical and mechanical products , and myanmar has become one of the major markets for china 's export of complete sets of equipment and electromechanical products .
according to chinese customs statistics , in the past five to six years , the export of mechanical and electrical products has accounted for about 45.5 percent of china 's total export volume to burma .
counselor tang also said that burma is rich in natural resources and that china has started to invest in the project of using resources such as oil and natural gas copper mine in myanmar , and there is great potential for the development of sino - myanmar economic and trade cooperation .
he hoped that chinese enterprises would have a long - term vision , learn to avoid risks , make prudent decisions , foster a good image of enterprises , ensure that the projects are completed on schedule , and strive for glory for the country .
ambassador guan mu and counselor tang hai all maintained that premier soe win 's upcoming official visit to china is a major event in bilateral relations this year , and is of great significance to enhancing mutual political trust , promoting bilateral cooperation , and promoting the further development of sino - burmese good - neighborly and friendly relations .
it is expected that the two sides will sign several documents on economic and trade cooperation during the visit .
world bank to reduce debt of poorest countries
moscow , february 11 ( xinhua ) world bank president wolfowitz said in moscow on the 11th that the world bank will completely relieve the debt of the poorest countries by the middle of this year .
wolfowitz met in moscow on the same day with the finance ministers of various countries who came to attend the g8 finance ministers ' meeting .
in a statement issued after the meeting , he said that the world bank will implement its debt reduction program by 1 july this year , and the world bank is now completing all technical work .
last year , the world bank completely exempted 28 countries from debts and said that it would fill the funds for the trust fund .
the imf 's creditor creditor creditor level is relatively small , and the imf has started reducing or waiving its debts since the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz expressed his welcome to russia 's decision to exempt russia from the debts of 16 african countries .
hdtv becomes mainstream in america
new york , february 12 ( xinhua ) the number of high - resolution television sets ( sunken ) has been declining and the market has been expanding , and the american television media has also stepped up the introduction of relevant high - resolution tv programs .
the american supermarket superfluous and beauty games , which have just been put on a show , have become the heat matches for american broadcast industry to welcome the high - definition television era .
according to a report by " financial times " a few days ago , the us congress recently passed a bill , which stipulates that american broadcasting industry must stop broadcasting the current simulated television signals on 17 february 2009 and send only digital signals .
this means that the comprehensive digitization of the broadcast of us television programs has a clear timetable .
the popularization of high resolution digital television depends on the purchase of tv sets by consumers on one hand , and on the other hand , it depends on the production organizations to provide high - definition digital programmes .
although digital television has been mentioned time and again in the past few years , it has never become a reality .
this problem has turned for the better this year .
according to the forecast of the us consumer electronics association , the number of digital television sets to be sold in the united states this year will surpass traditional tv sets , and 85.0 percent of the digital television sets will be high - resolution products .
japanese researchers develop new highly efficient human kidney
tokyo , february 13 ( xinhua ) researchers at the east china sea university in japan have developed a biological man kidney , which not only has the same function as human kidney , but also has the function of retaining material elements , and is small in size and easy to transplant . with the study deepening , it is expected to bring a good voice to kidney patients .
according to a recent report by " nikkei industrial news , " the newly developed biological man - made kidney consists mainly of two parts , one part of which is transmitted antidlexal waste and water , and the other part is made of the blood reproduction of the original urine , which is made of blood , and the reversal of the hydrochloride , which is used to reuse blood , including the blood - redious , and other
the three people were engaged in the operation of a muddy line , a small body of water , and a small body of water from the middle and air .
this type of skin can cause multiple blood transfusion , multiple contagious contagious diseases , and intricate and analyze the variable causes of antibody mystic antibody , which are dividing , and which can also make the body 's necessary waciactic acid and mineral substances return to blood .
in the past , the human kidney used to be used to substitute the compressor for waste , and it was not completely eliminated , and it did not have the function of removing the components of amino acid into blood .
researchers used sheep to carry out biological transplant experiments , and the chinese - air silk cliff used pig - based cell in the cliff .
two weeks later , researchers confirmed that the human - made kidney had been able to function .
at present , they are developing and using biological human kidney cells for human kidney and will start clinical research after verifying their safety .
china 's power industry still faces severe challenges
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the state power regulatory commission ( sdrc ) said here today that the power safety production in 2005 will continue to face severe challenges despite the overall stable production safety situation .
shi yubo , vice chairman of the state power supervision and administration commission , made the remarks at the fifth ( enlarged ) meeting of the national power safety production committee held here . he said : in 2005 , china 's power safety production was stable as a whole , successfully fulfilled the task of meeting the peak of electricity supply and summer vacation , actively dealt with natural disasters , basically ensured the safe and stable operation of the power system , significantly reduced accidents in power production equipment and ordinary power networks , and
however , he pointed out that with the changes in the situation in power supply and demand and the successive inputs of a large number of new power generating units , the production safety of electricity will face new challenges .
these challenges include regional and hedging power shortages , which will continue to be short , and the situation of supply and demand in some regions is still on the verge of being too tight , and because the benign coal - coal - supply mechanism has not yet formed , there are still major problems in the supply of electricity , and at the same time , the problem of the quality of coal for electricity has not been effectively controlled , which will have a serious impact on the stable operation of power
shi yubo said : with the deepening of reform of the power system , many deep - seated contradictions will be exposed continuously . how to maintain the stability of the contingent of workers and ensure normal production order will become new problems facing us .
in view of 2006 's work on power safety , shi yubo said : we should further consolidate the basic work on the management of power safety , speed up the establishment and improvement of the emergency management mechanism for electric power safety , enhance our ability to deal with sudden incidents , strengthen the coordination and cooperation of power plants to jointly safeguard the safety of the power system , continue to do a good job in supervising and managing the safety of the dam and the construction of the dam , ensure safety of the dam ,
it has been learned that in light of the new situation in the management of power safety , the china power regulatory commission will revise and improve the " provisional regulations on investigating electric power production accidents , " which have been promulgated this year . meanwhile , supporting documents concerning the safety of the hydropower stations and the second power system will be distributed to the departments concerned for implementation this year .
in 2005 , the total power consumption in china reached 2468.9 - billion kilowatt - hours , an increase of 13.45 percent over the same period last year .
in the face of the situation of the supply and demand of power , the outstanding contradictions in coal , electricity , oil , and transportation , and other unfavorable situations , the power enterprises earnestly adopted effective measures to strengthen equipment management . in the whole year of last year , no extraordinarily serious equipment accident occurred in the country 's power production .
the number of power grid accidents dropped 127 times from the same period last year , while the number of equipment accidents dropped 427 times , a total of 132 cases .
south african envoy to china said that there is no existence of a group of evil cult aimed at chinese citizens
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the south african embassy in china has decided to offer aid to the chinese government , said minister fu kangning , charge d'affaires of the south african embassy in china , in an exclusive interview with xinhua on the 13th .
he also said that the south african government will do its utmost to crack down on crimes of evil forces in all forms .
the south african government hopes to reduce the crime rate to a zero target and hopes that every foreign citizen who work in south africa will have a safe life and property protection , said nannin .
since 2006 , four chinese citizens have been killed in south africa one after another , and the chinese world has expressed widespread concern over this .
the chinese foreign ministry has made representations to south africa on this and reminded chinese citizens in south africa to further enhance their awareness of security and prevention , and the overseas chinese compatriots to strengthen their unity and friendship and cooperate with the police in cracking down on criminal activities .
he said : " i am very happy to express my deepest sympathy and condolences to the family of the victims .
fu kangning said : we feel sorry for this , and we also ask the chinese people to believe that the south african government is now seriously investigating every incident involving china and is now trying to find out how it is .
according to the chinese embassy in south africa , south african police have successfully solved the case of chinese fujian woman chen jianqing 's assassination in south africa on 5 february . a suspect has been arrested .
at present , police are hunting for another suspect .
according to the south african embassy in china , south african police arrested the criminal suspect of shooting a hong kong businessman in january this year , and the money and property of the victim has been recovered .
speaking of the possible impact of the killing of chinese citizens , fu kangning said that these incidents indeed will pose a threat to trade between the two countries and exchanges in other areas , but in the long run , they should not be overly exposed to the influence of the future .
according to the tourism commissioner of the south african embassy , yeshi , the embassy has paid more than 2,000 chinese visas to visit south africa in the first 15 days of this year alone .
according to official statistics , south africa will continue to maintain its position as china 's largest trading partner in africa in 2005 .
the volume of bilateral trade reached $ 7.27 - billion , up by 23.0 percent over the same period last year .
however , people in the tourism circles believe that the successive killing of chinese citizens in 2004 has a clear impact on the number of chinese tourists visiting south africa .
according to statistics from the south african tourism administration , the number of chinese tourists to south africa in the first half of 2005 was 20,331 , a decrease of 14.9 percent compared with the same period last year .
there are about 200,000 chinese living in south africa , all of which are in south africa .
analysts here believe that the gap between the rich and the poor in south africa is wide , the unemployment rate is high , and guns are rampant , and there is no deterrent to death penalty , so the crime rate is high .
many chinese do not understand english , and cash they have at home is more prone to become the target of criminals seeking money .
hk promotes english learning and training for workplace english
hong kong , february 13 ( xinhua ) the newly launched campaign to promote english language used in hong kong launched by the government of the hong kong special administrative region on february 13 aims to raise the standard of english among more working people .
this young classical classical project , which features learning english and good life , includes a series of publicity activities to promote learning and training in workplace english and to enable employers to better understand how to help employees raise their english proficiency .
up to now , the scheme has already funded nearly 25,000 people to complete workplace english training courses , enabling them to reach the benchmarks for the relevant job categories .
hong kong 's professional english campaign was launched in 2000 by the government of the special administrative region .
a key project for professional english campaign is to provide funding for workplace english training .
the scheme aims to help employees who need to use english at work to obtain a wide range of english language in the relevant job categories through training and taking a designated international business english examination .
the tests are free , voluntary , free , secrecy , and free of charge .
shijiazhuang , february 14 ( xinhua ) the hebei health department recently issued the " hebei province aids voluntary consultation and test " ( trial implementation ) , which clearly stipulates that hiv / aids tests are free , free , and confidential and that people who can identify aids carriers and patients to the maximum extent , hoping that hiv carriers and patients will be discovered and implement preventive intervention measures and further measures and policies on prevention of aids will be implemented .
the " plan " clearly stipulates the principles for the voluntary consultation and test of aids in hebei province : free access to aids antibody testing and consultation , voluntary and informed approval for aids antibody testing and consultation , and the examination and consultation of aids antibody , keeping the relevant behavior of the consultation person confidential , and protecting the legitimate rights and interests of hiv carriers and aids patients , so as to provide the follow - up services for them .
the " plan " requires that the aids consultation and test points should be located at places that are convenient for the consulting , and that for the protection of the consulting 's privacy , there should be separate rooms , and one - on - one consultation can be conducted .
the choice of the consulting should be given full consideration to factors such as personal awareness , lack of knowledge , and ability to exchange information .
to protect the privacy of the consulting , the inspection leaflet can be registered with the codes or numbers .
the " plan " also requires that health administration departments at and above the county level should announce to the local major media the names and consultation telephone numbers of medical and health institutions that undertake voluntary aids test service in their own localities , so as to facilitate the masses to get to know the relevant information .
the ministry of public security still focuses on extorting inspectors from prison
beijing , february 14 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has made great efforts to improve the quality of police and to improve the quality of police , said zheng baigang , deputy director of the police inspectorate general of the ministry of public security , when answering questions from foreign reporters at a press conference held here on the 14th .
the focus of the work of the inspectorate departments is also to prevent the occurrence of these problems .
he also pointed out that some international organizations do not fully and correctly understand the law enforcement situation of the chinese police .
the latest information provided by the ministry of public security on 14 february shows that in 2004 , the ministry of public security issued the " regulations on putting on record measures for public security organs " for public security organs to keep public security organs " applicable to continuing interrogations , " which better guaranteed that grassroots public security organs can apply the administrative examination and interrogation measures in accordance with law .
since 1997 , in order to promote three treatment projects ( that is , to deal with cases of extorting confessions by torture and to remedy the abuse of police firearms ) , national public security organs ' inspectors and inspectors of police organs have insisted on the frontline law - enforcement units , such as the police patrol team and traffic police patrol , public security supervision and other units , on - the - spot enforcement and supervision units , and on - the - spot warning and reporting
in order to prevent the occurrence of law enforcement problems at the source , the police inspectors have further extended the scope of police inspectors ' role of pager , increased the number of application of calls , inquiries , 110 emergency call - 110 , 10 + 10 + 10 + 10 + interrogation , and investigation of cases involving public security personnel and cases of illegal handling of public security personnel and illegal access to information on board motor vehicles .
hk , macao , taiwan die of illness in taipei
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chairman of the taiwan strait exchange foundation , sun yun - hsuan , who was formerly honorary chairman of the taiwan strait exchange foundation , died of acute heart failure and blood shock in taipei on the early morning of the 15th due to acute infarcation .
sun yun - suan was born on 11 november 1913 in shandong penglai and graduated from the electrical engineering department of harbin industrial university .
he was a member of the 10 th and 13 th kmt central committee , member of the 11 th cpc central committee standing committee , member of the presidium of the 14 th central committee appraisal committee , and member of the 15 th central committee appraisal committee .
the former minister of communications , ji xoji , minister of economy , and others , served as minister of administrative affairs and minister of communications .
heilongjiang promotes project to assess the impact of the songhua river water pollution and to deal with the project .
harbin , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to build a water - sealed water - free zone to prevent pollution in the country 's southwestern province , said a spokesman for the provincial government here today .
the reporter learned from the heilongjiang provincial environmental protection bureau that the yanghua river pollution incident , which was led by the state environmental protection administration , has been divided into 15 special topics , including emergency environmental assessment and countermeasure , and the evaluation of emergency environment and countermeasure of emergency environmental impact , ecological impact assessment and the evaluation of pollution control projects with human health and pollution control projects , and the comprehensive evaluation of chemical pollution control , which will be completed in three stages .
currently , there are more than 60 scientific research institutes in heilongjiang province , and they have undertaken 14 technical research tasks .
the environmental protection department and relevant scientific research institutes will conduct a study on five topics , namely , emergency environmental assessment and countermeasures for emergencies , in an effort to solve environmental problems that the masses are concerned about with urgently .
the concentration of pollutants from the surface is mainly controlled and the total amount of pollutants forecast out of the country , and the impact on the consumption safety of the songhua river , water consumption safety , evaluation of the scattered water from both sides of the river and water and the surface water supply and safety impact of the surface water , and evaluation of the safety of water in cities .
heilongjiang province 's environmental protection department will also intensify environmental supervision along the songhua river and seriously investigate and deal with environmental pollution incidents caused by illegal discharge of pollutants and illegal construction .
heilongjiang will send environmental law enforcement personnel to supervise and guide various localities in comprehensively improving the environment in small river basins and improving the environmental management system such as the xianglan river and other supporting rivers , such as the lhasa river , and so on .
beijing university opens a memorial hall to express condolences on wang xuan
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the united states and china have made great efforts to promote the development of the relations between the two countries , said a senior chinese official here tuesday .
at about 0800 , the mourning hall has not yet opened up . dozens of people have lined up outside the hall .
at the memorial hall at the centenary of beijing university , this reporter saw a black streamer hanging on the wall of the hall : a sunlight in the hall : a silent mourning for academician wang xuan .
the lower part of the horizontal scroll is a huge portrait of wang xuan . he wore glasses , smiling face , and very elegant .
several trees were placed on both sides of the portrait , several tens of wreaths were scattered on both sides .
one of the orange writings : the emperor 's eyes began to play the role of playing the foundation of tang shaohua , sending the lead and the lead , and the contemporary troops were engaged in the painting of the tang dynasty .
the mourning hall was in a mood of sorrow and sad in a solemn atmosphere .
among those mourning people were leaders of beijing university , teachers and students , friends of wang xuan , friends of wang xuan , young students , many neighbors who had never been acquainted with him , and others who had come to express condolences .
some of them held flowers in their hands , some carried flowers in their baskets , and each of them wore small white flowers in their chest , and slowly walked to the portraits of academician wang xuan . they bowed and bowed their hearts .
many people could not help but shed tears .
zhang wenbin , who was once director of the state administration of cultural heritage , is an old alumnus of beijing university . he told the reporter that more than 10 years ago , he was still working in henan province and asked professor wang xuan to give a report on scientific and technological innovation to the provincial party committee cadres .
academician wang xuan is a model for us to learn , and he has made great contributions to the country and society , and the people will never forget him and will never forget him .
professor jin ruilin of the beijing university law school and old friend wang ruilin who had been chosen as wang 's old neighbor for more than 40 years .
a few days ago , he was just discharged from hospital , but today he insisted on bidding farewell to his old friend .
when mr. jin left his address on the book , he could not suppress his grief and sad of tears , which he had snatched from his appearance many times .
he told the reporter that professor wang xuan lived a very frugal life and was a professor now , and he already had very high achievements , but still was very small in a flat for many years .
later , he moved to chengzetan , where he lived in a place of 70 to 80 square meters .
beijing university gave him a 140 - square - meter large building at the blue flag camp , he did not want to , and the high - level housing provided by fang cheng building also did not want to be a sunken .
mr. jin recalled with deep feeling that during his overseas visit , the treatment given by wang xuan would leave him behind , but he would resolutely apologize .
he insisted on not applying for academicians at the beginning of his career before filling out the form after mr. zhou peiyuan 's mobilization many times .
mr jin was deeply moved by wang xuan 's attitude toward cultivating young people , and he repeatedly stressed that he still looks at what achievements i have now , not on myself , but on the one hand should rely on cultivating young people to be like a young man .
mr. jin said : when he was over 50 , wang chin started to pay attention to cultivating young people . he always stressed that to pave the way , he would be willing to take the staircase for the young people to give way .
this very successful scientist , it is very difficult to do it .
this reporter has learned from the news center of beijing university that , from 0900 on 15 february to 1200 on 19 february , the mourning hall of academician wang xuan was opened to the public from 0900 to 1600 hours daily , and is open to the public for condolences by people of all circles .
the cppcc deputy chairman yang lan , who is known as a young man in the contemporary era , said that academician yan suzhi of the chinese academy of sciences , china 's third academician from the world academy of engineering , professor wang xuan , who died of illness in beijing at 11:30 on 13 february , at the age of 70 .
china , chile 's parliament set up mechanism for exchanges
wu bangguo attended the signing ceremony and signed the agreement .
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) wu bangguo , chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) , attended the signing ceremony of an agreement on the establishment of political dialogue between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament at the great hall of the people on the afternoon of the 15th , and signed the agreement .
the exchange mechanism between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament was formally established .
it is learned that president of the chilean parliament romero and president of the chamber of deputies arsenko signed the agreement a few days ago in the chilean capital of santiago .
according to the provisions of the agreement , the two sides will establish political dialogue relations between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament in accordance with the principles set forth in the communique on the establishment of diplomatic relations . the two sides will set up a dialogue committee to hold meetings on a rotational basis in an effort to promote the comprehensive development of bilateral relations .
chilean ambassador to china kavala attended the signing ceremony .
china to promulgate regulations on protection of information network
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) many websites are now using a large number of reprinted news reports , including newspapers and magazines , to increase their clicking rates , but many have not been authorized , and have not been paid for the copyright department .
wang zaiqiang said : according to the current law , the works already published in newspapers and periodicals can not be used as a statement as long as the author does not do anything for a good use . at the same time , the newspaper and periodicals can be retained without the approval of the author . the state copyright bureau has specially set the standard for reprinting newspaper and newspaper reprints in accordance with the law .
however , according to the existing law , the newspaper has the right to issue such a statutory license , and the internet does not enjoy such a legal license right at present .
according to the relevant judicial interpretation of the supreme people 's court , the use of the legal license for newspaper and periodical reprints can be applied on the internet , that is , short articles published on the internet , the author does not make a declaration on small legal reporting , and the internet can not be used as a reward , and at the same time it is necessary to pay .
however , since judicial interpretation does not require remuneration standards , there is no price to pay for these works on the internet .
zongxi 's use of these small works published on the internet is not applicable to the law , and it is also necessary to determine what is not permitted to do .
wang ziqiang said : do you think it is a legal scope for the time being ? and if it is promulgated this year , the regulations on protecting the right to spread information networks will be affirmed and observed .
russian military says georgian parliament resolution not to affect russian peacekeeping operations
moscow , february 15 ( xinhua ) russian defense ministry press officer sergei ivanov told the media on the 15th that the georgian parliament 's resolution on the russian peacekeeping forces will not affect russian troops ' peacekeeping operations in the short term , and the russian military will continue to carry out peacekeeping missions in the areas where the south ossetia conflict is going on .
the chairman of the russian state duma ( lower house ) cis affairs committee , kono , said in a statement on the georgian parliament 's resolution on the russian peacekeeping force that day that the resolution would undermine the stability of the situation in the region and would have an unfavorable impact on russian - georgian relations .
he stressed : the georgian parliament resolution has once again made the relations between russia and georgia worsening .
he said : the accusations made by the georgian side against the russian side are absurd .
the georgian parliament passed a resolution on the same day , calling on the russian peacekeeping forces to stop their peacekeeping operations in south ossetia , but it did not set a specific deadline for the withdrawal of russian peacekeeping forces .
georgia accuses russian peacekeepers of not fulfilling their obligations and regarding russia 's actions in the conflict area as a indulging attempt to swallow the territory of georgia .
the georgian parliament called on the government to take positive action to consider sending peacekeeping troops to the region to replace the current russian peacekeeping operations in the region .
the georgian parliament also instructed the government to revise and define relevant agreements for russian peacekeeping personnel to enter the conflict area .
south ossetia is an autonomous state of georgia and adjacent to the republic of north ossetia of russia .
after the disintegration of the former soviet union , it declared independence on its own and was in a state of confrontation with the georgian central government for a long time .
at present , russia has a peacekeeping battalion of 500 people in the region .
the unit was formed in accordance with the conditions of the troops , signed in 1992 by russia 's side of sukhoo north ossetia and qilu , south ossetia .
four responsible persons of the liaoyuan hospital fire will be charged with suspected major responsible accident
changchun , february 16 ( xinhua ) the first group of people killed in a fire in the central hospital of liaoyuan city in jilin province , said the accident investigation group of the hospital , including zhang diankun , head of the hospital 's power squad , and four others , will be prosecuted for the crime of suspected major responsibility .
on 15 december 2005 , liaoyuan city 's largest hospital , no . 3 hospital , was hit by a fire , which eventually killed 39 people .
in this fire , the area of fire was over 5,000 square meters .
it is understood that this is a most serious incident in the nation 's medical and health system since the founding of new china .
according to investigations , about 1630 on the day of the accident , the power supply in the central hospital of liaoyuan city suddenly stopped . according to the hospital 's circuit design , if the power - switch box gate is to automatically jump to the secondary gate and continue to maintain normal power supply at the hospital , the power gate was not at the automatic diving gate at that time , but the head of the electric work squad , zhang diankun , was forced to send
and at that time , the underground cable cable cables , a dozen or so cables , which were smoke - generating , were entangled together without a break , and similar cables should be put up in a neat and put up fire layers .
therefore , the 57 - year - old zhao yongchun , head of the electrical installation unit of liaoyuan textile company , sun fenglin , a retired cadre ( senior engineer ) of the power industry bureau , returned to the post of retired worker of liaoyuan city 's central hospital , and three jin chengtai , who was also suspected of being involved in a major accident , will be prosecuted .
china 's guizhou first tour to cater for rural tourism
guiyang , february 16 ( xinhua ) the water conservancy project at tianlong town of tianlong village , pingba county , guizhou province , on the morning of the 16th was filled with joy and joy .
at 10 : 30 in the morning , after the five valleys ' year activities ended , an 80 - year - old veteran zheng peqin , who was in the blue and blue shirts , kicked off the first shot of the tour style of guizhou , a tour of china 's rural areas .
tin lung tuen mun village is a typical representative of guizhou 's rural tourism development and a national village tourism demonstration site .
as the descendant of the ming dynasty , qunbao , which has been a unit of the troops , has been a unit of more than 600 years old .
here , we can see from all over the world the old han culture and uniforms of the ancient han dynasty , which are wearing wide - sleeved blue long cheats , are preserved in the village of tatberg .
it is understood that tianlong village , relying on this cultural and traditional advantage , has developed rural cultural tourism since 2002 , and in 2005 the ticket revenue alone will reach 3.8 - million yuan . over 47,000 - plus peasant households in the village have received income from transportation through food and drink , and selling tourist products . the average per capita income of peasants who participate in tourism has increased from over 1,300 yuan in 2002 to 2,605 yuan in 2005 .
yang shengming , director of the guizhou provincial tourism bureau , said that after the first tourist model of tianlong tuen , the new rural areas , new tourism , new tourism , new experience , new breast flavour , and new themes , the various rural tourism activities launched in various places in guizhou this year will reach 35 .
so far , guizhou has carried out various village tourism projects in more than 130 villages . by 2005 , more than 600,000 peasant households in the province had extricated themselves from poverty through developing tourism .
in january , housing prices in 70 cities across the country rose 5.55 percent , and housing prices in shanghai continued to decline .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the total number of housing sales in 70 large and medium - sized cities across the country increased by 5.5 percent in january , a 0.7 percentage point drop from the previous month , according to the national bureau of statistics ( nbs ) .
the housing price in shanghai continued to decline .
china 's national development and reform commission announced today that 70 large and medium - sized cities have sold their housing prices to a small increase in january , a sharp increase in the number of large and medium - sized cities over the same period last year , and the growth rate of hehohhot has exceeded 10 percent , while shanghai 's housing sales prices have continued to decline , a decline of 0.44 percent compared with the same period last year .
statistics from the same notes show that in the first quarter of last year , the sales prices of shanghai 's housing rose 19.11 percent over the same period last year , and following that , there was a turning point , and a slight decline in the second half of last year .
in january this year , the prices of newly built residential housing in 70 large and medium - sized cities increased 6.9 percent year - on - year , 0.2 percentage points lower than the previous month .
new houses were built in dalian , 18.9990 percent of tongtan and haoshan 14.77 percent , shenzhen 's 10.01-1-1 percent beijing , 8.44 percent beijing , shanghai 's 3.11 percent decline compared with the same period last year .
the cpc central committee organization department urged further efforts to strengthen supervision over the selection and appointment of leading cadres and cadres
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the central organization department recently printed and distributed opinions on strengthening the work of supervising cadres .
the opinions urged organization departments at all levels to proceed from strict management and care for cadres , and see to it that cadre supervision is permeated with all links in the daily management of selecting and appointing cadres during the inspection and examination of cadres , establish and perfect a supervisory mechanism for strengthening supervision on prevention and redressing problems in a timely fashion , and earnestly strengthen supervision over the selection and appointment of leading cadres and cadres .
the opinion pointed out : the main task of supervising cadres of organization departments is to supervise leading bodies and leading cadres , with the stress on strengthening supervision over principal responsible persons of leading bodies , and second , to supervise the selection and appointment of leading cadres of party and government organizations , and to focus on the implementation of the " regulations on the work of selecting and appointing party and government leading cadres . "
in the area of supervision over leading bodies and leading cadres , the opinions pointed out : we should make unremitting efforts to do a good job in education on ideals and convictions and in the education on fighting corruption and promoting honest government . we should guide and supervise leading cadres to strengthen the cultivation of party spirit , persist in building a party that governs for the people , and build a strong ideological and moral defense line against corruption and degeneration .
when talking about newly promoted cadres , we should set clear requirements for honesty and self - discipline .
we should urge the leading bodies at all levels to uphold democratic centralism , establish and perfect rules and procedures for discussing matters and making decisions , and seriously implement systems for combining collective leadership with individual responsibility .
we should give prominence to supervising the principal responsible persons of leading bodies , and the responsible persons of organization ( personnel ) departments should often talk with the principal responsible persons of the leading bodies at the lower level to understand their ideological work and style of work .
establish and perfect the system of exercising management and supervision over leading cadres on a daily basis , and regularly understand and analyze the ideological and work style of the leading cadres , and put forward opinions and measures for resolving problems .
the system of holding discussions and letters of leading cadres should be implemented . when problems of a tendency to show signs of symptoms are discovered , admonitory talks or inquiries should be promptly admonished .
we should seriously investigate and understand the outstanding problems that the masses have reported , and give criticism and education or corresponding organizational handling if there are problems , and transfer them to law - enforcement organs for investigation and handling , and adopt appropriate methods to clarify those who have been found to have no problems in the investigations .
at the same time , we should combine strengthening supervision with encouraging cadres to boldly explore new ways and blaze new trails and pay attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the opinions urged : the organization ( personnel ) departments at all levels should earnestly strengthen supervision over the selection and appointment of leading party and government cadres .
we should further improve the mechanism for recommending cadres , for examination and nomination , for discussion and discussion of decisions , and for strictly implementing the system of selecting and appointing cadres . we should strive to maintain the good image of cadres who are politically reliable and competent and can be trusted to leading posts at all levels by selecting and promoting cadres who are highly qualified by the masses .
we should step up inspection of the implementation of the regulations on the appointment of cadres , seriously investigate and deal with acts that violate the regulations on the appointment of cadres , and resolutely check unhealthy trends and corrupt phenomena in the use of cadres .
it is necessary to implement a system of supervising and investigating serious violations of the law on the use of human resources , and intensify supervision and punishment .
establish and perfect a system for investigating and affixing responsibility for the work of selecting and appointing cadres ; and scientifically define the main body responsibility for every link of the work of selecting and appointing cadres in accordance with the principle of having one 's power and responsibility , and define the methods for investigating and affixing responsibility , and intensify the investigation and affixing of the responsibility .
we should give full play to the role of the masses in supervising , and establish a mechanism for reporting cases that can easily serve safety and efficiency .
give play to the role of public opinion supervision , report to the media in a timely manner the relevant situation of the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres , and accept public opinion supervision .
the opinion points out that we should further improve the mechanism for coordinating and coordinating cadre supervision .
organization ( personnel ) departments should strengthen coordination with discipline inspection organs , establish a system of work - related communication with discipline inspection organs on the work of improving party style and promoting clean government among cadres , and strengthen the joint supervision and joint efforts .
and work with discipline inspection organs to do a good job in inspection work , improve inspection methods , perfect inspection systems , and improve inspection quality .
together with auditing organs , we must conscientiously implement the economic responsibility auditing system for leading cadres .
we should improve the internal mechanism for supervising the selection and appointment of cadres in organization departments .
taiwan authorities take measures to impose high - tech sanctions on mainland china
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the economic affairs department of the taiwan authorities decided on the 15th to punish taiwan 's shijing shichang company , one of its two sons , lianhua electronics co. ltd. ( called united telecommunications power ) , 5 million new taiwan dollars , for reasons that were involved in illegal activities of providing aid to the mainland 's newly established and mainland - established enterprises .
taiwan 's " chung - kuo shih - pao " reported that chen shui - bian threw out his positive and effective cross - strait economic and trade policy proposals , and the taiwan authorities imposed a penalty on taiwan businessmen investing in the mainland .
according to reports , suoji officials from taiwan 's ministry of economy said that they were punished by united microelectronics because they violated the regulations governing cross - strait relations and the measures for allowing investment or technological cooperation in the mainland region under the people 's regulations on cross - strait relations and the regulations on the people on both sides of the strait .
he will look at the situation in future , and will look on the situation , and then punish former chairman of united power , cao xingcheng , and others .
the suckling power case started in february 2005 , when the taiwan prosecutor 's department mobilized up to a hundred people to carry out a surprise check on the housing and office of several high - level personnel , claiming that the united power company was suspected of providing illegal capital and human resources to the warships with science and technology that invested in the mainland .
then , tsao hsing - cheng , chairman of the board of directors of united microelectronics , openly said that unp had not violated any regulations of the taiwan authorities . the purpose of the united microelectronics to provide assistance to hejian technology was to serve the long - term interests of united microelectronics . if united microelectronics does not enter the mainland market as soon as possible , it will lose business opportunities .
later , the taiwan authorities ' hew supervision and management committee used excuse to violate regulations concerning commercial information disclosure to impose a fine of nt $ 3 million on united microelectronics .
on january 9 , 2006 , the united microelectronics board accepted tso 's resignation , and cao xingcheng was formally charged several hours later for suspected violation of regulations in investing in the mainland .
united microelectronics and taiwan semiconductor industry company ( called + shixin , + shijiazhuang , ) also claimed that taiwan 's shijing shichang su - shicheng is a leading high - tech enterprise on the island .
the series of actions taken by the taiwan authorities to investigate and handle united microelectronics over the past year have attracted the great attention of all circles on the island .
second term of macao 's traditional sunshine competition opens to chinese worldwide
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the second term of my heart , lizhen lizhen , was announced in beijing on the 17th that the organizing committee of the third long march contest in macao , which is composed of popular works with me , has been held in macao .
the contest was jointly sponsored by the macao foundation and the baihua literary and art press , " the overseas edition of the proverb , " and was chaired by chen jiangong , vice chairman of the chinese writers association .
on the fifth anniversary of macao 's return to the motherland in 2004 , the first time i was holding an ethnic tibetan qiongwen contest in my heart , and the domestic and foreign literature enthusiasts responded positively , the organizing committee received more than 8,000 entries , and more than 10 award winners from home and abroad were invited to receive prizes in the macao sar .
wu chih - liang , executive member of the macao foundation , told a news conference on the 17th that last year , xiangcheng district in macao was listed as a world cultural heritage list , which not only showed that the long - standing life and community management model in macao has been affirmed by the people of the world , but also implied that the chinese nation 's , different types of friendly and loving traditions in the macao sar have been passed on and developed , and the macao sar government has decided
wu said that it is precisely in this good cultural atmosphere that the macao foundation and the baihua literary and art publishing house , " the outer space of the prose culture , " decided to cooperate again to hold the second cross - strait popular ribbon contest in macao , which i am deeply convinced that the participants will display their patriotic feelings of love for macao , their unique cultural atmosphere and the new elegant and elegant image of macao , as well as the thriving new eleg@@
according to briefings , the competition was completed on 1 september this year , and " the foreign edition of the printers " will open a special column to select entries .
after the result of the selection is announced , a prize presentation ceremony will be held in the macao sar in early 2007 .
shandong successfully implemented a heart transplant operation for infants
jinan , february 17 ( xinhua ) the blood - control disease research institute of the jinan military region recently successfully implemented a heart transplant operation for infants from the heart of the infant .
on the 17th , the reporter saw in the intensive care room that 51 days after the operation , the baby was full of face and was in full red . all monitoring and inspection indicators were normal and passed the dangerous period of the operation , and were happily playing with the toys bought by medical personnel .
according to the doctor who was receiving the treatment on that day , the parents of the adult from the rural village of tai'an , shandong , were admitted to the hospital , and all of them were young and purple , and had difficulty in breathing . after checking , they were diagnosed with a concubine - type anthrosis - type congenital heart disease and needed to be transplant the heart .
heart transplant is the most difficult , most complicated operation in heart operation .
in particular , the heart transplant operations of infants under one year are still open in china .
the jinan military region 's center for cardiovascular disease organized experts to repeatedly argue over the night , carefully designed an operation and post - operation surveillance plan , and made independent innovations to find the method for conformity of blood vessels and conducted an animal test .
at 0800 hours on 28 december 2005 , the operation officially began .
the body was made from a male patient who suffered a heart failure because of her inactive primitive lung .
the surgery must consist of six blood vessels , more than 510 injections , and each needle is less than 3 mm .
the operation was completely successful in 295 minutes .
state administration of safety supervision : curbing excessive occurrence of coal mine accidents this year
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) four cases of one accident in a row involving more than 100 people were reported in the past year , causing serious disruption to coal mine production and other serious accidents to occur in china , said liu , head of the central task force in china 's safety supervision work .
the reporter learned from the state administration of production safety on 17 july that it is necessary to really curb the frequent occurrence of extraordinarily serious accidents , such as coal mines , and coal mines are the most important tasks .
this year , the state administration of safety supervision and administration of safety will do the following three things well :
hezi continued to fight a tough battle in gas control .
the gas control program will put itself on a prominent position this year , before it can take on a heat .
if the high gas mine does not take a long time before it can start drying out , then it will take a cushion and order it to stop production according to law .
hezy continued to fight a battle of rectifying and closing down .
we must make public the 5243 cases which have been made public to the public , and add to the death penalty of one of the more than 700 coal mines reported recently by various localities .
we should regard closing down as routine work and keep closed down those coal mines that do not cause pollution to the environment and do not have safety conditions .
hezi strengthen the basic management of coal mine safety .
it is necessary to immediately correct the practices of using a small number of large state - owned mines to slide and guide the establishment of a standardized safety management system .
in particular , key state - owned coal mines must not allow overheating production of overheating coal .
this year 's production safety control index demands that the number of deaths from various accidents across the country be reduced by 3 percent as compared with last year , and coal mines in this regard go down by 3.55 percent .
an extraordinarily serious accident involving more than 10 people at one time must have dropped by 5 percent , with coal mines falling by 7 percent .
these control quotas have been assigned to provincial - level people 's governments , and localities are now implementing them at various levels .
statistics show that in 2005 , 5986 coal mine accidents were killed in the whole country , a drop of 0.77 percent from the same period last year .
however , the exceptionally serious accident that killed more than 10 people on one occasion returned to its head , and the number of victims was up 66.6 percent year - on - year .
barroso calls for positive compromise in kosovo talks
belgrade , february 17 ( xinhua ) the european union ( eu ) will continue to implement a series of measures to promote the development of the european union ( eu ) in kosovo , said a report from the european commission ( ec ) here thursday .
barroso met with cote d'ivoire 's president sidididiouchi , serb serbs and representatives of serbs , saying that the parties concerned in kosovo should adopt a tolerant attitude to establish a democratic and multi - ethnic minorities mingled kosovo , and only a kosovo which respects the government 's ruling power and protects the rights and interests of the minorities can be recognized by the international community .
he also stressed that the european commission will do its best to help kosovo develop .
barroso also expressed his appreciation for kosovo 's current difficulties in implementing the eight standards set by the united nations for kosovo 's democratic process .
he said that the implementation of these standards is a key factor affecting kosovo 's integration with europe .
he also called on all serbs in kosovo to join the institutions of kosovo , and make positive contributions to the realization of democracy and multi - ethnic integration .
barroso arrived in pristina on the same day for a one - day visit .
earlier , barroso visited croatia and serbia and montenegro and will also visit macedonia 's sunni and bosnia - herzegovina .
( winter olympics , stimulant ) news analysis : the incident of sending children may not end .
xinhua news agency , turin , february 17 , the world 's biggest economic crisis in the world is expected to end in the next few days , the report said
xinhua news agency , gao peng , ying ding
although italy 's repeated orders said that the use of the stimulant athletes discovered during the turin winter olympics could be facing a life - saving disaster , judging from various circumstances at present , this situation is not likely to happen in the first doping scandal at this olympic games , the main player of the stimulant group , the russian winter champion , the russian sports champion , osiva , the russian police , was involved .
the turin winter olympics opened on the 16th , the first doping scandal since the opening ceremony . o. villev was uncovered and used banned drug cards and candores .
the international olympic committee announced the following day that the carvinova had been excluded from the winter olympics . she won the silver medal for the winter second women 's 15 - kilometer individual contest at this winter olympics .
the international winter monument alliance made an appeal on the same day to the two - year ban on the distribution of children .
the ioc has long stipulated that athletes have been found to be using stimulants at the olympic games , and they will be removed from their qualification , but they will not be punished by the law .
however , according to italian law , athletes carrying and using stimulants are criminal acts , and the judiciary has the right to directly arrest and investigate athletes who use stimulants , and those who defy the law are also facing imprisonment of not waiting for three months to three years .
in december of last year , the international olympic committee and the italian government , after a year of hard bargaining , finally reached an agreement , and both sides agreed to handle the issue of athletes using stimulant according to italian law during the winter olympics .
through the unremitting efforts of the international olympic committee , italy made concessions four days before the opening of the winter olympics , promising that the police would not enter the olympic village to search the athletes ' place . however , the dismissed athletes who are positive in the field will still be investigated by the italian procuratorial organ .
according to reports , the italian government supervises the turin winter olympics officials have already sent the kisiac case to the duling procuratorial organ .
however , the ioc and peter campus have not yet confirmed the matter .
russian winter 2 team team doctor andy demiotsov revealed at noon on the 17th that lina had left turin and returned to china .
he has been in charge of the world anti - doping agency for many years . shi kangcheng said that once the leva has returned to china , this matter will eventually be left unfinished .
shi kang said : the international olympic committee and the italian government have never been engaged in a thorough resolution on the issue of anti - stimulant at the olympic games , and even the italian procuratorial organ has really intervened in this matter , and it is hard to say the result is also difficult to say .
according to the previous verdict on the use of stimulant by italian athletes , the heaviest punishment on the banned is only two years ' imprisonment cushioning period .
therefore , senior reporter pierre of italy 's andsa news agency said that the possibility of leva entering prison is very small , and most of it is a fine .
pierre also said that although the italian court could be held in a absence trial , italian police could not possibly go abroad to take the placard of carlva and take a sentence .
if the court sent the leva to refuse to accept the verdict , italy would not have found her to be in a position .
new bird flu outbreak sites in the world
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the bird flu virus has spread further in the african continent , according to a report by xinhua news agency 's foreign correspondent .
the world health organization confirmed on the 17 th that three areas in egypt have been found to have died of bird flu virus .
in europe , france also discovered the 5 strain bird flu virus for the first time , and europe has been highly vigilant against and strengthened epidemic prevention measures .
hassan bush , who 's eastern mediterranean adviser , told the press on the 17th that the current situation in qizsa in central egypt and three regions in mingya in the southern region have been infected with 56q1 bird flu virus , and the relevant departments of the egyptian government have begun to kill poultry suspected of having been infected with avian flu .
the experts pointed out that egypt is an important channel for migratory birds in the middle east and north africa , and there is a great possibility that migratory birds will carry the avian flu virus into the country .
egypt has announced a ban on the import of live poultry from abroad and stepped up quarantine work at border ports .
a family of chicken farmers in the cameroon capital of yaounde had died in the past week .
cameroon has decided to suspend all poultry and pork imports from nigeria , where the bird flu outbreak has occurred , and to suspend the trade of poultry and related products in all markets of the two countries ' borders .
the cameroonian government also set up a nationwide epidemic monitoring network within a short period of time , and the basedad center and national veterinary laboratory of the country are in an emergency state , so as to conduct laboratory tests on this 5model virus at any time .
in europe , denmark and sweden initially ruled out the epidemic on the 17th .
the swedish veterinary research institute released the test results on the dead swans found on wednesday this week , indicating that swedish swans have not been infected with the avian flu virus .
the preliminary laboratory results of the danish state veterinary administration also showed that 30 dead swans were not infected with the avian flu virus in denmark .
however , the agriculture department said that denmark should not take it lightly .
nine bird flu - hit areas have been reported in romania , eastern europe this year , who experts said in bucharest on the 17th that bird flu has occurred in almost all parts of the danube delta and that romania may be affected by avian flu in the next three or five years .
in bangladesh , asia , the government has taken all necessary measures to prevent avian flu .
the government 's home and livestock services bureau provided to the relevant officials books on bird flu prevention and also organized poultry rearing personnel to carry out training .
( newspaper clippings ) china 's first blood information management system completed in zhejiang
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the first chinese blood information management and control network system has been officially completed and put into operation in the center , according to a report from the zhejiang provincial blood center .
a relevant person in charge of the blood center in zhejiang province said that this means that any citizen will take part in the free blood donation activities of any county ( + xiangfan district ) in zhejiang province in the future , and that there will be a unique coding record for his blood record . once again , he needs to import the number of his blood , the life record of any concerned individual , the blood record , the blood record of his blood , and the blood record of his blood don@@
the responsible person further explained that if the relevant coding record is input , the system shows that the interval between the blood donors is not yet reached , and the notice will be inconsistent with the condition of blood donation .
this will not only protect the health of the blood donors themselves , but also effectively protect the health and safety of the blood users .
in addition , when blood supply is strained , blood donors and their families have priority in blood use , and as long as you input the effective documents of the blood donors , you can immediately show the information of the blood donors , which is quite convenient .
according to a report by hangzhou " morning post today , " this information system has been put into use in all 36 blood transfusion organizations across the province . the blood resources of all blood transfusion and blood suppliers across the province can also be shown real - time , and data can be shared across the province .
the philippine government has decided to withdraw 11 villages from the country in order to prevent a recurrence of mountain landslide
manila , february 18 ( xinhua ) the philippine government has decided to impose a ban on the sale of farm produce in 11 villages in the eastern part of the country in order to prevent a recurrence of similar landslide , a local official said on wednesday .
the official of the south leitte province , rotte larias , said on the same day that the villages were located in the same area with the village that was hit by a mountain - slide on the 17th .
residents of 11 villages that have been evacuated will be placed in seven withdrawal centers .
leris said that the government ordered the evacuation of residents yesterday and sent people to inspect these villages today because some people did not want to leave their homes .
the landslide incident occurred on the 17th in a mountain village on the back of a mountain in the southern town of saint beth sodium in southern lehem . from the tv images , soil and rocks have buried the village , and can only be seen on several roofs .
since the soil is very thick and very humid , people who are buried below can survive very little .
so far , 109 people have been killed and 57 others have been rescued .
according to estimates , the death toll from this accident may be as high as 1,800 .
( overseas chinese in fujian ) quanzhou , southern fujian , jan. 26
fuzhou , february 19 ( xinhua ) the export of quanzhou city in january this year continued to maintain a high growth rate .
according to customs statistics , in january , quanzhou 's export reached $ 330 - million , setting the best record in history , increasing 35.2 percent year - on - year , higher than the province 's average growth rate .
according to the analysis of the quanzhou city foreign economic and trade bureau , the reason why quanzhou 's foreign trade can grow at a high rate in january was mainly because , with the effect of the several measures of foreign trade support services in quanzhou , the enterprises ' export enthusiasm is running high , the quanzhou economy is operating actively , enterprises ' confidence in operation is strengthened , and the high efficiency and smooth foreign trade development environment is being developed .
