this is the first time that the death of a woman was found stolen from two mobile phones in the wat .
london , june 6 , 2007
the daily bulletin in london pointed out that two video cameras , which had a record of the death of princess diana in paris in 1997 , were used by the former metropolitan police chief 's office .
the report pointed out that the theft had triggered speculation that the computer might have hidden a computer that was made up of former metropolitan police chief sir smith .
however , a big metropolis police constable said that the computer did not have any sensitive information .
" the chinese government has always been a supporter of the nobel prize - winning police , " sir smith said in a statement .
the report said that nosamia police had been operating in the past 10 days , and that the two suspects had been tracing the suspects .
a suicide bombing incident occurred in the south china sea from january 28 to 29 , which included both computers and cash , and the second theft occurred last week .
the norino police also said that there was no evidence indicating that the two theft cases and the sir thomas smith 's work were related to .
" the chinese government has always been looking for the death of princess wales , not directly directing the cause of the accident .
the royal autopsy officer , mr robert bryant , ordered in 2004 to continue to investigate the relevant evidence .
the car bomb was found in a school in the united states on august 31 , 1997 , when she was in a traffic accident in paris .
the french police have found the case after two years of investigation , and believed that it was the cause of the accident , which was caused by the driver 's drink driving and drug use .
the sri lankan war party agreed to hold talks in geneva late october
afp , lun po .
the place of peaceful mediation is a " very important " international peace agreement , which was signed by the sri lankan war organization in geneva , switzerland , on 22 may , in an effort to end the decades - old racial bloody conflict .
the norwegian peace envoy solheim held talks with the tanzanian liberation tiger organization in london , and the two sides were pleased to make the breakthrough .
the norwegian embassy in beijing said in a statement that all the parties involved in the conflict , and that the sri lankan government and the tiger liberation tigers organization ( tigers ) urged the norwegian government to assist in the negotiations held in geneva on february 22 nd and 23 rd two days .
two days of negotiations will focus on how to strengthen the negotiations on the " cease - fire agreement " which came into effect on 23 february 2002 , and the agreement has not been fully observed by both sides .
the norwegian embassy said that both sides will discuss ways to improve the cease - fire agreement , which is also the first time that the two sides have held face - to - face negotiations at such a high level in the past three years .
solhaiim said that he will lead a team of norway to participate in the negotiations , and the tamil tiger group , which is composed of the barzengkhan team , will lead the sri lankan government .
he said : this is the road to peace .
the resolution of the sri lankan racial conflict , the first face - to - face negotiations , was held in japan in march 2003 , but the tiger liberation tiger , tamil eelam , cancelled the original seventh round of talks scheduled for april 2003 in thailand .
du lin 's winter olympics opened south and north koreas join hands in opening
the coalition forces , duolin , france , april 10 , 2007 ( afp )
article 20 winter olympics opens today in dulin
south korean woman 's skating skating competitor lee po - la and north korean men 's flower skating player han zheng - jen were respectively the head of the national team of the two countries and led the south korean team into the winter olympics games .
this is the first time that the south korean team won the bid for the olympic games in the winter olympics .
to reflect the recent developments in the relations of reconciliation between the two sides , the snowy sydney summer olympics in 2002 and the athens olympics in 2004 , the representatives from south korea and north korea both entered the team .
north korea did not participate in the joint military exercise held in salt lake city , the united states .
the korean peninsula was split into one of the three major countries in the north , south korea , and communism , in 1948 . the two sides fought a mutual hostility during the korean war from 1950 to 1953 .
the ancient silk road , south korea , in 2000 , was a peace summit , and bilateral relations have improved .
according to the tradition , the greek team is the first country to enter , and in the 80 countries that participated in the competition , south korea is the 22 nd largest country , with 23 rd among the countries .
the landlord and the national volunteers were the last admission country , and when the rightist team entered the venue , the sports ground immediately sounded a warm cheering and front - pounding applause .
" we have been looking for a drug to be made , " he said
new york , april 16 , 2007
the united states , which is recognized as the most hopeful to win this year 's olympic games , and the movie " ozone : cold blood "
" we are very pleased to see that the us government has made a decision on the arms race between the two countries , " he said in a press interview with cbs magazine 60 minutes ago .
at that time , he was only 20 , and he just started to graduate from the new york university 's drama department , and enter a five - brighter society . he quickly rotated every day , and finally turned his head into a coma and flagging , and lost control .
he was a young man who was 22 years old . he was there to kick off drunk and drug - cured , that was the most panic in his life .
the upcoming meeting will be held in oscar next month .
on the same day , he was very excited about his superb performance and had already won the approval of many prize - winning entries , including the best male lead in a golden ball .
the 38 - year - old actor said during the interview that if he did not pain before becoming a famous , he would not be able to get any " good " habit .
he said that he envy those people who were 19 and suddenly become famous .
the whereabouts of the bird flu are four european countries , nigeria , and liberia .
brussels , april 16 , 2007 ( afp )
the virus has been continuously spreading in europe , causing panic .
the european commission 's executive committee has set up another wave of control , making the discovery of the virus - infected areas under management , prohibiting the transportation of birds to live birds .
the african minister of nigeria , niger , has discovered the deadly virus , and the epidemic has been continuously expanded to more farms .
egyptian officials are investigating a suicide car bomb in the south .
the european chicken market is affected by the virus , and the big decline is not so serious that the eu executive committee stressed .
the executive committee is responsible for the health and food safety executive committee , dip said that the public is concerned about this matter , but it does not need to react too much .
following the previous practice of the virus , the three - kilometer area surrounding the area of the infected and the 10 - kilometer alert zone , the eu executive committee again came up with new regulations , and the european region found the virus all among the virus were among the drifting districts .
a woman who refused to be named said that the eu is very nervous and that they are going to live in a nutshell every day and night to handle reports from various parts of europe that suspected the outbreak of the disease has already broken out .
the european region has so far received 1,385 deaths from ivoire , and australia , she said she has made herself aware of the statesmen 's decision to establish a bridge between the two countries in europe and russia , and this is almost totally the case of the disease among the countries in the world .
romania announced on the 16 th that the 31 st case , slovenia , austria , and the ruegen island of germany were also found .
italy 's southern part is a small duck with a bird flu virus , a major bird flu outbreak in europe .
eu officials are most worried about the imminent return of migratory birds from africa .
the nigerian government is stepping up its efforts to prevent the virus from spreading to humans in the african continent .
the government of nigeria announced that all the poultry farmers in the area of five kilometers ( about 5 kilometers ) of infected farms , regardless of whether they are threatened by the virus , will be destroyed without exception .
the neighboring countries of nepal and japan announced that the country has entered a state of alert and allocated $ 4 million to the emergency plan to monitor and control the border between nigeria and nigeria .
the newly established national emergency committee said that they received notification that , under the two countries ' slackness on the border , nearly 400 poultry were found dead .
china electronics group 's new business regulation to be implemented on march 1
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 6 ( reporter han jie and xu bo ) - - the reporter learned on the 6th that the " electronic banking business management measures " and " electronic banking safety evaluation guidelines " issued recently by the china banking regulatory commission will be effective on 1 march 2006 .
the china banking regulatory commission ( cbrc ) said that according to the regulations of the management measures , the approval methods of foreign - funded financial institutions have basically remained unchanged , that is , after foreign banks have been allowed to open their internet banking business , they should report the principal report of the branch to the bank in china for unified examination and approval .
to standardize the operation of commercial banks in using the internet to develop banking business , the people 's bank of china promulgated the " interim measures for managing the business of internet banking " in june 2001 .
the china banking regulatory commission ( cbrc ) said that with the constant development of the electronic banking business , the interim measures could no longer meet the requirements of the regulation of risks in electronic banking .
according to the spokesperson of the china banking regulatory commission , the cbrc has made a clear decision on the quality of the safety evaluation organization , which is different from the nature of administrative licensing for the qualification of the industry or the qualification of an enterprise . it is not a necessary condition for the evaluation agency to conduct the electronic banking safety assessment business , and it is only a reference for the financial institution to select and assess the evaluation agency .
as long as the safety assessment organization meets the relevant requirements and requirements , even if it does not have the qualification certification of the cbrc , the financial institution may employ it to conduct an electronic banking safety assessment , but it should exercise management according to the relevant regulations .
the electronic banking business management measures have taken nine chapters and 99 items , with a wide range of issues , including the general departments applying for change of risk management data exchange and management , and the management of cross - border business activities management , etc. management regulations on legal responsibility and supplementary provisions , etc.
the electronic banking safety assessment guidelines have five chapters and 57 articles , which are divided into four categories : general security assessment ; assessment of security ; implementation of management and supplementary provisions for security assessment activities .
" mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , deng xiaoping , and chen yun on investigation and research " published
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 6 , the " selected works of mao zedong , zhou enlai , deng xiaoping , and chen yun " compiled by the central party literature research center recently was published and distributed by the central literature publishing house .
we should conduct investigation and study in a deepgoing manner , persist in integrating theory with practice , and formulate and implement correct line , principles , and policies , which is the basic experience and basic method of the reform under the leadership of the cpc .
comrade mao zedong 's enlightened liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , and other revolutionaries of the older generation made a series of important expositions on the issues of investigation and study , and they also frequently went to the grass - roots units to conduct social surveys and wrote many investigation reports .
they investigated and studied the practice and results of the study and played an important role in guiding the party and the people 's cause to develop along the correct road .
" mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , deng xiaoping , and chen yun on investigation and study " are divided into three parts : the first part is the report of the older generation of revolutionaries , including mao zedong , on investigation and study , and the second part was the documentary on investigation and study by mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation , and the third part was the three older generation investigation groups of the mao zedong sent and liu enqi , and
the survey reports were mostly the first time they were made public .
in addition , the two articles on the " taiwan independence " activities of the central leaders in the 1950 s and 1960 s of the last century are also included .
russia reiterates adherence to one china policy
xinhua news agency , moscow , february 6 , russian deputy foreign minister alekseyev said here today that russia will continue to adhere to the one - china policy .
alexander alekseyev said that russia has noticed that chen shui - bian 's recent remarks about taiwan independence .
the russian government has always adhered to the one - china principle and firmly supported china 's efforts to realize the great cause of national reunification .
last year , china 's npc passed the " anti - secession law , " and russia took the lead in openly expressing support .
alexander alekseyev said that the russian foreign ministry will issue a statement as soon as possible to oppose independence and advocate independence .
chinese vice - premier meets us president beijing , oct. 20
xinhua news agency , johannesburg , february 6 ( reporter chen ming ) - the chinese people 's association for friendship with foreign countries of fujian province , lin yixing , was attacked by local militants in his bars in the early morning of 5 february local time . on the morning of 6 february , he died of rescue at the burundan hospital in the south african judicial capital of buruntan .
according to the report by li wenming , president of the liberian provincial chinese federation , the incident occurred in the huohuanlan city , more than 130 kilometers northwest of burundian .
at that time , the shop owner lin yixing had stolen goods inside the station and was ready to end the business for a day .
at this time , three customers were still in the shop , one of them pulled out their guns and rushed into the station to engage in robbery .
over 40 years old , lin yixing and the ringleaders fought against the ringleaders . the scoundrels fired one shot at lin yixing and then fled .
after hearing the news , the local people turned lin yixing to the hospital for treatment . because of the physique of lin yixing , the blood pipe sediments of the whole body of lin yixing were not stopped , and died at around 3 : 30 a. m . on 6 february .
on 6 february , the chinese consulate general in bhumibol wu was the first chinese consulate general in the country and the vice chairman of the association of fujian compatriots in south africa , lin changming , and others went to burundian to help the families of the deceased handle the aftermath of the accident .
" the government will continue to provide assistance to the victims in the fight against the crime , " said lin yixing , who is also the third chinese to be shot to death by the culprits within 36 hours .
( selected newspaper collections ) shanghai : part - time staff and graduates of higher education become the main force of hours of work
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 7 , the labor and social security bureau of shanghai released on the 6th the latest annual salary rate for hours , and the number of instructors , posts , and 11 more than the previous year , with the increase of 11 posts , and the increase of salaries among original jobs , coupled with the increase of salaries and salaries , has been reduced .
according to the statistics of the labor and social security bureau of shanghai , the average employment in shanghai has exceeded 1 million .
according to a report in the china youth daily , college graduates and part - time staff are the main component of the hour and workforce .
through the study of nearly 8,000 hours of work , the over half of the personnel were part - time employees , and the ratio reached 51.1 percent .
part - time workers ' cultural level is generally higher , mainly engaging in technical work , such as translator posts , part - time personnel , as high as 81.77 percent , and fitness training at 61.6 percent .
the high income is the result of many people working concurrently for hours and part - time jobs .
it is understood that the monthly income of individual jobs can reach tens of thousands of yuan , and it will be difficult to seek , just like a transmitting message , and the monthly income of hours and jobs can reach more than 2,000 yuan , such as part - time financial affairs celebrations and siew .
to meet the needs of individuals , the knowledge of these people is also a part - time job - seeker .
for example , when a certain enterprise serves as a manager of the human resources department , he will find several hours a week to handle the work of handling the financial accounts of a foreign trade representative office .
mr. gu believes that the maximum number of full - time jobs is to keep his knowledge updated and to have opportunities to involve other areas . of course , the salary of $ 2,000 per month also has a certain degree of enticement .
as some hours of work have been low , the employment threshold is flexible and free in the form of work , and many graduates are now seeking employment , 14percent of the hours of work are graduates of tertiary and secondary specialized schools in nearly three years .
hello , i started to
the university graduate , xiao huang , has not done his job well after graduation , and finally hung up a name in a hotel , and used a piano to play a background music .
the distance between the two is quite satisfactory to my current work . one hour and one hour , the environment is good . i want to find a few more hours .
it is learned that the work of an hour has become a problem that some graduates are working hard and work skills are improving through work experience training , and the important way to improve communication skills is to increase social experience .
the graduates are working hours , mainly in the knowledge and skills sectors that are more skilled . for example , they have a strong professional translation , age , and age - related performing positions . their percentage is about 22.110 % and 26.88 % .
the hours of work and part of work are not high , such as food promotional clerks , etc. , unemployed workers have been able to take up jobs after simple training .
the data showed that the average wage rate of workers who were originally unemployed was 39.9 percent , of which the number of unemployed people in the retail sector was as high as 68.4 percent , and the proportion of food and beverage was 58.7 percent , with hours labor becoming an important channel for the unemployed to find jobs .
wu bangguo inspects anhui , stresses work
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 8 ( reporter zou shengwen and zhou limin ) - - wu bangguo , member of the standing committee of the cpc central committee political bureau and chairman of the national people 's congress [ npc ] standing committee , stressed during an inspection tour of anhui recently that it is necessary to persist in taking the scientific development concept as the guide for overall economic and social development , conscientiously implement the central guidelines and policies in light of local realities , further emancipate the mind , carry out
on 6 and 8 february , wu bangguo inspected the work of wuhu lake in maanshan ; and other places . he went deep into enterprises and visited institutes of higher learning in the rural areas .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui has the advantages of xian 's contribution to the eastern region and the western region leading the country to the north . it is an important agricultural region in china . it has abundant natural resources , a fairly good industrial foundation , a strong scientific and technological strength , a rich natural resources , a rich natural resources , a rich natural resources , a rich natural resources , a fairly strong cultural resources , and a tremendous potential for development .
anhui should firmly seize the opportunity of promoting the rise of the central region , always persist in unswervingly upholding economic construction as the central task , conscientiously implement the central principles and policies in close connection with anhui 's actual conditions , carry out work in a creative manner , and implement the scientific development concept in practical work .
we should sum up practical experience in a timely manner , fully rely on the masses of the people , vigorously support reform and innovation , and constantly open up a new situation in anhui work .
we should actively promote the building of a harmonious society , persistently regard safeguarding development as the most fundamental interests of the overwhelming majority of the people as the starting point and the end - result of all our work , actively create conditions , gradually solve practical problems faced by the masses , gradually adjust the distribution relationship , gradually change the pattern of the dual structure in urban and rural areas , gradually narrow the gap between different regions , safeguard social justice , and enable all the people to share the fruits of reform and development .
wu bangguo stressed : china has reached the stage where it is necessary to rely more on the enhancement of its ability to make innovations independently and improve the quality of laborers to promote economic and social development . only by vigorously promoting scientific and technological progress and innovation can china achieve a leap in the quality of productive forces , and promote economic and social development to the track of scientific development .
we should establish and improve a system and mechanism that is conducive to innovation as quickly as possible , increase scientific and technological input , encourage patent inventions , develop brand - name products , speed up the transformation of scientific and technological achievements into real productive forces , strengthen the dominant position of enterprises in independent innovation , and constantly raise the contribution rate of scientific and technological progress to economic growth .
we should support and encourage key technological elements to participate in distribution , and establish and improve a statistical index system that embodies the ability to independently innovate , and study and formulate financial tax , government procurement , and other policies to support innovation by ourselves , so as to form a policy system that encourages independent innovation .
we should create a new awareness in society , vigorously advocate innovation and self - cultivation in the spirit of bold competition , and strive to create a good atmosphere for talent coming forth in large numbers .
wu bangguo pointed out : the role of the people 's congress in building a socialist country ruled by law has become increasingly important .
to do a good job in the work of people 's congresses under the new situation , first , we must uphold the correct political direction , unswervingly follow the path of socialist political development with chinese characteristics , and organically integrate upholding the party 's leadership with the people being masters of their own affairs and governing the country according to law .
second , we should closely center our work around the overall situation of the party and the state , closely focus on major issues in reform , development , and stability , and carry out our work by centering on hot and difficult problems of common concern to the masses of the people , and constantly enhance the actual results of the npc work .
third , we should give full play to the characteristics and advantages of the work of the people 's congress , uphold democratic centralism , handle affairs strictly according to the law , and decide issues collectively .
we should persist in following the mass line , being people - centered , and using the people 's power for the people , having a deep feeling for the people , and seeking benefits for the people .
china has proposed that the country should make a big scientific research plan for the next 15 years
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 9 ( reporter li xing ) in order to enhance china 's international competitiveness and promote sustainable development , the state council issued the " state medium and long - term scientific and technological development plan ( 2006-2020 ) " on 9 february , in order to enhance china 's international competitiveness and achieve major leaps in the realization of key areas .
these four major scientific plans are the key to the research of protein research and regulation and control , and make it harder to develop and develop reproductive research .
the outline pointed out that the protein science is the most important means of life science that developed countries are fighting for .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on studying the transmitting of important biological systems , learning from marxism - leninism , and studying the structure of biological institutes , women and women 's journal , and their interesting roles , such as siege - cereal - shaped biology and biology , protein studies and related applied research , etc.
the outline also holds that the quantum regulation and control research has a clear and farsighted nature and is likely to have a positive impact on the social and economic development of mankind in 20-30 .
china should focus on researching the carrier and the regulatory principles and methods of quantum communications , calculating quantitative weight , and the new quantitative effect of the limited small quantum system , the new principles and technological foundation for quantitative regulation and control .
in addition , the outline points out that nanotechnology has become the core competitiveness of many countries and is also the key to china 's potential to achieve leapfrog development .
in the next 15 years , china will have a focus on research in this field , including the controllable production of nanotechnology materials , the design and functions of products , the study of nanometric biology , nanometrics , nanometric attainments , nanotechnology , nanometer , and nanometer materials , in the field of energy technology and nanotechnology , etc. , etc.
china 's population growth is large , there are many flaws in birth , and there is a serious shortage of transplanted organs and the peak of aging is approaching . therefore , it is urgently necessary to make breakthroughs in the theory of reproductive and developing science and technology and to make technological innovations .
according to the outline , the 2006 - 2020 plan will focus on research on increasing pole and regulation and control by stem cells , and mature and suffering from biological cells , and the degradation of the human 's biological function and the retreat mechanism , to help the security and ethical of reproductive and stem cells .
shanghai 's real estate price increase dropped nearly 7 percentage points last year .
xinhua news agency , shanghai , february 9 ( reporter huang tingjun ) the state 's macroeconomic regulation and control policy on the real estate industry has been very effective in shanghai in 2005 .
according to the latest data , the number of people employed in shanghai 's real estate industry last year decreased or slowed down considerably .
among them , the prices of residential housing dropped 6.6 percent from the previous year , while the added value of the real estate industry dropped 4.1 percent from the previous year .
the shanghai municipal statistics bureau director pan jianxin said at a recent press briefing that the sales of residential housing in shanghai was 6698 yuan per square meter , up 313 yuan over 2004 .
the value of total retail sales in the year rose 9.2 percent over the previous year , and the rate of increase fell 6.6 percentage points from the same period last year .
the annual real estate industry added value to 67.023 billion yuan , down 4.1 percent from the previous year .
in the course of increasing the number of personal housing loans by 26.4494 billion yuan , the increase in the amount of loans in the same year was only 14.4 billion yuan , and the new loans in 2004 reached 72.89 billion yuan .
pan jianxin said : judging from the situation of shanghai 's real estate sales throughout the year , the price of commercial housing has been steadily declining .
the communique also showed that according to the latest data , the number of shanghai real estate prices rose somewhat in 2005 , with the average selling price of housing for housing being 6698 yuan / square meters , 313 yuan higher than that of 2004 .
in 2005 , the annual housing sales price level rose 9.75 percent over the previous year , and the rate of increase dropped 6.2 percentage points from the previous year .
according to him , last year , shanghai completed the investment of 1.4686 - billion yuan in real estate development , up 6.1 percent from the previous year .
the sales area was 3158.87 million square meters , down 9.55 percent .
the annual sales of commercial houses reached 21.63 billion yuan , down 4.55 percent from the previous year .
two light aircraft crashed in new zealand
xinhua news agency , wellington , february 9 , two new zealand light planes crashed on the 9th at a wharf in the area about 100 kilometers north of wellington , capital of new zealand , killing two students from the aviation academy .
according to local civil aviation authorities , the two planes were flying in the air , and the pilots were all pilots of the academy of flight of the university of mar. they were still undergoing training and have not yet obtained their flight license .
at the time of the incident , two planes were in a non - air control zone . according to regulations , when pilots fly in such a region , they should be responsible for the navigation and security of the aircraft .
a woman who was on the scene of the incident told the new zealand media that he had heard of a huge explosion when the plane collided and saw the plane crashing quickly into the ground .
in addition , eyewitnesses also confirmed that before the plane crashed , they had heard a huge explosion and saw a plane crane crashing .
the cause of the plane collision is not yet clear . the local civil aviation department will investigate this .
chinese vice - premier meets argentine overseas chinese
xinhua news agency , buenos aires , february 8 ( reporter cao yu ) the chinese - american friendship association , founded by overseas chinese and chinese residing in argentina , issued a solemn statement on 8 february , strongly condemning the recent taiwan independence remarks by chen shui - bian and opposing any attempt to separate taiwan from china .
the statement said that chen shui - bian made the above remarks in his speech on 29 january , saying he would abolish the unification theory and the pan - unification program to go a step forward toward independence .
the compatriots on both sides of the strait have long yearning for peace and the desire for peace and development by the taiwan compatriots will face severe challenges .
the statement pointed out that resolutely opposing and curbing the separatist activities of taiwan independence and safeguarding peace and stability in the taiwan strait region remains the common aspiration of compatriots on both sides of the strait and the chinese society throughout the world .
the statement stressed that the peaceful reunification of china in argentina is willing to join hands with all parties in argentina , which uphold the one - china principle , to unite overseas chinese and ethnic chinese in argentina , resolutely oppose any form of taiwan independence , and actively promote china 's peaceful reunification .
chinese experts : us proposal of prc military threat is unreasonable
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 9 ( reporter li xuanliang and xiong lianyan lin ) - the us pentagon recently officially submitted a " four - year defense assessment report " to the congress , saying for the first time that china is most likely to constitute an emerging power that will challenge the us military .
experts believe that this is a serious challenge to china 's normal national defense construction , and it is playing up the military threat theory in china , and is an interference in china 's internal affairs .
the " four - year defense evaluation report " is the new guiding document for national defense in the pentagon .
the long - standing white paper said : " the report describes china 's military strength and the countermeasures that the united states should take . " the report directly mentioned 15 times that china has followed or is the ' figure ' in 92 china , and said that " hue " as a major and emerging great power , china has the greatest potential to conduct military competition with the united states , and if the united states does not have any counter - measures , china may develop military technology to break the traditional us
the chinese academy of military sciences ' world military research department , yao yunzhu , said that although senior us officials have expressed similar views many times before , this is the first time that the united states has put forward in the national defense strategy report that china may possibly become a rising power that will possibly pose a military challenge to the united states .
hello .
the chinese academy of military sciences research fellow peng guangqian said :
it is noteworthy that in the " four - year defense evaluation report , " the same day , us president bush also submitted a report to congress on the government budget for the fiscal year 2007 , with the defense budget reaching $ 43.93 - billion .
if you do n't add to the fact that the military action in iraq and afghanistan is added , the us budget for fiscal 2007 will break through the $ 500 - billion mark , setting a historical record , and the " pole " in the budget for fiscal 2007 , peng guangqian said , adding that this is almost equivalent to the total and interdependent relationship among all other countries in the world .
peng guangqian said : the us fabricated the theory of the threat of other countries reflected the lonely created by the pentagon , and the real purpose of this is to win more national defense funds and provide the greatest possible benefit for the huge arms industry group in the united states .
experts say that compared with the huge military spending of the united states , china 's national defense spending is quite limited .
he has attended many times the white paper on china 's national defense , and said that the military has been developing rapidly since the 1990 s , with the economic development , but the proportion of the national defense spending in the country 's fiscal expenditure has been on the decline .
official data show that the number of people who are chinese national defense spending in 2004 is about 60 percent of the state 's financial expenditure for the same period .
in 2005 , china 's defense spending was 244.656 billion yuan , only about one - third of the us 's , and the per capita national military spending was about one - sixty percent of that of the united states , and the per capita military spending was about one - 30 of the us military .
hello , america 's land area and china 's territory are roughly equal , and the difference in military spending is such a huge one , who is the military power that goes beyond the proper defense needs ?
peng guangqian said :
the china arms control and disarmament association director teng jianqun said that the united states should objectively assess china 's military construction , and that china 's peaceful development does not mean that china and the united states will become military rivals in the future .
the " 2004 china 's national defense " white paper says that china firmly takes the road of peaceful development and practices a defensive national defense policy .
china has been unable to make any further concessions in the past and now , he said .
so far , china has not conducted any military exercises in any other country or has not sent any military bases to other countries . however , the united states has more than 100 military bases overseas , and only has deployed more than 100,000 troops in asia .
professor chen shibao of the international relations college of beijing university said that china and the united states should increase communication and exchanges through the established channels to enhance understanding and mutual trust and comprehensively advance the sino - us constructive and cooperative relations in the new century and jointly promote world peace and development .
( winter olympics ) duan zenin olympics opening ceremony will passionately
xinhua news agency , turin , february 9 ( reporter ding ying and yan tao ) the opening ceremony of the 20 th winter olympics will be held at the olympic stadium in turin at 8 : 00 p.m . local time on the 10th .
on 9 july , turin winter olympics organizing committee sent a report to reporters ahead of schedule on the brilliant arrangements for the opening ceremony .
as for the opening ceremony , castro , chairman of the organizing committee , is full of confidence . he said at the press conference that the opening ceremony this time cost 10 million euros , which is a pool of top - notch talent in all aspects of italy .
he said : the night of 10 may will make people unforgettable . at that time , 350,000 viewers and about 2 - billion television viewers around the world will see the spectacular opening ceremony full of great emotions , which was a great success .
the excitement of the flames and the brilliant heart of the five - ray world peace , and the " bastle snow " and milk cows in the alps will appear at the opening ceremony . director li introduced , " love , love , love , and the italian - style chinese style will become the theme of the opening ceremony and the most advanced historical title of the cartoon , and will go to the world with the great cultural life of the ancient italian people .
the famous italian designer , amani , specially designed the garments for the opening ceremony , a famous italian fashion brand , mostino , will provide a courteous service to the athletes ' induction .
however , the famous italian men 's voice pavarotti will be raised at the opening ceremony to see if the organizing committee will keep this suspense in the end .
eight chinese people who can spray into flames , soccer players ' eyes open three meters long
the official of the organizing committee said that this was the most successful performance of the opening ceremony .
as for how to ignite the main torch , the organizing committee did not disclose it ahead of schedule , but the main torch platform , which is as high as 57 meters , will light the residents on the alps mountain near alps .
us rates on 30 - year mortgages to be planned in march
xinhua news agency , washington , february 9 ( reporter zhao yi and li xuejun ) - us white house spokesman mcclellan said at a press conference on the 9th that although the cartoon that desecrates the islamic forerunner mohammed has triggered a strong protest in the islamic world , president bush will still visit pakistan and india in march according to his plan .
mcclellan said that bush is looking forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he added that the united states is now making preparations for this visit .
mcclellan made the above remarks at a demonstration in some areas of pakistan , protesting against the blasphemy of islamic forerunner mohammed .
on the eve of his meeting with pakistani prime minister aziz at the white house in january this year , the two sides expressed their willingness to strengthen friendly cooperation to jointly crack down on terrorism that endangers the security of the two countries .
bush also said that at the invitation of the pakistani and indian governments , he will pay a state visit to pakistan and india in march .
us , dprk sign agreement on forming cabinet
xinhua news agency , ramallah , february 9 ( international observation ) hamas seeks to break through cabinet
xinhua news agency , wang hao , huang min ,
the palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) obtained the victory in the legislative council election , how to draw a blueprint of the new government has become the focus of international attention at present .
hamas to launch a new policy directly affects the peace process the next step of the relevant policy direction of the parties concerned .
at the same time , the boycott attitude of the united states and israel has added variables to the prospects of the hamas government .
at present , all the palestinian sides are stepping up consultations to reach a consensus on the issue of forming a cabinet that involves the future development of the situation and the sensitive point .
the chinese people have always been the masters of the country and the people
hamas wins right to form cabinet , some people in the world worry that hamas may hold a dialogue with the current leader .
moreover , the arab league , which is visiting egypt , has stressed that the hamas - led palestinian government will not recognize israel , and this tough signal will also intensify the international community 's worries .
the united states and israel have explicitly expressed their refusal to accept a hamas government that has the real power , and threatened to cut off its economic aid to palestine and pass taxes to palestine .
however , this does not prevent hamas from making flexible tactics .
according to reports , to maximize the accreditation , a few days ago , hamas domestic and foreign leaders , in egypt , decided to select the chairman of the board of directors of the islamic university , jayakari , to become the new prime minister .
this move has not been approved by the relevant parties .
palestinian analysts , hussein , said that no matter how much the post is spent , the most crucial thing is that the candidate for the prime minister should try his utmost to play down the hard - line style of hamas , and only thus can it ensure the success of the cabinet .
the chinese people have a common understanding on how to allocate power
in terms of internal affairs , the hamas cabinet is faced with the greatest challenge of lacking sufficient experience in governance .
the palestinian daily news carried a analysis saying that hamas has been able to gather together with the people through social welfare projects , but in the aspect of its ruling power , it lacks experience and is not in agreement with the palestinian national liberation movement ( fatah ) , which has the experience of ruling .
hamas has been putting forward a plan to establish a political partner with fatah after the election , jointly establishing a national coalition government , but fatah has not yet given a positive response to this .
fatah 's internal affairs are currently still in dispute over whether to enter the cabinet . one faction advocates participation in the new government , thus doing something . the other faction refuses hamas 's invitation , and is willing to make a positive opposition in the legislative council .
the informed source pointed out that , under the persuasion of abbas , fatah gradually inclined to join the new government .
even so , hamas and fatah have also agreed to hold consultations on the distribution of their cabinet positions .
in addition , another approach is to organize a legislative committee framework to break away from the party 's attributes .
according to reports , hamas has also designed a clean expert type of government , but the specific name list is unknown .
in view of the fact that the us and israeli attitude and the technical expert - type government are also unable to be lost as a form of cabinet to reduce external pressure .
according to the palestinian basic law , the palestinian national authority will hold a meeting on the nomination of the prime minister and form a cabinet after the new legislative council takes office on 16 february .
the chinese people 's liberation army [ pla ] will not change the way to arm the people 's liberation army [ pla ]
hamas 's arms are to form a new government , and the other thorny problem is that it is facing .
the united states and israel have adopted a very tough attitude , and resolutely demanded that hamas give up violence and reject its gun - related participation in politics .
hamas leader mahmud al-fahd stressed on 9 may that armed resistance was a strategic choice made by the organization .
the armed issue actually includes the legitimacy of weapons and the management of the armed forces .
hamas 's new government , which is elected by the legislative council through democratic and free means , has been recognized internationally , and the armed faction under it has likewise legitimized the way to legalize it in the government 's security organs .
hamas has proposed to put the armed forces of various factions into a flagpole for the people , but it has not received extensive response and has also been strongly opposed by the islamic jihad ( jhamas ) .
the palestinian - israeli conflict , which has more than 60,000 security personnel , is mostly from the fatah camp .
moreover , fatah also has some organizational relations that are loose , and some armed factions , such as the hue temple of the armenia martyrs , etc.
the government is responsible for forming a cabinet , and it must hold consultations with abbas on how to manage the armed forces that are in their own hands and rationally allocate the security management authority .
according to local media reports , abbas has the intention to be in charge of security , intelligence , police , civil defense , and other organs , and the interior ministry of the new government is in charge of this .
however , all sides are still holding consultations on this sensitive issue , and so far no further documents have been issued .
china 's first announcement of polar exploration report
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 10 ( reporter li jianmin ) the state oceanic administration recently issued the " 2005 china polar exploration report " , a major decision made by china to carry out polar science exploration activities over the past 20 years or so .
the " report " has comprehensively reflected the achievements of china 's polar scientific exploration activities in 2005 , extreme logistical protection , and extreme scientific research results , etc.
according to the " report , " on 9 january 2005 , the " report " was delivered at 2:15 ( beijing time ) , and the antarctic expedition team of china successfully landed on the antarctic ice - hue area , the highest inland inland area in the south pole , and set the " ice - shaped elevation " at 315 hours ( beijing time ) at 315 : 15 pm on 18 january .
the gap between the rich and poor in the international polar exploration stage is becoming increasingly intense .
the state oceanic administration bureau director sun zhihui said :
the " report " shows that the " report on the 21st century " on 24 march 2005 successfully completed the mission and returned to shanghai . the investigation lasted for 151 days and the flight distance was 26,500 nautical miles .
in november of the same year , the 22 nd antarctic expedition team left shanghai for the central mountain station of the antarctic , to conduct scientific examination , and will leave the zhongshan station by the end of february 2006 to return to shanghai .
because it was china 's first ultra - earth inspection report , the 2005 china polar exploration report , also made a series of specific policies and measures for the development of china 's polar exploration industry , which was started in the 1980 s .
according to the " report , " in 1983 , china formally joined the " antarctic treaty " and became a member of the treaty organization . it became a semi - autonomous scientific research committee of the antarctic treaty , and the council of directors of the council of directors of the nanchi science research committee , etc. , the most influential members of the international antarctic affairs organization .
in 1997 , china became a member of the arctic science committee and won the support and assistance in international polar affairs .
the " report " points out that over the past 20 - odd years , china 's polar exploration has developed from nothing to nothing , from development to prosperity , from the three pillars , and formed a series of scientific studies systems , including the " 27 february 1985 antarctic station " established in february 1989 , the " south pole center station " established in february , and the " long - distance station " established in february 2004 , and the " zhuo chen ci " started to undertake the
the " report " has statistics for the year 2005 , and china has organized 22 antarctic scientific expeditions twice , using the xuelong flag as a bridge , to conduct a scientific inspection of the arctic pole on the platform on the platform of xuelong , and so far more than 3,000 examiners have personally personally personally went to the beipole to inspect the area in the south pole .
the problem is that the government is trying to establish the third antarctic expedition station , and is also the first inland investigation station in china to conduct feasibility studies , and make the ape about making the journal " go " .
sun zhihui said :
the acrobatics have developed through more than 20 years of efforts . china 's polar exploration industry has taken up a place in the world 's polar exploration , but compared with other major polar countries ' observation , it still lags behind . we must catch up with our loneliness .
he said .
sun zhihui disclosed that china will conduct a yearly polar exploration report .
chinese vice - premier meets with president of castro beijing , nov. 15
xinhua news agency , havana , february 10 ( reporter zhou jing ) - - cuban state council president fidel castro met with chinese state councilor chen zhili on the 10th , who is on a visit to cuba . both sides expressed their willingness to constantly strengthen mutually beneficial cooperation in the fields of education , science and technology .
president castro warmly welcomed the visit of state councilor chen zhili to cuba .
he said that cuba - china relations are very friendly and high - level visits have been frequent , which has effectively promoted and strengthened bilateral friendship and mutual understanding , and he hoped the two countries will constantly deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in various fields , including education and science and technology .
chen zhili said : cuba is an important country in latin america and the caribbean .
the two countries ' peoples ' friendly exchanges date back to ancient times .
cuba is the first country to establish diplomatic relations with new china .
in the new century , under the joint concern and promotion of the leaders of the two countries , mutual political trust between the two countries has become increasingly deepening , the fields of cooperation have been expanding , mutual support and cooperation in international affairs have been supported and cooperated with each other , and sino - cuban friendly relations have entered a new period of comprehensive development .
she believed that with the joint efforts of both sides , the friendly cooperation between china and cuba will certainly achieve more fruitful results .
chen zhili also pointed out that the chinese government has always attached importance to exchanges and cooperation with cuba in the educational field .
in recent years , the two countries have increasingly close educational exchanges and frequent personnel exchanges .
china actively supports the cuban side in holding an international conference and also sent delegations to attend the world higher education conference and the 2005 elimination of illiteracy .
cuba 's basic education level is very high , and it is hoped that the exchange of relevant experiences will be further strengthened in the future .
chen zhili said that the two countries have made fruitful achievements in scientific and technological research and development , and that they can achieve mutually beneficial and win - win results through cooperation in various fields .
the chinese side 's assistance to cuba 's scientific research and equipment was hoped to play a positive role in cuba 's scientific research and production .
she also briefed castro on china 's strategy of rejuvenating the country through science and education and the national science and technology conference .
chen zhili arrived in cuba on the evening of 2 february at the invitation of the cuban government to begin his visit to cuba .
on the other hand , chen said that the chinese government has always attached great importance to the development of friendly relations with cuba , and hopes to further promote the development of bilateral relations
the construction of the beijing - kazakhstan highway , which is marked by the leakage of disused oil , is closed
xinhua news agency , harbin , february 11 ( reporter liang shubin ) - - at around 2300 on february 10 , a traffic accident occurred at 58 kilometers of the beijing - kazakhstan highway , leaving some sections of roads sealed off .
according to the public security traffic police unit of shuangcheng city public security bureau , at around 2300 on 10 april , three cars collided in a 58 km area on jingha highway . a bus - bus - bus - bus - bus - bus - bus rammed into one , and a oil tanker - stuck cracks were leaked , and the waste oil inside was flowing into the road .
it is learned that the oil tank is equipped with coke - type waste oil that is refined after production .
the number of people who do not have enough oil to do so is very high , and at the same time , fears that the past vehicle might cause danger to flower , the departments concerned have closed the road at the scene of the accident .
harbin to double - city road , many vehicles will be bypassed .
at present , relevant departments are screening the scene , and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
hk 's trade deficit hits record high
xinhua news agency , hong kong , february 11 , the hutchison whampoa company limited announced on the 11th that it implemented the 3rd telecommunications company 's plan to list the stocks of italy .
and the president of the huang group , mr henry fok , said that although the 3 rd incident had been approved by all the regulatory agencies concerned on the market , the prospectus process had to be completed in the next few weeks and the timing was too hasty .
at the same time , the european telecom stock market is weak now , and the market may not necessarily provide 3 - pole service to italy at this moment .
in view of the fact that shareholders are the biggest interests , the decision to postpone the listing of the stock market is to be decided .
as for when to issue shares to be listed , huo jianning said that it would depend on the future situation of the european telecommunications market .
he said : judging from the present to the next one , the three poles need to develop wide - ranging investor education activities to facilitate the further clarification of the investment market in italy , 3 of the existing strong performance and favorable prospects .
in addition , according to media reports , 3 rd , italian coordinator , investment bank goldman sachs agreed to use 420 million euros to sell shares of 10-3 percent in form , accounting for 10-3 percent of the shares , which is expected to be completed by the end of march this year .
chinese vice - premier meets burmese guests
xinhua news agency , yangon , february 12 , by wire ( reporter yunfei zhang ) - chinese ambassador to myanmar , mr tuan mu and economic and business counselor tang haihai , said during an exclusive interview with xinhua on the eve of chinese premier wen jiabao 's visit to myanmar on february 14 , the economic and trade relations between china and burma are now developing in a good state of mutually beneficial and mutually beneficial interoperability .
the management ambassador said that in recent years , friendly relations between the two countries , which are based on the five principles of peaceful coexistence , have been consolidated and developed , and exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been expanded and deepened day by day , and bilateral economic and trade relations have been constantly expanded and strengthened .
tang haiti said : the two countries ' high - level visits have effectively promoted the development of bilateral economic and trade cooperation .
in 2004 , the two countries ' high - level visits were carried out , and the two sides signed 33 documents on economic and trade cooperation , most of which are being implemented and implemented .
he said : in 2004 , the figure was $ 1.14 billion , and in 2005 reached $ 12.09 billion , of which $ 935 - billion was china 's exports and $ 274 - billion were imported .
in the bilateral trade last year , china 's yunnan - myanmar trade ( including border trade ) amounted to $ 630 - million , an increase of 14.6 percent over the previous year .
tang haiti said that myanmar has become a major cooperative partner of chinese enterprises in the undertaking of construction projects , and china 's major projects include the construction of a bridge bridge linking the power station and factories ( such as sugar factory textile factory , xuehumu factory , etc. ) in myanmar .
chinese enterprises have launched projects in myanmar , which has brought about the development of various kinds of chinese mechanical and electrical products . myanmar has become china 's main export market for complete sets of equipment and mechanical and electrical products .
according to statistics of china 's customs , in the past five to six years , the export of mechanical and electrical products has accounted for about 450 percent of china 's total export volume to myanmar .
tang spoke highly of the myanmar government 's efforts to promote the development of the oil and gas industry , saying that china has started to invest in myanmar 's oil and gas industry projects , such as the construction of the nickel mine , and the development of the sino myanmar economic and trade cooperation .
he hoped that chinese enterprises would have a long - term view , learn to avoid risks , make careful policy decisions , establish a good image of enterprises , and ensure the quality and quantity of work for the country and win glory for the country .
the management ambassador and the staff of the tang haihai believed that premier soe win 's would soon be an official visit to china , and that this year 's bilateral relations would be a major event in bilateral relations , and would be of great significance to promoting political mutual trust , promoting bilateral cooperation , and further developing the good - neighborly and friendly relations between china and burma .
it is estimated that the two sides will sign several economic and trade cooperation agreements during the visit .
world bank to reduce poverty reduction in poorest countries
xinhua news agency , moscow , february 11 , world bank president wolfowitz said in moscow on the 11th that the world bank will completely exempt the debts of the poorest countries by the middle of this year .
wolfowitz held talks with russian foreign minister igor ivanov in moscow on the same day .
he said in his statement issued after the meeting that the world bank will provide loans to the world bank before july 1 , and that the world bank is now completing all technical work .
last year , the world bank 's donor countries completely exempted the debts owed by 28 countries and pledged to provide the funds to the trust funds concerned .
the imf said that the debt - to - equity ratio was relatively small , from the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz 's decision to exempt 16 african countries from debts was welcomed .
gao qing 's digital television is gradually becoming the mainstream in the united states .
xinhua news agency , new york , february 12 ( reporter fan xiaolin ) with the high resolution rate television sets ( + huojie ) , the price of the american television transmission agency has been continuously declining and the market has been expanding .
the scene of the american super bowl , the american olive soccer match , has become a hot topic for american broadcast industry to greet the television era .
according to the financial times , the us congress recently passed a bill , which stipulates that the us broadcasting industry must submit a bill to the congress on 17 february , 2009 , in an all - round way , to broadcast the current simulated television signals .
this means that the us tv program is fully digitized .
the high resolution is a very popular phenomenon .
the digital television has been a very popular topic in the past few years , but it has never become a reality .
this issue has appeared in the year .
according to the us consumer electronics association , the digital television network will be sold in the united states for the first time in the year , and the number of digital television sets will exceed the traditional tv sets , and 850 percent of the total number of such tv sets will be high - resolution products .
japan 's research personnel have developed a new - type highly efficient human - made kidneys
xinhua news agency , tokyo , february 13 ( reporter qian zheng ) - research personnel of japan 's east china sea university developed a biological human - making kidney , which not only has the same function as human kidneys , but also has the function of retaining material elements , and is also small and easy to transplant , and is likely to bring good news to the patients of kidney disease with the study going deep .
according to the report by nihon keizai shimbun , the newly developed biological human kidneys are mainly composed of two parts , and part of the transfiltration waste and water didiary , a number of artificial baby girls , are developed from the urine of the original water dioceses and other elements , such as waste and blood acid acid , and other factors , and the blood transfusion used to return to the urine of
hello , humor hue and hue , and cursory tubes were all made up of the middle - of - the - air wine , and the dim of the inner tubes were covered with the urine of the separation of waste .
this kind of skin cell can make many blood penetration and sexual abuse , and make a sharp analysis of the interrelated sexual polaric sexual orientation , and become a therapy and return blood , and at the same time , the necessary wine cellulow and other essential things can be re - entered the urine of the orphaned and other species .
in the past , the human kidney was forced to pass the different transformations of the levees by infiltration , and could not completely remove it , and it was not equipped with the necessary functions to rereturn to the blood such as the incubation of aminiiiaciaciaciaciaciaciology .
researchers use mountain sheep to conduct biomass transplantation experiments , human kidneys in the middle - to - air silk walls with pig puppets .
two weeks later , researchers confirmed that the human - made kidneys were able to function .
at present , they are developing and using human kidney cell cream and will be tested and verified on their safety .
china 's power safety production is still facing severe challenges
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 13 ( reporter : an yiwu ) - in - charge of the state power supervision and management commission said on the 13th that although power safety production remained stable in the overall situation in 2005 , the production safety of power still faced a severe challenge .
the state administration of radio , film and television [ cnac ] vice chairman shi yubo said at the fifth national meeting of the national committee on the production safety of electric power ( enlarged ) that china 's power industry safety overall is stable and successfully fulfilled the summer - summer task of greeting the peak of power , realized safety in power supply , actively coping with the intrusion of natural disasters , basically ensured the safe and steady operation of the power system , ensured the occurrence of power
however , he pointed out that with the changes in the supply and demand situation and the large amount of newly built generating units being put into operation one after another , the production safety of electric power will face new challenges .
these challenges include regional trade barriers , trade barriers , trade barriers , trade barriers , trade barriers , and trade barriers .
shi yubo said that with the reform of the power system in depth , many deep - seated contradictions will continue to be exposed , and how to maintain the stability of the staff and workers and ensure normal production order will become new problems facing us .
in view of the fact that the power industry was in safe production in 2006 , shi yubo said that it is necessary to further consolidate the basic work of the management of power safety production , speed up the establishment and improvement of the emergency management mechanism for power safety , enhance the ability to deal with emergencies , strengthen coordination and cooperation in power plants , jointly safeguard the safety of power systems , continue to do a good job in the safety control and building of the dam , ensure the safety of power
it is reported that in line with the new situation of power safety management , the commission will conduct a comprehensive survey of the " interim regulations on investigating power production accidents " which have been promulgated this year . meanwhile , the supervision and management of the relevant supporting documents on the safety of the dam of the hydropower station and the safety of the second system of electric power supply systems will be issued and implemented successively this year .
in 2005 , the total amount of electricity consumed in china 's society reached 246.89 - billion kw hours , up 13.45 percent over the same period last year .
in the face of the situation of supply and demand in the power industry , the problem of coal , electricity , oil , transportation , and other unfavorable situations , all power enterprises have earnestly taken effective measures to strengthen equipment management , and no major incident of power production has occurred in the whole country last year .
the cause of the accident was a serious one , and the number of accidents was reduced by 427 , a decrease of 132 .
the south african envoy to china said that there is no such thing as organized by chinese citizens
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 13 ( reporter wang jiangang and hao yalin ) - the charge d ' affaires of the south african embassy in china , dr. cannon gonin , said during an interview with xinhua that south africa does not exist among organizations among chinese citizens , and this is a typical case of the " falungong " cult organization in south africa .
he also said that the south african government will do its utmost to crack down on all forms of criminal activities .
mr gordon said that the south african government hopes to reduce its criminal rate to zero , and hopes that every one of the foreigners working in south africa will have the safety of their lives and property .
since the beginning of 2006 , four chinese citizens have been killed in south africa one after another . the chinese world has expressed extensive concern over this .
chinese foreign ministry has already made solemn representations with south africa and reminded chinese citizens residing in south africa to further enhance their awareness of security and prevention . the overseas chinese compatriots should strengthen unity and friendship and cooperate with the police in cracking down on criminal activities .
hello , we are going to express our most sincere sympathy and condolences to the families of the victims .
mr gordon said , " we feel sorry for this and ask the chinese people to believe that the south african government is seriously investigating every case involving china . "
according to chinese embassy in south africa , the south african police have successfully cracked the case of chen jianqing , a fujian woman in china , on 5 february , in south africa , and one suspect has been arrested .
at present , the police are hunting for another suspect .
in addition , according to the south african embassy in china , the number of criminal suspects suspected of gunning down hong kong businessmen in january this year has been arrested by south african police , and the property of the victims has been recovered .
on china 's citizens ' killing , li peng said : the chinese government has always attached great importance to these incidents .
according to the information given by the tourism commissioner of the south african embassy , the embassy has provided more than 2,000 chinese tourists with tourist permits to south africa in the first 15 days of this year .
in addition , according to chinese official statistics , south africa will continue to maintain its status as the largest trade partner of africa in 2005 .
the bilateral trade volume reached $ 7.27 billion , an increase of 233 percent over the same period last year .
however , the tourism industry believes that the number of accidents in china that occurred successively in 2004 has a serious impact on the number of chinese tourists going to south africa .
according to the statistics of the south african tourism bureau , the number of chinese tourists to south africa in the first half of 2005 was 20331 , down 14.99 percent from the same period last year .
currently , the number of chinese living in south africa is about 200,000 , and the number of urban villages in south africa is spread all over south africa .
analysts here believe that the gap between rich and poor in south africa is wide , unemployment is high , guns are rampant , and there is no death penalty deterrence , so the crime rate remains high .
because many chinese do not understand english , they have good cash and are more easily become the tools for making money for criminal elements .
hk 's trade deficit hits record in 2005
xinhua news agency , hong kong , february 13 - a seminar on occupational english opened in beijing today , with the aim of enabling more people to improve their english standards .
this is a good english language , a great life , and a big issue of the theme .
so far , the scheme has subsidised nearly 25,000 job - seekers to complete workplace english training courses , bringing them to the benchmark of the workplace english benchmarks of the relevant categories of jobs in hong kong .
hong kong professional english language festival opens today
the occupational english language competition is a very important project for the provision of funding for workplace english training .
the scheme aims to help employers who need to apply english in their work to receive training and attend designated international business english examinations to attain their relevant job requirements .
the number of people living in poverty has increased by 30 percent , and the number of women aged women and children living in poverty has increased by 30 percent
xinhua news agency , shijiazhuang , february 14 ( reporter dong zhiyong ) the hebei provincial health department recently issued the " hebei province aids voluntary consultation and testing program " ( for trial implementation ) , clearly setting out the practice of free voluntary retirement care in hiv testing and the need to find aids patients and patients to the maximum the prevention measures and the appropriate choice of care for aids prevention and care for children .
the " proposal " clearly defines the basic principle and tasks of the work of voluntary consultation and testing of aids in hebei : the testing and consultation of aids antibodies and the implementation of free - of - charge , the testing and consultation of aids antibodies , consultation on consultation and information , the testing of aids antibody and consultation , the dispelling of the relevant conduct of those who seek consultation , the protection of the legitimate rights and interests of aids patients , and the provision of follow - up
the " proposal " requires that the aids consultation and testing center should be located at a convenient place for consultation , and that in order to protect the privacy of the consulting person , it should be an independent room for consultation .
the advisers ' choice should be fully considered in personal quality , and knowledge should be shared .
to protect the interests of the consulting personnel , the inspection leaflet can be used as a code or serial number .
the " proposal " also requires that the health administration departments at and above the county level publish the information on the local major media regarding medical and health institutions that undertake the aids free and free screening service and make public the information available to the masses .
the ministry of public security has not only examined and approved the extortion of confessions by torture , but also has taken the responsibility of the work of extorting confessions by torture as a key task
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 14 ( reporter meng na ) - deputy director of the police bureau of the ministry of public security , zheng baigang , answered a foreign reporter 's question at a press conference on the 14th . he pointed out that the so - called " unlawful exercise of inspectors to make criminal suspects pingyu in china absolutely will not be permitted .
the inspector 's work is focused on preventing these problems from happening .
he also pointed out that some international organizations are not very familiar with the law enforcement situation of the chinese police .
the ministry of public security released the latest information on 14 june . the ministry of public security issued " opinions on implementing detention measures by public security organs " apprising " in 2004 " on the application of continuing interrogations by public security organs , " thus better ensuring that grassroots public security organs can apply measures for interrogation in accordance with the law .
since 1997 , in order to promote the three issues of harnessing others ( i.e. extorting guns and siege cases involving abuse of police vehicles ) , public security organs and police officers have persistently carried out the " three evil forces " -- the police magazine huijun bao , and other grass - roots law enforcement units -- such as public security supervision and management establishments -- in order to supervise the safety of citizens ' personal fault and personal errilla cases .
to prevent the spread of law enforcement problems at source , the police inspector has further extended the scope of supervision over law enforcement , and stepped up the screening of questions about applicable missionary procedures , 110 interrogating cases involving police cases involving personal computers and robberies of animated cartoons , etc. , in handling cases involving cases involving sexual abuse , cases of punishment involving computer security , and theft of information on motor vehicles , etc.
hk 's trade deficit hits record high in taipei
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 15 , taipei news : wang daohan , former honorary chairman of the taiwan strait exchange foundation , was appointed director of the taiwan strait exchange foundation [ sef ] because of acute heart infections and bloody shock failure and died of illness in taipei early on the morning of 15 february .
sun yun - suan was born in 1913 . he was a native of penglai , shandong , and a electrical machinery department of harbin university of industry .
it was the 10th to 13th kmt central committee member , the 11th cpc central committee standing committee member , and the 14th central committee appraisal committee presidium chairman , the 15th central committee appraisal committee , and the 15th cpc central committee appraisal committee .
he was a noncommitte minister of communications and was a " constant " executive yuan president , and others .
heilongjiang to promote the songhua river water pollution ecological and environmental impact assessment and countermeasures project
xinhua news agency , harbin , february 16 , by wire ( reporter tao ) in order to do a good job in the work of sealing the dry period of the songhua river and the ice layer melting the river , heilongjiang province will actively promote the evaluation and implementation of the projects of the songhua river 's ecological environment impact assessment and countermeasures .
this reporter has learned from the heilongjiang provincial environmental protection bureau that the state environmental protection administration organized a huonghua river major pollution incident , an evaluation and a series of measures to tackle ecological problems , which are divided into 15 special topics , including evaluation of emergency environment and measures for response to environmental incidents and evaluation of ecological effects and environmental protection evaluation of human health pollution control project , and the comprehensive technical arrangements for the completion of the three stages .
at present , there are 10 scientific research institutes in heilongjiang province , with more than 60 people undertaking 14 research projects .
it is reported that the environmental protection department and relevant scientific research institutes will conduct special - topic evaluation and countermeasures on the emergency environment of incidents and strive to first solve the environmental problems that the masses are most concerned about .
these include the control of the underlying characteristics of pollutants and the forecast of the total number of pollutants departing the country , assessment of the safety impact of the songhua river water products on the control of water diversion and underground water supply safety impact assessment of the proposed sanitary water supply technology plan in urban safety water supply to assess the impact of the sanitation water supply plan in cities , and study the law of the pollutants left and melted in the
the heilongjiang provincial environmental protection department will also intensify the construction of environmental monitoring along the songhua river , and severely deal with the serious environmental pollution caused by illegal pollution discharge and illegal construction .
heilongjiang will send out environmental law enforcement personnel to urge localities to provide guidance on comprehensive improvement of the environment in small river basins , improve the silk road , and encourage and guide the environment management system of the three rivers , namely , the aldrich river , to make improvement .
the beijing university 's " cinema " to express condolences
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 15 ( reporter li jiangtao ) after several days of intense preparations , beijing university is in a 100 - year memorial hall at the centennial memorial hall at 9 : 00 a. m . on the 15th . as of noon of the day , hundreds of people have come to the hall to pay their respects .
at 08:00 , the cinema opened up to the public , and dozens of people were waiting outside the gate to stand up .
this reporter saw at the commemoration hall of the centennial of beijing university that the wall of the hall was hanging a black banners : looking at the topic of the centennial of wang selected si 's journal and go online .
the horizontal scroll is a more than 10 square meters of wang xuan 's image . he was wearing glasses , briskly , and braceful and elegant .
the image of the two sides is placed on several big tree trees , dozens of flowers , and thousands of walls are placed on both sides .
one of the walls has recovered this way : the acrobatics created by qin huada in tang brilliant chinese skillfully , and sent off telemetry in modern times .
the hall cried at a low ebb and the atmosphere was solemn .
mourning people include nakajima 's leaders and teachers , as well as friends of his friends , and friends , wang xuan , and friends who are not familiar with him also specially came to the hall .
some of them have flower flowers in their hands , some have flower baskets , and everyone has a small white flower in front of their chest , slowly walking to the front of the remains of academician wang xuan , bowing their own will .
many people could not help but to stop their tears .
he was appointed director of the state administration of cultural relics , and was a senior alumnus alumni at beijing university . he told this reporter that more than ten years ago he was still working in henan . he asked professor wang xuan to give a report on scientific and technological innovation to the provincial party committee cadres .
hello , yan xuan , a professor at the university of science , is a model for us to learn , and he has made important contributions to the country and society , and the people will never forget him .
the beijing university law school , jinruilin , and wang xuan were the first old friends who had visited china more than 40 years ago .
a few days ago , he was discharged and today he insisted on going to say goodbye to his old friend .
mr. jin 's remarks were based on the letters ' letters ' letters , which could not suppress his own pain and repeatedly took paper to take out his tears .
he told this reporter that professor wang chin 's life was very frugal , and she felt very proud of her .
later , he moved to the chengzaiyuan , where he was a resident of 780 square meters , also for more than 10 years .
the beijing university gave him a green light to his academician building in the blue chip , and a large house of more than 140 square meters . he did not want high - level housing in the zhengzhou building , nor did he want to go .
mr. jin said with deep feeling : wang xuan has been very active in providing foreign countries with very high treatment during his overseas visit , but he resolutely refused to accept this .
hello .
the two sides also exchanged views on the situation in the middle east .
mr. jin said : over the fifties , wang xuan began to pay attention to training young people . he has always stressed that it is necessary to pave the way , to be willing to be a human ladder , and to give way to young people .
the distance between the two is very rare for a scientist .
this reporter has learned from the beijing university news center that from 09:00 a. m . on 15 february to 12:00 noon on 19 february , academicians wang xuan 's mourning hall will be opened to the public from 0900 to 1600 every day , for the public to express condolences .
the " falungong " cult has made itself a model of contemporary chinese women 's political consultative conference , and the academicians of the chinese academy of engineering , professor wang xuan of the world academy of sciences , chose beijing university , for the illness and illness , at 11:33 on 13 february at beijing 's hepatitis hospital and the age of 70 years old .
chinese vice - premier meets with chilean parliament
wu bangguo attended the signing ceremony and made the agreement a success .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 15 ( reporter rong yan ) wu bangguo , chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress , attended the political dialogue meeting between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament on the afternoon of the 15th at the great hall of the people and signed the agreement in the form of the agreement .
the npc and the chilean parliament have officially established a mechanism for exchanges .
it is reported that chilean senate president romano and house speaker aseseno have recently held a meeting in santiago , the capital of chile .
according to the agreement , the two sides will , in accordance with the principles set in the communique on the establishment of diplomatic relations between china 's npc and the chilean parliament , establish a dialogue committee , and hold regular meetings in turn to jointly promote the comprehensive development of bilateral relations .
chilean ambassador to china kalila attended the signing ceremony .
china to issue information network dissemination rights protection regulations
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 15 ( reporter zhou wei and li fei ) many websites today rely on a large number of news reports , such as newspapers and magazines , to increase the number of points , but many websites have not been authorized and have not paid fees for this , wang ziqiang , director of the state copyright bureau , said at a press briefing held by the state council information office on the 15th that the issue of internet transfer of copyright to work will be resolved by the state council
wang ziqiang said : according to the current law , newspapers and periodicals have published works that do not mean using things to others , and newspapers and periodicals can use works without the consent of the authors , and at the same time pay remuneration . in accordance with the law , the state copyright bureau specially formulated the standard for the remuneration of newspapers and periodicals .
however , according to the current law , the newspaper enjoys this legal license , and the current internet does not enjoy this legal license .
according to the supreme people 's court 's relevant judicial explanations , the issue of using the means of publication through which the law can be applied to the internet , that is , publishing a small article on the internet , the author did not make any relevant remarks that could not be used in a speech , and the internet could not be used without permission , and at the same time pay for the payment .
however , as judicial interpretations have not set any rules on remuneration , the use of these works in the internet does not have any remuneration .
the problem of misuse of these short - term works on the internet is not applicable to the legal system , and it is also necessary to determine matters on the legal level .
wang ziqiang said : whether or not it is included in the scope of law and whether it is still to be promulgated this year to confirm the protection of the right to disseminate information network .
us rates on 30 - year mortgages down to normal level
xinhua news agency , moscow , february 15 ( reporter song shiyi ) - - russian defense ministry press official sergey sergey sergeyev said on the 15th that the resolution of the georgian parliament on russian peacekeeping troops will not affect russian peacekeeping operations in the near future . the russian military will continue to carry out peacekeeping missions in the south ossetia conflict area .
the russian state duma ( lower house ) chairman of the cis commission , korsk , on the same day , issued a statement on the georgian parliament 's resolution on the russian peacekeeping forces , pointing out that this resolution would undermine the stability of the region and would have an unfavorable impact on russian - georgian relations .
he stressed : the passage of the georgian parliament has brought about another deterioration in russian - georgian relations .
he said that the greek side 's accusation against russia is absurd .
the georgian parliament passed a resolution on the same day , demanding that the russian peacekeeping force stop its peacekeeping activities in the south ossetia , but did not set the specific time limit for the withdrawal of russian peacekeeping troops .
the georgian parliament accused russian peacekeeping personnel of failing to fulfill their obligations and described russia 's actions in the region of conflict as trying to swallow the land of georgia in an attempt to swallow .
the georgian parliament called on the government to take positive action to consider the deployment of troops in the south ossetia conflict area to replace russia 's current peacekeeping operations in the region .
the georgian parliament also instructed the government to revise the law to designate the relevant agreement on russian peacekeeping personnel stationed in the conflict area .
the south ossetia is an autonomous state of georgia and has established ties with the republic of the northern ossetia of russia .
the disintegration of the former soviet union and the declaration of independence by itself , and the state of confrontation with the georgian central government for a long time .
at present , russia has deployed more than 100 military bases in the region .
the unit is a unit established by siege sibhugu in russia in 1992 .
the liaoyuan hospital was responsible for the fire and will be sentenced to death for being suspected of being a major accident .
xinhua news agency , changchun , february 16 , by wire ( reporter liquan zhou ) - the fire at liaoyuan city hospital in jilin province has confirmed 11 persons responsible for the accident , including zhang diankun , head of the hospital electric work squad , and four others , will be prosecuted for their suspected responsibility for major accident .
in december 2005 , the liaoyuan city 's largest hospital -- the huidong hospital , eventually led to a fire that killed 39 people .
in this fire , the chinese people 's volunteers , who had been fighting in the fire , were more than 5,000 square meters .
it is learned that this is the first time that the national medical and health system has undergone a major fire since the founding of new china .
according to investigation , 1600 on the same day , the fire broke out at the liaoyuan city center hospital , and the power supply was reduced to about 180 meters in line with the design of the circuits of the hospital . however , the power gate was not automatically switched to the sub - gate . at that time , the power gate was not automatically switched . the leader of the electrical work squad , zhang diankun , was forced to give him a fire without
at that time , the underground cables that were smoke were about 10 cables and 10 cables , and the situation was so chaotic that the cables were like a cables that were put in full and put on fire prevention layers .
therefore , the 57 - year - old liaoyuan city textile company 's electrical installation team leader zhao yongchun , huochun , retired cadre ( senior engineer ) of the liaoyuan city electric industry bureau , sun fenglin returned to jinchengtai three after retiring from the liaolian city hospital , and was also indicted for being suspected of being involved in major responsibility accidents .
china 's rural tourism , guizhou , etc. , first tourist event in tianlong
xinhua news agency , guiyang , february 16 , by wire ( reporter xinrong shi ) - the tianlong township of tianlong town , pingda county , guizhou province , wore a holiday gown in the midst of a joyous smile .
at 10 : 30 in the morning , the five - year - old year activities ended , with a long shirt of green and blue , old zheng peirong , sounded the first " golden silk " in guizhou , a tourist destination in china 's rural areas .
the tin lung tsuen is one of the most important villages in the country 's rural tourism development and a national tourist demonstration area .
as the hung wu year in the ming dynasty , the descendants of the tuen mun army , more than 600 years have passed away .
here , there is a picture of how many people wear and sleep blue long roars , ancient han culture and clothing .
it is reported that the tianlong village , relying on this cultural and traditional superiority , has developed rural cultural tourism since 2002 . the income of the ticket alone reached 38 million yuan in 2005 , and the whole village has 47percent of peasant households in the village have , through meals and transport through selling tourism commodities and other things , taken part in tourism . the average income of farmers has increased from 1,300 yuan in 2002 to 2640 yuan in 2005 .
guizhou provincial tourism bureau yang shengming , director yang shengming , said that following the first tourist guide in tianlong castle , the proposal about opening new tourism in the rural areas has become a new topic and the various rural tourism activities in guizhou will reach 35 this year .
so far , more than 130 enterprises in guizhou have launched various rural tourism projects . up to 2005 , the number of rural households in the whole province has freed themselves from poverty through developing tourism .
the national average price of housing in 70 cities rose 5.55 percent in january , and the price of shanghai housing continued to drop .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 16 ( reporter liu zheng ) in january this year , the housing prices in 70 large and medium - sized cities nationwide rose by 5.5 percent over the same period last year , and the rate of increase dropped 0.7 percentage points from the previous month .
the shanghai housing prices continued to decline .
the state development and reform commission , a state development and reform commission , released on 16 june data show that most of the 70 large and medium - sized cities saw a slight increase in housing sales prices in january this year , with a sharp increase of over 10 percent in the same month last year , while the housing sales prices in shanghai continued to decline , dropping by 0.4 percent compared with the same period last year .
the same caliber statistics show that in the first quarter of last year , the housing sales prices in shanghai rose 19.1 percent over the same period last year , and afterwards there was a turning point . in the second half of last year , a slight decline was recorded in the same period of last year .
on the basis of the relevant laws and regulations , the prices of newly built houses in 70 large and medium - sized cities rose 6.9 percent in january , 0.2 percentage points lower than the previous month .
the newly built houses increased by 5.1 percent over the same period of last year , and the huojing 14.7percent , in the cities of dalian , the rising rate of 10.7percent in shenzhen , and the rate of increase in chengdu , 8.44 percent in beijing , and 3.1 percent in shanghai compared with the same period last year .
the central organization department has demanded that it further intensify the supervision over the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres and cadres .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 16 , the organization department of the cpc central committee recently issued and issued opinions on strengthening cadre supervision .
the opinions call on organization departments at all levels to proceed from strict management and care for cadres , and to carry out cadre supervision through screening and selection of young cadres through the routine management of cadre training and evaluation , and establish and improve the supervision mechanism for preventing and correcting problems in a timely manner , and effectively strengthen supervision over leading cadres and the work of selecting and appointing cadres .
the opinions pointed out : the work of supervising cadres in organizational departments is a major task . first , supervision over leading bodies and leading cadres should be conducted with emphasis on strengthening supervision over the principal responsible persons of leading bodies , and second , supervision over the selection and appointment of leading cadres in the party and government organizations . the supervision and inspection should be given to the implementation of the " regulations on selecting and appointing leading cadres of party and government organizations . "
in the process of supervising leading bodies and leading cadres , the opinions put forward that we must unswervingly grasp well the education on ideals and convictions and on the education on combating corruption and promoting clean government , and make education run through the training , selection , management , and supervision of cadres , guide and urge leading cadres to strengthen party spirit and urge them to cultivate their party spirit , persist in building a ideological and moral defense line for the government and for the people to guard against corruption and prevent degeneration .
the newly promoted cadres should be given a different degree of responsibility in the aspect of honesty and self - discipline .
we should supervise leading bodies at all levels to adhere to democratic centralism , establish and improve rules and procedures for making decisions , conscientiously implement the system of combining collective leadership with division of work among individuals .
we should give prominence to the supervision of the principal responsible persons of the leading bodies , and the responsible persons of the organizational ( personnel ) departments should often talk about their main heart - to - heart talks with the leading bodies at the next level , so as to understand their ideological style and work style .
we should establish and improve a system for regular management and supervision of leading cadres , regularly understand and analyze the ideological and work style of leading cadres , and put forward opinions and measures for resolving problems .
the practice of leading cadres ' admonition of talks and writing of letters and information should be carried out in a timely manner when problems of a symptom are discovered .
we should seriously investigate and deal with the conspicuous problems of leading cadres , which the masses have complained about , and criticize , educate , or handle the problems in a proper manner , in light of the actual situation , and should hand over the law - and - discipline law enforcement organs to the law and discipline - violating organs , which have indeed failed to do so after the investigation .
at the same time , we should combine strengthening supervision with encouraging cadres to explore and innovate , pay attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the opinions call on the organization ( personnel ) departments at all levels to conscientiously strengthen supervision over the work of selecting and appointing party and government leading cadres .
further improve the system of selecting candidates for examination and make the decision on appointing cadres , and other links , and strictly implement the system of selecting and appointing cadres , so as to make contribution to raising cadres ' work style by improving their work style and improving the masses ' trust in selecting and appointing cadres at various levels .
we should strengthen supervision over the enforcement of the regulations on appointing cadres , and seriously investigate and deal with acts that violate the regulations on appointing cadres , and resolutely check unhealthy trends and corrupt phenomena in appointing cadres .
the practice of a serious violation of the regulations in supervising and inspecting the use of personnel and intensifying supervision and investigation .
we should establish and improve a system of accountability for the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres , and scientifically define the various links of the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres according to the principle of uniformity in power and responsibility , clearly define the principal responsibility of each link in the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres , and make it clear that the methods of investigation and affixing responsibility will be intensified .
we should give full play to the role of mass supervision , set up and improve a mechanism for reporting highly beneficial cases .
give full play to the role of public opinion supervision , and report to the media on the relevant situation in the work of selecting and appointing cadres in a timely manner and subject themselves to public opinion supervision .
the opinions pointed out : it is necessary to further improve the mechanism for coordinating and coordinating the work of cadre supervision .
the organization ( personnel ) departments should strengthen their coordination with discipline inspection organs , and establish a system of responsibility in the work of improving the party style and building a clean and honest administration among cadres in the relevant discipline inspection organs , and strengthen their joint efforts in supervision .
and together with discipline inspection organs to conscientiously do a good job in inspection work , improve inspection methods , improve inspection systems , and improve inspection quality .
we should work with auditing organs to conscientiously carry out the auditing system of economic responsibility of leading cadres .
we should improve the system of internal supervision in the work of selecting and appointing cadres in organization departments .
hk 's trade deficit hits record high
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 16 , by wire ( reporter jianyi chen ) - the economic affairs department of the taiwan authorities decided to punish taiwan 's qiongyan liangxiong on the 15th , one of the two - thirds of the taiwan - based electronics company , nt $ 5 billion . the reason is that the proposal is provided by the proposal to assist others in providing services to help establish a number of millions - self - earning companies and the technology company on the mainland
taiwan 's " china times " reported that this was chen shui - bian 's " stepping up management and opening up the gate of the cross - strait economic and trade policy , and the taiwan authorities penalized taiwan businessmen 's investment in the mainland .
according to reports , taiwan 's economy ministry voted for the hearing and said that the united microsoft received punishment because it violated the regulations governing cross - strait relations and urged the authorities to engage in arbitrage in investment or technology cooperation in the mainland .
in the future , the bids will still look like the situation . the former board chairman , cao xingcheng , and others will issue a penalty .
the sparkling of the case started in february 2005 .
he was then chairman of united microelectronics corp . , and then chairman of the board of directors of the united microelectronics corp . , openly stated that the united microelectronics had failed to violate any regulations of the taiwan authorities and that it was aimed at providing assistance to its ship - to - ship technology for the long - term interests of its alliance . if the united microelectronics did not enter the mainland market as soon as possible , it would lose business opportunities .
after that , the taiwan authorities ' financial supervision and management committee arbitrarily distorted the rules regarding commercial information , and asked the united front to impose a penalty of 3 million new taiwan dollars on the telecom .
in january , 2006 , yonhap board of directors accepted cao xingcheng 's resignation , and cao xingcheng was dismissed for several hours after being suspected of violating regulations on investment in the mainland .
the united microelectronics and taiwan polyware circuits company ( called " pan - tai " ) and claimed that taiwan 's hue and woe are leading hi - tech enterprises on the island .
the taiwan authorities have been making a big string of moves to investigate and deal with unitary power in the past year , and this has been followed with great interest by people of all circles on the island .
hk 's trade deficit hits record in 2002
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 17 ( reporter li kun ) the second time i go across macao in my heart
this is a pair of chinese characters , which is jointly sponsored by the macao foundation and the hundred flowers literature and art publishing house , and chen jiangong , vice chairman of the chinese writers ' association , and others , will be the chairman of the appraisal committee .
in 2004 , the return of macao to the motherland was 5 th anniversary , and macao was thriving in my heart . literature and art lovers at home and abroad responded positively . the organizing committee received more than 8,000 entries , more than 10 award winners at home and abroad were invited to the macao sar to receive awards .
the executive committee of the macao foundation , wu zhiliang , said at a press conference on 17 july that last year , the statue of wu zhiliang , a historical city , was included in the world cultural heritage list . this not only signified the affirmation of the whole world over the years , but also imply that the traditional humanistic tradition of the chinese nation , especially love , has been passed on and developed in macao in 2006 , and the government of the macao
" we are glad to see that the chinese government has made great efforts to promote the development of the macao sar and the macao sar in the new century , " wu said .
it is reported that the competition will be finished on 1 september this year . the " foreign edition of the bulletin " will open columns to select the entries .
the results of the evaluation were published and will be announced in early 2007 in the macao sar .
shandong has successfully implemented a new infant heart transplant operation
xinhua news agency , jinan , february 17 ( zhang yuming and shen yao ) - the institute of cardiovascular disease in jinan military region recently successfully implemented an operation of cardiovascular disease in infants .
the reporter saw on the 17th in the intensive care care room that 51 days after the operation , the baby was full of red scarce , and all monitoring and inspection indexes were normal , and the operation was smoothly passed through the critical period . she was playing with great interest the toys he bought by healthcare personnel .
according to the information provided by the doctors who took the same day , the patient from shandong 's ta'an rural area was sent to the hospital by his parents , and the whole body was green and the breathing difficulties , and after checking the diagnosis of the childanosis anosphorus , he was transplanted to the heart .
the heart transplant operation is a difficult part of the heart surgery , and the most difficult surgical operation is the most complicated operation .
in particular , children under one year of age who are ill in the mind of infants are still in the country .
the jinan military region 's research institute of cardiovascular disease organized experts to repeatedly test the situation overnight , carefully designed a plan for surgery and post - surgical custody , and made independent innovations in the method of coding the blood vessels and carried out experiments on animal experiments .
in december 2005 , 8:00 a. m . , the surgery formally began .
the cardiac is a patient who was a congenital heart caused by poor sexual lung uteness .
the operation should be coincided with six blood vessels , with more than 510 injections , and the diameter of each diameter not exceeding 3 mm .
the 295 minutes later , the operation was completely successful .
the state administration of safety supervision and control has issued a circular to check the occurrence of major and extraordinarily serious accidents , such as coal mines ,
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 17 ( reporter liu zheng ) four major accidents happened one after another in the coal mine accident that killed more than 100 people . the grim situation in national production safety in the past year has resulted in the increasing number of major and especially serious accidents involving the containment of coal mines and other major accidents , and have become the most important among all the top priority in the work of the national safety supervision .
the reporter learned from the state administration of production safety on 17 july that in order to truly curb the occurrence of major accidents such as coal mines , it is also the most important task for coal mines .
this year , the safety and safety supervision bureau will pay close attention to the following three things :
hello .
" the gas industry should make use of the products they have made before others , " he said .
if gao gas mine is not implemented , there should be no comparison between taking things up and taking things later , and the administration should order it to stop production immediately according to law .
hello .
we should turn the " opinions " of 5243 which have been made public to society , and the more than 700 coal pits recently reported in various localities , which have been locally reported , into a matter of pernicious death .
we should make the closure of mines a regular task , and constantly close down those things that undermine the environment and do not have safety conditions .
hello .
we should correct problems that hamper the development of small numbers of large state - owned mines and guide the construction of small mines with chaotic management .
in particular , we should pay close attention to key state - owned coal mines and allow super - intense production .
the security of production and control targets for this year demand that the number of deaths of various types in the country should be reduced by 35.7 percent over last year , of which the coal mines should drop by 3.5 percent .
one death was 10 or more .
these control indices have been sent to the people 's governments at various provincial levels , and various localities are implementing them all at the grass - roots level and enterprises .
the statistics show that the number of coal mine accidents in china was 5986 , down 0.79 percent from the year before .
however , the 10 people who died in one major accident or more were on the rise , and the number of victims in the accident rose 66.6 percent over the same period last year .
us rates on 30 - year mortgages to kosovo beijing , nov. 15
xinhua news agency , belgrade , february 17 ( reporter he yi ) - pristina news : the european commission president barroso met in the capital of pristina on the 17 th in pristina , hoping that the parties concerned would make compromises and make preparations for the future holding talks in kosovo , and strive to ultimately establish a democratic and multi - ethnic kosovo .
barroso said on the same day that he had met with president of the provisional authority of the kosovo liberation army , and representatives of the serbian serbian people , saying that the parties concerned in kosovo should have a tolerant attitude and establish a kosovo where a democratic and multi - ethnic integration is needed , and that the kosovo that respects the government 's ruling power and protects the rights and interests of the minority ethnic groups can be recognized by the international community .
he also stressed that the european commission will do its best to help kosovo 's development .
barroso also expressed his appreciation for kosovo 's efforts in implementing the un - proposed eight standards for democratic progress in kosovo .
he said that these standards are the key factors affecting the integration of kosovo and europe .
he also urged all countries in kosovo to take part in the organization of kosovo , and to make joint efforts to achieve democracy and the integration of various nationalities in kosovo .
barroso made the remarks when he arrived in pristina , capital of kosovo , on the same day for a one - day visit .
earlier , president barroso visited croatia and serbia and montenegro and he will also visit albania and bosnia - herzegovina .
( winter olympics ) xinglidoses news analysis : the distribution of the cloned babies may not end without end
xinhua news agency , turin , february 17 , news analysis : the distribution of lionova incident may not end without end
xinhua news agency , gao peng , ding guangying
although italy repeatedly ordered the " peace treaty " to be signed during the turin winter olympics , the use of stimulants may be faced with a storm of confusion , but at present , judging from various situations , this situation is not likely to happen in the first time in this winter olympics , the main roles of the stimulant scandal of the stimulants of this year , the austerin , the austerin , russia 's winter player , said .
turin winter olympics held its first ceremony on the 16th , the first scandal of stimulants since its opening . erdoga was found to have used banned drug cards .
the next day , the international olympic committee announced that the dispatch of lena had already been removed from the winter olympics . she won the winter medal of 15 kilometers in the women 's personal gold medal at the winter olympics .
the international winter quarterly league is set to hold a meeting on the allocation of the orpha for two years .
the government has always stipulated that athletes should be able to take the initiative to make use of stimulants at the olympic games and be stripped of their qualification , but they are not subject to legal sanctions .
however , according to the italian law , the carrying and using stimulants by an athlete is a crime , and the judiciary has the right to directly arrest and investigate the use of stimulants , and to defy the law by the example of the law , and to be sentenced to three months ' imprisonment .
on december 20 , the ioc and the italian government signed a statute entitled " open price " after a year of hard work , and both sides agreed to set up a " standard " for athletes to use stimulants in the current winter olympics .
through the efforts of the ioc , the italian side has made positive efforts in four days before the opening of the winter olympics , pledging that the police will not enter the olympic village to search the athletes ' place during the winter olympics . however , the filipino athletes who are in an orderly condition will still be subject to investigation by the italian procuratorial organ .
some reports say that the italian government supervises the work of the turin winter olympics , perry , has sent the jubljanet incident to the dutch procuratorial organ .
however , the ioc and the petersburg himself have not confirmed the incident .
russia 's winter second team , the andijan - miyov , revealed at noon on the 17th that the sent lena lady has left turin and returned to china .
he has been a member of the world anti - doping agency for many years , shi kangcheng , said that once she sent her to china , it is possible that she will leave behind the scenes in this matter .
" the government will continue to work with the italian government to promote the development of the national economy , " said shi guangsheng , director of the international olympic committee ( ioc ) and the italian government , in the winter olympics , " it is not going to solve this problem , " said shi .
according to previous estimates of the use of stimulants by italian athletes , the number of illegal immigrants received by the banned was also only a " pole " in the two years of imprisonment slowly carried out .
therefore , the italian lufthansa news senior reporter pierre said that the possibility of sending lena to prison was unexpected , and at most it was fine .
peliele added that although the italian court could try its absence , the italian police could not go abroad to send lena back to serve the sentence .
if the united states sent her ilk to refuse to accept the verdict , the italian side would have no way to take her .
according to a comprehensive report , the new epidemic situation has continued to emerge in various countries in the world , including the countries in the world , in strictly guarding against the disease
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 18 , according to a xinhua report , the bird flu has spread further in the african continent .
the world health organization confirmed on the 17th that three areas in egypt have been found dead for bird flu .
in europe , france also for the first time discovered five bird flu viruses , europe 's high vigilance , and strengthened anti - epidemic measures .
the world health organization ( who ) 's east mediterranean region advisor hassan bush told the press on 17 august that the huohue in central egypt and the three regions in the south of mingya have discovered the deaths of 5-1 strain of bird flu virus , and relevant departments of the egyptian government have begun slaughtering suspected bird flu - like poultry .
experts pointed out that egypt is the first arab country to migratory birds in the middle east and north africa , and that the possibility of bringing the avian flu virus into egypt by migratory birds is very high .
egypt has announced that it will ban the import of live poultry from other countries and strengthen quarantine work at border ports .
cameroon president java ron said thursday that the outbreak of the disease had been caused by more than 800 chickens in the past week .
cameroon has decided to suspend the import of poultry and poultry from nigeria , where the bird flu outbreak has occurred , and to suspend all imports of poultry and related products in the two countries ' border .
the cameroonian government has also built a national missile defense system covering the entire country within a short time , and the bassk center and the national veterinary laboratory of the country are also in an emergency awaiting orders , so as to conduct laboratory tests on 591 virus in the state of emergency anytime .
in europe , denmark and sweden , the two countries have preliminarily ruled out the epidemic on the 17th .
the swedish veterinary institute released a report on the death of the dead swan found on wednesday , indicating that the swedish swan did not have the avian flu virus .
denmark 's national veterinary authority 's preliminary laboratory results also showed that the recent bird flu cases in denmark were among 30 people .
however , the agriculture department said denmark could not take it lightly .
the romanian government has decided to cut the number of poultry imports from the country by 10 percent to 10 percent this year , the official said .
in asia , bangladesh has taken all necessary measures to prevent the outbreak of avian influenza .
the government 's domestic livestock service bureau provided relevant officials with books on avian flu prevention and also organized poultry farmers to train .
( selected newspaper collections ) china 's first blood information management system to be built in zhejiang
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 18 , the blood center of zhejiang province revealed that china 's first joint venture in the management and control network of blood information has been officially completed and put into use in the center recently .
the blood center in zhejiang province said that this means that no citizen will be allowed to stay in any county ( city ) in zhejiang province in the future to take part in blood donation without compensation .
the responsible person further explained that if the import of relevant code records is used , the system will show that the insolvency of the blood has not reached yet , and will indicate that the blood donation conditions are not in line with the current conditions .
this will not only protect the lives of those who donate blood , but also effectively protect the health and safety of those who use blood .
in addition , when the blood is in tight supply , donors and their families have the right to give priority to blood use , and so long as you provide effective documents to the blood donors , you can immediately show your blood donor information , which is quite convenient .
according to the hangzhou " today 's morning news , " the information system has been developed in all 36 provinces and municipalities where blood supply and blood supply are put into use . the blood resources of blood supply and blood supply organs in the province have also been displayed real time , and the province has shared data .
to prevent the recurrence of a slope collapse in 11 villages in the philippines ,
xinhua news agency , manila , february 18 , philippine local officials said on the 18th that 11 villages in the eastern philippines had been in urgent need of emergency evacuation to prevent the recurrence of similar landslide incidents .
the south lesotho official said that the government had decided to set up a working group to deal with the hillside on the same day .
the evacuation of 11 villages will be resettled in seven villages .
lyas said : the government yesterday ordered the residents to withdraw , and today it sent people to check the villages because some people did not want to leave their homes .
on the 17th , the landslide occurred in the southern part of south lesotho , a village on the mountain , in which the soil and rocks were seen on television , and the soil and rocks were buried in the village , only seeing several roofs .
as the soil is very thick and wet , the buried underground water is so lucky that people can survive .
at present , 109 people have been found dead and 57 others have been rescued .
it is estimated that the cause of the accident may be as high as 1,800 people .
( overseas chinese , overseas chinese , southern fujian ) quanzhou , january 19
xinhua news agency , fuzhou , february 19 , by wire ( guo yu ) the export volume of quanzhou city continued to maintain a high - speed growth momentum in january this year .
according to customs statistics , in january quanzhou exports were 330 - million us dollars , the best in history , an increase of 35.2 percent over the same period last year , higher than the average growth rate of the province .
according to the information provided by the quanzhou city foreign economic and trade bureau , the export volume of quanzhou in january was able to rise rapidly , mainly due to the role played by various foreign trade support measures in quanzhou , enterprise export enthusiasm was running high , quanzhou 's economy was brisk , enterprises ' business confidence was strengthened , and the high - efficiency and unimpeded environment for foreign trade development was mainly attributed to the fact that the export support measures were being implemented in quan@@
