the death of the princess wanda has been stolen from two mobile computers
london , june 6 , 2007
the london daily express reported that two diagnosed princess diana died in paris in 1997 and the computer was used by the former metropolitan police chief 's office .
the report pointed out that the theft sparked speculation that the computer might have hidden a large computer , which was transmitted by the former metropolitan police chief , sir stephen smith .
however , a metropolitan police spokesman said that the computer did not have any sensitive information or any information relating to the investigation .
sir stephen smith is the first senior police officer of the british nosangbiya police station , and his office is located in the area of taienhe new bao .
the report said that the nsangobi police office has been chasing two cases of theft in the past 10 days .
the incident occurred on 28 and 29 january , during which the money and computers were taken away , and the second case occurred last week . no loss was caused .
the norsamua police said there was no evidence to show that the two theft cases and the work of sir slato vinson were related .
steve vincent has been tracing the cause of princess wyers ' death not directly led to the car accident .
the royal corpse , bergis , ordered in 2004 to continue to trace the relevant evidence .
princess diana , on august 31 , 1997 , died in a car accident in a paris tunnel , where she and her husband were killed . the two were also her husband fayed and the driver .
after two years of investigation , the french police believed that the accident was caused by the driver 's drink driving and taking drugs and the driver 's car drove out of control , resulting in a tragedy in the car 's loss of control .
the two sides agreed to hold talks in geneva later this month
colombo , april 7 , 2007
the peace process in norway said that the war groups in sri lanka agreed to hold talks in geneva on the 22 nd of this month to defuse the dispute over the efforts of all sides to seek an end to decades of racial bloodshed , but to date they have been in a three - year deadlock in negotiations .
sorghum , norwegian special peace envoy , held talks with the tamil tiger group in london , after which baradei , the negotiator of the tamil tiger group , was able to achieve this breakthrough .
the norwegian embassy here said in a statement that conflicts in sri lanka were created by the government and the tamil tigers . they demanded the norwegian government help to hold the two - day negotiations in geneva on february 22 nd , the norwegian government .
the two - day talks will focus on how to strengthen the cease - fire agreement that took effect on 23 february 2002 , and this agreement has never been fully observed by both sides .
the norwegian embassy pointed out that the two sides will discuss how to improve the cease - fire agreement , and this is the first time that the two sides have held face - to - face negotiations at such a high level in three years .
somham said he will lead the norwegian team to participate in the negotiations and the four representatives of the tamil tiger organization , led by baradei khan , will lead the sri lankan government by the minister of health .
he said : the road to peace is a small step , but an important step , and the process of negotiations is expected to hardship in this regard .
the former prime minister , who held face - to - face talks to resolve the sri lankan racial conflict , held in japan in march 2003 , but the tamil tigers organization , which was supposed to hold the seventh round of talks in thailand in april 2003 , cancelled the original plan for the talks .
du lin 's winter olympics opens south - north korean team marches together
afp , italy 's riyadh , 10th .
the 20 th winter olympic games opened today in du lin , at which the two koreas , who were mutually hostile to each other during the cold war , joined hands in the ceremony to enter the stadium .
south korean women 's skating competitor li baola and north korean men 's flower skating competitor han chenren served as the head of the national team of the two countries respectively leading south korean delegation to the winter olympic games sports ground .
this is the first time that a south korean olympic delegation has won the olympic games with north korea in the winter olympics .
to reflect the latest progress in the reconciliation and unity between the two sides , the summer olympic games in sydney in 2000 and the 2004 summer olympics in athens were held . both south korea and north korea were together .
north korea has not participated in the salt lake city in the united states , the 19 th winter olympic games .
the korean peninsula was split into a capitalist south korea and communism in 1948 . the two sides held a joint military exercise in the 1950-1953 korean war .
south korean leaders met in 2000 for a summit meeting , and bilateral relations turned for the better .
according to the tradition , the greek team is the first country to enter the stadium , among the 80 countries participating in the competition , south korea is the 23 rd country to enter the stadium .
the landlord national congress and national security group are the last to enter the country . when the italian team entered the stadium , there was a warm cheer and cheers .
hovman had been indulged in drugs , luckily realized the importance of performing arts .
new york , april 16 , 2007
the united states , which is widely recognized as the most hopeful to win this year 's oscar film cave imperialism : cold blood has ended white in the male lead player , the philippines , the philippines , the philippines , the pesothman , revealed that he had been indulged in drug and wine when he was young . so luckily , he was able to get out of the limelight in the drug and liquor .
" we are very concerned about the situation in the 60 minutes before the start of the sixty minutes of a survey conducted by cbs news magazine . "
he only came out of the 20 th , and just graduated from the department of drama of the university of new york , and entered a society of all glory . everyday he was moving fast , and finally he turned around and became unconscious and swollen , and lost control .
he was in the eruption center at the age of 22 , and there he executes the habit of getting drunk and drug - trafficking , which was the most panic of his life .
the upcoming summit of oscar awards to be held next month will illustrate the role of american writer keobo , the movie tiger of the us writer kobobosman : cold blood has ruled white emperor , and is considered the most hopeful to win the best male lead prize .
before that , he had already won the approval of his superb performance and had won many awards including a golden ball prize , the best male lead .
the 38 - year - old actor said in the interview that if he had not made a decision to mend his bad habit before becoming famous , he might have not been nominated by oscar .
he said he admires those who were 19 years old and suddenly became famous in the sky .
four european countries have found bird flu pandemic
brussels , april 16 , 2007
the virus has been found in europe , causing panic .
eu executive committee approves new development of controls to slow down the process of discovering the regions of viruses in the region and prohibits all the biological trade of poultry and birds .
africa and nigeria have found the deadly h5mechanics after discovering the virus for the eighth day , the epidemic has continuously expanded to more farms , and there are signs that they have crossed the northern border into nyday .
egyptian officials are investigating a farm in the southern part of the country where the chickens suddenly died , worrying that the virus might continue to spread .
the european market has been affected by the virus incident , with the eu executive commission stressing that there is no reason to panic .
the executive committee is responsible for the health and food safety executive committee , said the public 's concern for the incident is understandable , but there is no need for excessive reaction .
after the virus detection point of three kilometers surrounding the spot and the 10 km alert zone , the eu executive committee has introduced new regulations to replace the entire european region where the virus is found as a cushioning area .
a us official who declined to be named pointed out that everyone has become very nervous and that they are handling matters every day and night from various european countries , suspected of the outbreak .
the european region has so far seized a total of austria 's loess schiegel , which belongs to greece , and its dominating role in the romanian landscape , the ukraine of slovenia , russia 's territory in europe , and other places , all appeared on the territory of the 1 virus , almost all of which were found in the wild swans .
romania found 31 cases on monday , with the start of the cyclical disease in slovenia and the rugenoa island in germany .
italy 's southern part was in two ducks where bird flu viruses were found , the first case in europe of wild geese , infection of 5:1 virus .
eu officials are now most concerned about the possibility of the migratory birds that will soon fly back from africa .
the nigerian government is stepping up its efforts to stop the spread of viruses on the african continent to humans .
the government of niger announced that all five - kilometer - long - range poultry within the area of the infected farms would be destroyed without any threat .
neighboring countries niger , japan , announced a national alert and raised four million us dollars of emergency plans to monitor and control the border with nigeria .
the newly established national emergency committee said they had received a report that , with the bilateral security loose and loose border ma'together , nearly 400 birds died .
the new regulations on management of business of china 's electronic banking system will be implemented on 1 march .
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to provide a total of 40,500 yuan ( about 47,000 us dollars ) of bank loans to the country in the coming three years , according to a report issued by the china banking regulatory commission ( cbrc ) here today .
a cbrc spokesman said that according to the regulations of the management measures , the approval methods of foreign - funded financial institutions have basically remained unchanged , that is , after foreign banks ' approval to establish internet banking business , the new variety of internet banking business should be reported and examined by the main reporting banks within china .
to standardize the use of the internet for bank business , the people 's bank of china promulgated the " interim procedures for managing on - line banking business " in june 2001 .
a cbrc spokesman said that with the continuous development of commercial banks ' electronic banking business , the interim procedures can no longer meet the requirements of the supervision of risks in electronic banking . the cbrc has formulated two new regulations for this purpose .
according to a cbrc spokesman , the cbrc has confirmed the quality of the safe assessment organizations , which is different from the administrative licensing of entry into the industry or enterprise qualifications . it is not an essential condition for the evaluation organizations to conduct the electronic banking safety assessment business , but only for reference when they are selected and assessed by financial institutions .
as long as the safety assessment organizations meet the requirements and requirements , and even if they do not have the credentials of the cbrc , the financial institutions can employ them to carry out the safety assessment of e - banking , but they should manage them in accordance with the relevant regulations .
the " procedures for managing business of electronic banking " comprise nine chapters and 99 articles , which are divided into nine chapters , which apply and change the management of floating risks , data exchange and transfer management , and management of cross - border business management operations , and nine parts , including legal responsibility and supplementary responsibility .
the " guidelines on electronic banking safety assessment " consists of 57 articles in five chapters , which are divided into five chapters , whereas the general assessment organization 's safety assessment is carried out , and the attached five parts , including the management and support of security assessment activities .
" the publication of mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , chen yun on investigation and study "
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the book " mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , " compiled by the central party literature research center , was recently published and distributed by the central literature publishing house .
we should conduct investigations and studies in depth , persist in integrating theory with practice , and formulate and implement correct lines , principles , and policies based on this is the basic experience and basic work method of the cpc in leading revolution and construction .
mao zedong thought zhou enlai , liu qi 's mechanic , was born in the old generation of revolutionaries , including chen yun , who once made many important and brilliant expositions on the questions of investigation and research . they often went down to the grassroots level to conduct social surveys and wrote many investigation reports .
the practice and results of their investigation and study are of great significance to guiding the cause of the party and the people to advance along the correct road .
" the publication of mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , on investigation and study " is divided into three parts : the first part is the collection of theses by mao zedong and other older generation revolutionaries on investigation and study , and the second part is a collection of selected works by mao zedong and other older generation revolutionaries , and the third part is the three investigation group sent by mao zedong in the 1960s and the 360s of
most of these reports were published for the first time .
two more versions of the " report on the central leaders ' investigation and study in the 1950 s and 1960 s .
russia reiterates its adherence to one - china policy
moscow , february 6 ( xinhua ) russian deputy foreign minister alexander alexander alexeyev reiterated on the 6th when meeting with chinese ambassador to russia liu guchang that russia upholds the one - china stand .
alexeyev said russia has noticed chen shui - bian 's recent remarks about taiwan independence .
the russian government has always upheld the one - china principle and firmly supported china 's efforts to realize the great cause of national reunification .
last year , the chinese npc adopted the anti - secession law . russia first publicly expressed its support for this .
alexeyev said that the russian foreign ministry will issue a statement as soon as possible , reiterating the one - china stand and opposing taiwan independence .
china , us to hold third chinese compatriots ' meeting in south africa
xinhua news agency , johannesburg , february 6 ( reporter chen ming ) lin yixing , a native of fuqing , fujian province , china , was hit by local militants in his bar in the small hours of the 5th local time . after emergency treatment , the south african medical center of burundian hospital died on the early morning of the 6th after all .
according to the president of the free state federation of chinese organizations , feng yang , the incident occurred at the welkkerm city in the northwest of burundi , more than 130 kilometers from the northwest of the burundi .
at that time , the owner of the shop , lin yixing , picked up the items inside the bar , preparing to complete the day 's business .
at this time , there were three customers in the shop , one of the customers who pulled out their pistols and dashed into the bar tower and carried out robbery .
lin yixing , 40 , fought with the scoundrels , and the scoundrels fired at lin yixing , but fled afterwards .
upon hearing the news , local people rushed to the scene to send lin yixing to the hospital for treatment . because lin yixing 's body had a whole set of blood pipes and infantry bleeding symptoms , it died in the early morning of 6 february at around 3:30 am .
on 6 february , the chinese consulate general in york xu defu and some south african chinese fellow compatriots living in fujian province , including lin changming , vice president of the association of chinese fujian compatriots in south africa , drove to burunan to help the family of the deceased deal with the aftermath of the incident .
mr lam was the first senior member of the criminal gang to be killed by the culprits within 36 hours and was also the fourth chinese to be killed in south africa this year .
( newspaper clippings ) shanghai : part - time staff and graduates of higher learning become the main force in hourly work
beijing , february 7 ( xinhua ) the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau released on the 6th the latest figures on wages for labor and social security in 2006 , with the number of posts being counted in 120 , 11 more than the previous time , with the number of posts increasing by 11 , with the original salaries falling .
according to the relevant experts of the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau , currently shanghai 's hourly workers have already exceeded 1 million .
according to a report by zhongguo qingnian bao , graduates and part - time personnel from institutions of higher learning are the main components of the team of hours ' and engineering personnel .
through the survey of nearly 8,000 hours ' work , over half of the staff are part - time staff , with 51.1 percent of them being part - time staff .
the cultural level of part - time workers is generally higher , and they mainly engage in work with relatively strong technical skills , such as translation posts , part - time staff ratio is as high as 81.7 % , and fitness is 61.6 % .
high income is the result of many people doing hours of work and part - time jobs .
it is understood that the monthly income of individual posts can reach tens of thousands of yuan , and it will be hard to demand , just like transmitting sound , and the monthly income of the hourly job can be more than 2,000 yuan , such as part - time financial marriage ceremonies .
and to satisfy individual interests and expand one 's knowledge , and this is also a major reason why part - time workers are favored by one .
for example , when a certain enterprise is a manager of the human resources department , mr. gu will take a few hours a week to handle the financial account of a foreign company 's representative office .
mr koo said that the maximum benefits for a part - time job were to continuously update his knowledge and to have opportunities to involve another area , of course , the income of $ 2,000 per month also has a certain degree of attractiveness .
as some of the jobs are at a low level , the forms of work are flexible and free , and many graduates are now seeking jobs , 14 % of them are in the tertiary and secondary vocational schools in the past three years .
at the beginning i did n't want to do an hour work , but after i did it for a few months , i felt it would be better than the 9 - 5 night work .
after graduating from the university , the work they found was not as good as what they were . in the end , they hung their name at a guesthouse , playing music with piano .
but i am quite satisfied with the current work , and the environment is good for 100 yuan per hour , and i am now looking for a few more hours of work .
it is understood that the hours - long work has become a process of accumulating work experience among graduates who are seeking jobs and accumulating work experience , improving communication skills , and increasing social experience .
when graduates do hour - long jobs , they focus on the areas with a relatively strong knowledge and skills , such as translation jobs with a strong professional proficiency , time - specific performing arts , with a strong ratio of 22.1 % and 26.8 % respectively .
hours work and part of work skills are not required to be high , such as food sales promotion personnel and driving slips , etc. the unemployed personnel can take up jobs through simple training .
the number of hours ' employees was originally a small percentage of the unemployed . among them , the number of unemployed personnel in the retail trade reached 68.44 percent , and the percentage of the food and beverage was 58.7 percent . the number of hours of work has become an important channel for the unemployed to find jobs .
prc 's wu bangguo inspects anhui work
beijing , february 8 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a nationwide survey on the work of the npc standing committee in anhui province , which will be based on three important concepts , namely , three representative households , to guide economic and social development , and to integrate the implementation of the principles and policies of the central authorities with local realities , further emancipate the mind , carry out work in a creative way , implement the scientific development concept in concrete measures , and continuously open up new work areas .
from 6 to 8 february , wu bangguo went to the wushan mountain , wushu , and other places , to go deep into enterprises , township scientific research institutes , and institutes of higher learning to inspect the work .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui has the advantage of having a region linking the eastern region with the southern region of the western region , and is an important agricultural region in china . it has rich natural resources , a relatively good industrial foundation , a fairly strong scientific and educational force , and a unique cultural and tourist resources .
anhui should firmly seize the important opportunity of promoting the rise of central china , always unwaveringly uphold the central task of economic construction , conscientiously implement the central principles and policies in close connection with anhui 's actual conditions , carry out work in a creative way , and implement the scientific development concept in concrete measures and in actual work .
we should promptly sum up practical experience , fully rely on the masses , vigorously support reform and innovation , and continuously create a new situation in anhui 's work .
we should actively promote the building of a harmonious society , persistently integrate the realization of good results and maintenance of the fundamental interests of the broadest masses of the people as the starting point and the foothold of all our work , actively create conditions , and resolve the practical problems of the masses in difficulties , gradually resolve the problem of adjustment of distribution relationships , gradually narrowing the gap between urban and rural areas , gradually narrowing the gap between regions , safeguarding and realizing social fairness and justice , and enabling
wu bangguo stressed : china has reached the stage where it must rely more on enhancing its ability to independently make innovations and improving the quality of laborers to promote economic and social development . only by vigorously promoting scientific and technological progress and innovation can we achieve a leap in the quality of productive forces and truly push economic and social development onto the track of scientific development .
we should establish and perfect as soon as possible a system and mechanism that are conducive to innovation , increase investment in science and technology , encourage patent invention , develop famous brands , speed up the transformation of scientific and technological achievements into real productive forces , strengthen enterprises ' status as the main body in independent innovation , and continuously raise the contribution rate of scientific and technological progress to economic growth .
we should support and encourage the participation of key technological elements in distribution , and establish and perfect a statistical index system that reflects our ability to independently make innovations , and study and formulate policies for supporting and innovating in finance and government procurement , so as to form a policy system that encourages independent innovation .
we should cultivate a sense of innovation in the whole society , vigorously advocate the spirit of daring to blaze new trails , and strive to create a good atmosphere of coming up in large numbers of talented people .
wu bangguo pointed out : in the process of ruling the country according to law and building a socialist country ruled by law , the npc has played an increasingly important role .
to do a good job of the work of the people 's congress in the new situation , first , we should adhere to the correct political direction , unswervingly follow the path of socialist political development with chinese characteristics , and organically integrate upholding the party 's leadership and the people 's masters of their own affairs and ruling the country according to law .
second , we should closely focus on the overall situation of the work of the party and the state , closely focus on the major issues in reform , development , and stability , and carry out our work closely around the hot and difficult problems of universal concern to the masses of the people , so as to continuously enhance the practical results of the work of the people 's congress .
third , it is necessary to give play to the characteristics and advantages of the npc 's work , uphold democratic centralism , handle affairs according to procedures , and make collective decisions .
we should adhere to the mass line , take the people as the foundation , exercise power for the people , be concerned about the people , and work for the interests of the people .
china proposes major science research plans for 15 years
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to launch a series of measures to enhance china 's international competitiveness , promote sustainable development and achieve a major leap forward , according to a white paper on the state medium @ - and long - term plan for scientific and technological development ( 2006 - 2020 ) issued by the state council on the 9 th .
these four major scientific plans are the results of research on protein regulation and control and research on the relationship between the growth and breeding of the protein .
the outline points out that protein science is a life science that has been fiercely contented by developed countries at present .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on studying the study of protein in research groups in the conversion of important biological systems , study the marxist theory on the structure of biology and the functions of the white protein biology and the biology and system biology and the protein research methods and related basic research related basic research based on the calculation of the biomedicine and system biology and the protein quality calculation .
the outline also holds that quantum regulation and control research is obviously farsighted and may be carried out in a way that is difficult to estimate by 2030 .
china will focus on the research of carrier carriers and regulatory principles and methods of quantum communications , calculate the volume of the new quantitative effect , measure of limited small - scale quantitative system , new principles and new technological basis for quantitative regulation and control and measurement .
in addition , the outline points out that nanotechnology has become a strategic choice for many countries to enhance their core competitiveness , and is also one of the areas that china can expect to achieve leapfrog development .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on research in this field , including the controllable manufacture of nanometer materials and the installation of automated assembling and functions , the mechanics of mechanical metaphysics and nanometric medicine , nanometer specification and measurement , and the quantity of nanometer material materials and the use of nanometer technology in the energy source environment .
china 's population growth is large , there are many flaws , and transplant organs are seriously short , and the peak of the aging of the population is just around the corner . therefore , it is urgent to make breakthroughs in the theory of reproductive and developmental science and make technological innovations .
according to the outline , china will focus on the research of the growth and integration of stem cell growth and control , and the maturity of biology and the weakness and retreat of the human reproductive function , the auxiliary reproductive and stem technology , and other factors .
shanghai 's housing price increase dropped by nearly 7 percentage points
shanghai , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has approved a total of 34-4 - billion yuan ( about 3-4 - billion us dollars ) of the land market in 2005 , according to the ministry of finance .
according to the latest data , last year , the various indexes of shanghai 's real estate industry dropped significantly or the rate of increase slowed down markedly .
of the total , the price of residential housing dropped 6.6 percentage points from the previous year , while the added value of real estate industry decreased by 4.1 percent from the previous year .
pan jixin , director of the shanghai municipal statistics bureau , said at a press conference a few days ago that in 2005 , the average selling price of commercial residential housing in shanghai was 6698 yuan per square meter , 313 yuan higher than in 2004 .
the price of commercial residential housing rose 9.2 percent over the previous year , with the rate of increase falling 6.6 percentage points from the same period last year .
the added value of the real estate industry for the whole year was 67.023 billion yuan , down by 4.1 percent over the previous year .
with the outstanding loans of financial institutions , the outstanding amount of personal housing mortgage loans was 264.494 - billion yuan , which was only 9.94 - billion yuan in the same year . the new loan amount reached 72.809 - billion yuan in 2004 .
pan jianxin said : the annual sales price of shanghai 's real estate shows that the price of commodity housing sales has slumped steadily .
the statistics also showed that according to the latest data and calculations , the real estate price increase in shanghai dropped somewhat in 2005 , the average selling price of residential housing was 6698 yuan per square meter , 313 yuan higher than that in 2004 .
the total sales price of housing in 2005 was 9.7 percent higher than that of the previous year , with the rate of increase falling 6.2 percentage points from that of the previous year .
according to his briefing , last year , the city completed a total of 124.686 - billion yuan in investment in real estate development , up 6.1 percent over the previous year .
the sales area was 315.887 million square meters , down 9.5 percent .
the total sales volume of commercial housing reached 21.63 billion yuan , down 4.55 percent from the previous year .
two light plane crashed in new zealand
wellington , february 9 ( xinhua ) two new zealand light plane crashed into the sea off the coast of the shangrong area about 100 kilometers north of wellington on the 9th , killing two students at the flight academy .
according to relevant responsible persons of local civil aviation departments , the pilots on both planes were all pilots of the academy of flight in the university of marsh . they are still undergoing training and have not obtained any flight license .
at the time of the incident , the two planes were in a non - air control area . according to regulations , when pilots fly in such a region , they should be responsible for the navigation and safety of the aircraft .
a man who witnessed the incident told the new zealand media that the plane collided with it and he heard a huge explosive sound and saw the plane crashed into the ground at a speed .
another eyewitness also confirmed that before the plane crashed , a huge explosive sound was heard and the plane 's brake fell .
the cause of the collision is still unknown , and the local civil aviation department will investigate this .
china , argentina vow to promote ties with taiwan , says chinese
xinhua news agency , buenos aires , february 8 ( reporter cao yu ) a chinese delegation formed by overseas chinese and chinese residing in argentina issued a solemn statement on the 8th , strongly condemning chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence , saying that taiwan is attempting to separate from china .
the statement said : chen shui - bian 's speech on 29 january declared that he would abolish the monopoly power and the unification guidelines of the country and the integration of the two countries , taking another step toward the inclusion of taiwan independence .
compatriots on both sides of the strait have long expectations for peace and taiwan compatriots ' good desire for peace and development will face severe challenges .
the statement pointed out that resolutely opposing and containing separatist activities within the taiwan strait and safeguarding peace and stability in the taiwan strait area are still the most urgent task at present for compatriots on both sides of the strait and for all chinese people in the world .
the statement stressed that the argentine council for the promotion of peaceful reunification of china is willing to unite with all overseas chinese and ethnic chinese in argentina , who adhere to the one - china principle , and resolutely oppose the attempts of taiwan independence in any form and actively promote china 's peaceful reunification .
china expert : us preaches military threat theory in china
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a national defense budget for the year of the year of the defense review , which was officially submitted to congress by the pentagon to the congress a few days ago , saying for the first time that china is the most likely new big country that may challenge the united states .
experts believe that this is a challenge to china 's normal national defense construction , and playing up the illusion of the chinese military threat is interference in china 's internal affairs .
the " four - year defense review report " is a new national defense guiding document of the pentagon .
the 92 - page report uses three paragraphs to expound china 's military strength and the way the united states should take , and the report directly mentions 15 times the two major topics of china or mechanics in china , and says that it is a major and emerging great power that possesses the most potential for military competition with the united states , and if the united states does not adopt anti - control measures , it is very likely that china will develop weapons without conventional countermeasure , thus
professor xu bodong , research fellow of the world military studies department of the chinese academy of military sciences , said that although senior us officials have expressed similar viewpoints on many occasions before , this is the first time that the united states has proposed in the strategic defense report that china is the most likely emerging power that may pose a military challenge to the united states .
this report clearly defines russia 's drift toward china for the first time , especially its so - called " toppling military threat " to the so - called china as a new strategic rival .
peng guangqian , research fellow of the chinese academy of military sciences , said :
what is worth noting is that in the " four - year defense review report , " us president bush also submitted a draft plan to congress on the same day , which includes a defense budget of 43.93 - billion us dollars .
if it is added to the plan to carry out military operations in iraq and afghanistan , the us defense budget for 2007 will exceed 500 billion us dollars . this will be a new record in history . peng guangqian said that this move is almost all the other countries ' military spending . this is almost the same as all the military spending of the other countries in the world .
peng guangqian said : the conspiracy of the theory of the mechanics of other countries , which originated in the united states , reflects the consistent style of the pentagon which has created the enemy 's propellant , with the real purpose of gaining more defense spending and gaining more profits for the huge arms industrial group of the united states .
experts say that compared with the huge military spending of the united states , china 's defense spending is quite limited .
he has participated in the compilation of china 's national defense white papers many times , and said that since the 1990 's , with the development of the economy , china 's national defense spending has increased , but the proportion of the national financial expenditure has on the whole declined .
official data show that the number of chinese national defense expenditures in 2004 and 1979 accounted for a decrease of nearly 10 percentage points over the same period .
in 2005 , china 's national defense expenditure was 244.656 billion yuan , only about one - fourth of the united states ' total national military expenditure , which is equivalent to the united states ' per capita military expenditure , and the per capita military spending of the military is about one - thirty of the us military .
the size of the us territory is roughly equal to china 's territory , but the gap between military spending and military spending is so huge . who exactly exceeds the proper defense needs ? this is self - evident .
peng guangqian said :
the china arms control and disarmament association research department director teng jianqun said that the us side should objectively assess china 's military construction situation , and china 's peaceful development does not mean that china and the united states will become rivals militarily .
the " 2004 china 's national defense " white paper says that china firmly follows the path of peaceful development and practices a defensive national defense policy .
china did not have a single word in the past or at present , and will not pose a threat to any country .
so far , china has not established military bases in any other country , nor has it sent a single soldier to other countries , while the united states has over 100 military bases overseas , and it has deployed more than 100,000 troops in the asian region alone .
professor zhu feng of the international relations college of beijing university said that china and the united states should increase communication and exchanges through the established channels , enhance understanding and mutual trust , and comprehensively promote the constructive and cooperative relations between china and the united states in the new century to jointly promote the maintenance of world peace and development .
( winter olympics ) turin winter olympics opening ceremony to be held
duin , february 9 ( xinhua ) the fifth session of the 20 th winter olympic games will be held in dushin at 8 : 00 p.m . local time on the 10th , the mysterious veil of the games .
on 9 july , the organizing committee of the turin winter olympic games disclosed to reporters in advance the brilliant arrangements of the opening ceremony .
the chairman of the organizing committee , castro , was full of confidence at the opening ceremony . he said at the press conference that the opening ceremony coincided with 10 - million euros , pooling top italian personnel from all walks of life .
he said : the night of 10 july will be an unforgettable night . at that time , 350,000 viewers and 2 - billion television viewers in the meeting will see success in intense emotions and hormones in the world .
the intense flames were warm and red - hearted in the hearts of the five pigeons , and white snow and milk bows of alps will appear at the opening ceremony , the director explained , the vitality of the romantic intelligence and the talent of italy 's milk style will become the main theme of the opening ceremony , and the summit will be the largest winter olympics in history , the largest ever in scale in history , the winter olympics . it will show to people
famous italian designer amani specially designed a clothing design for the opening ceremony , and the famous italian fashion brand mosilicon will provide a courtesy for the athletes ' admission ceremony .
however , the famous italian men 's soprano pavarotti will sing a song at the opening ceremony , and the organizing committee will leave this suspense to the end .
eight people who were able to steal the flame on the head will blow up the flame with a flame of three meters and long , indicating the enthusiasm of the burning flame . they will shuttle through the field at a speed of 70 km .
the official of the organizing committee said that this was the most satisfactory creation of the opening ceremony .
regarding the question of how to ignite the torch , the organizing committee did not reveal ahead of schedule , but the main torch platform , which is as high as 57 meters , will light up the residents on the alps and the nearby alps mountain .
white house announces bush 's planned visit to pakistan and india in march
washington , february 9 ( xinhua ) the united states white house spokesman mcclellan said here today that the united states has been trying to avoid the " human rights situation " despite the slandering of muslim prejudice against muslim mohammed , but president bush will continue to visit pakistan and india in march as planned .
mcclellan said that bush is looking forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he also said that he is making arrangements for this visit .
mcclellan made the above remarks when holding various demonstrations in some areas of pakistan to protest against the desecration of muslim preference of king mohammed .
in january this year , bush met with pakistani prime minister aziz at the white house , during which the two sides expressed the need to strengthen friendly cooperation and jointly crack down on terrorism that jeopardizes the security of the two countries .
bush also said that at the invitation of the pakistani and indian governments , he will pay a visit to pakistan and india in march .
hamas assails cabinet for breakthrough
xinhua news agency , ramallah , february 9 ( international observation ) hamas seeks breakthrough in forming a cabinet
xinhua news agency , wang haohuang ,
the palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) won the legislative elections , how to draw a blueprint for the new government has become the focus of international attention .
what new policy will hamas implement directly affect the interests of the relevant parties in the peace process in the next step .
at the same time , the resistance attitude of the united states and israel has added to the prospects of the hamas government .
at present , various palestinian parties are stepping up consultations to reach a consensus on the difficulties and sensitive points in forming a cabinet that will involve future development .
premier position spent on whichever family
hamas has been elected to the cabinet , and some people outside are worried that hamas might have a dispute with the current top leader , abbas .
in addition , hamas leaders who are currently visiting egypt stressed that the hamas - led new palestinian government will not recognize israel , and this tough signal has also intensified international anxiety .
the united states and israel have clearly stated that they do not accept a hamas government with real power and have threatened to suspend economic aid to palestine and to transfer tax to palestine .
however , this does not prevent hamas from making flexible strategic adjustments and selecting an independent is a detrimental policy .
it is reported that in order to obtain the maximum international recognition , hamas leaders at home and abroad , who have gathered in egypt , decided to select an independent personality jamel jamawan hodori , chairman of the board of directors of the gaza islamic university , to become the new prime minister .
this move has not yet been responded by the relevant parties .
palestinian analysts hossein said that no matter how many people took up the post of prime minister , the most crucial thing is that the prime minister should try to dilute hamas candidates in hard - line color , only in this way can it guarantee the success of the cabinet .
power , distribution of power
in the internal context , the biggest challenge facing the hamas cabinet is the lack of sufficient experience in governance .
the palestinian daily published an analysis saying that hamas 's use of social welfare projects has assembled people , but it lacks experience in governance and is closely linked with the palestinian national liberation movement ( fatah ) , which has the ruling experience .
after the election , hamas proposed establishing political partnerships with fatah , and jointly establishing a national coalition government . however , fatah has not given a positive response to this .
at present , whether fatah will be elected to the cabinet is different , and the faction advocating joining the new government and doing something to be accomplished , and the other faction rejects hamas ' invitation and is willing to actively engage in the opposition within the legislative council .
the informed source pointed out that after abbas 's advice , fatah gradually tended to join the new government .
even so , hamas and fatah will also hold talks on the distribution of cabinet posts .
another way is to form a legislative committee , which is divorced from the party 's sovereignty .
it is reported that hamas has also designed a clean - up government , but the specific list of the cabinet is unknown .
in view of the us and israel 's attitude , the technical expert - type government is also not in a way to form a cabinet to reduce external pressure .
according to the provisions of the palestinian basic law , the new legislative council will nominate the prime minister and form a cabinet three to five weeks after the inauguration of the new cabinet on 16 february .
armed forces go on track
the weapons in hamas are the other major thorny issue facing the establishment of a new government .
the attitude of the united states and israel is very tough , and they resolutely demand that hamas give up violence and reject it in political affairs .
hamas leader machar stressed on 9 july that armed resistance is the option of the organization 's strategy .
the armed issue actually includes the legitimacy of weapons and the control of the armed forces .
hamas , through democracy and freedom , was elected the first largest party in the legislature , and has been recognized by the international community , enabling its subordinate armed factions to legitimize the tamil tiger to the government security organization .
hamas once proposed to unite various factions and factions into the palestinian national authority , but it did not receive a broad response and was also attacked by the palestinian islamic jihad ( jehadur ) .
palestine currently has 60,000 security personnel , and the great majority of them are from the fatah camp .
moreover , fatah also has some loose organizational relations with some armed factions , such as the chae martyrs brigade , such as the eagle of the fatah martyrs , etc.
hamas , in charge of forming a cabinet , must hold talks with abbas on how to manage the armed forces that are all their own government , and rationally distribute security management powers .
according to local media reports , abbas intends to be in charge of security and intelligence units , police , civil defence , and other organizations , and the interior ministry of the new government is under control .
however , all sides are still holding consultations on this sensitive issue , and so far there is no further report .
china issues first polar survey report
beijing , february 10 ( xinhua ) the chinese ministry of national oceanic administration ( soa ) announced here today that the 2005 annual report on china 's polar survey will be the first time in more than 20 years that china has issued such reports .
the " report " comprehensively reflects the scientific expedition activity of polar regions in china in 2005 , which has maintained the polar trend of scientific research and achieved results , etc.
according to the " report , " on 2:15 on 9 january 2005 ( beijing time ) , the inland icecap survey team of china 's antarctic expedition team successfully landed on the antarctic ice - covered area , the highest plateau region on the northeastern coast , and decided at 3:15 on 18 january ( beijing time ) the elevation of the interior point of the ice - thick dome at 4903 meters at the highest point of the
competition is becoming increasingly fierce international polar research stage , chinese people have strong determination to seize the opportunity and the spirit of fearlessness , and are bold in opening up new fields . they first launched the attack on the highest point of the antarctic ice and achieved a success at one stroke , thus attaining the dream of mankind in the antarctic ocean .
sun zhihui , director of the state oceanic administration , said :
the " report " shows that on 24 march 2005 , the 21 st antarctic expedition team of china returned to shanghai successfully to complete its mission . the inspection tour lasted 151 days and covered 2,6500 nautical miles .
on 18 november of the same year , china 's 22nd antarctic expedition team left shanghai for the antarctic zhongshan station to conduct scientific research activities and will leave the zhongshan station via australia for shanghai before the end of february 2006 .
since it was the first ultra - geographic survey report published by china , the " 2005 annual china polar survey report " also set forth specific requirements for china 's polar exploration undertaking that started in the 1980 's .
according to the " report , " china formally joined the " antarctic treaty " in 1983 , becoming a member of the organization of the antarctic treaty , and successively became the antarctic scientific research council , the antarctic science research committee , and other most influential international organizations for antarctic affairs .
in 1997 , china became a member of the arctic science committee and won a right to speak and make decisions on international polar affairs .
the " report " points out that over the past 20 years , china 's polar exploration has started without matching , and has started to develop , and has started to develop , forming three stations , one port , and one southern pole scientific survey system , namely , the antarctic long station established in february 1985 , the antarctic mountain station established in february 1989 , and the yellow river and the southern section of the huang he river , which began to take up the mission of examining and
according to the " report , " by the end of 2005 , china had organized 22 expedition expedition operations in the antarctic on two occasions , with the liaoliang spacecraft as the orbital platform for the arctic scientific observation station on two batches of the arctic huanghe station , and so far more than 3,000 man - times have visited the arctic , personally attending the examination meeting at the nan chi station , to conduct on - site inspection .
at present , we are making preparations for the establishment of the third antarctic expedition station and china 's first inland exploration station in the antarctic .
sun zhihui said :
after more than 20 years of efforts , china 's polar exploration project has been continuously carried out in the world . however , compared with other polar exploration countries , china still has quite a big gap . we must try to catch up with each other , and must catch up with each other .
he said .
sun zhihui disclosed that china will publish annual polar survey reports .
china , cuba to further cooperation in trade , education , science
havana , february 10 ( xinhua ) cuban minister of state fidel castro met with visiting chinese state councilor chen zhili on the 10th , and both sides expressed their desire to strengthen cooperation in education , science and technology and other fields .
president castro warmly welcomed state councilor chen zhili on his visit to cuba .
he said that cuban - chinese relations are very friendly , and that exchanges of high - level visits have been frequent , which have effectively promoted and strengthened the friendship and mutual understanding between the two sides . he hoped that the two countries will continue to deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in all fields , including education and science and technology .
chen zhili said : cuba is an important country with important influence in latin america and the caribbean region .
the friendship between the chinese and cuban people goes back to ancient times .
cuba was the first state - to - state - to - state relations with new china .
after entering the new century , with the concern and promotion of the leaders of the two countries , mutual political trust between the two countries has deepened day by day , the scope of cooperation has constantly expanded , mutual support and cooperation in international affairs have been mutual support and cooperation in the development of sino - cuban friendly relations in a new period of all - round development .
she believed that with the joint efforts of both sides , the friendly cooperation between china and cuba will certainly yield more fruitful results .
chen zhili also pointed out that the chinese government has always attached importance to exchanges and cooperation with cuba in the education field .
in recent years , the educational exchanges between the two countries have become closer with each passing day and there have been frequent personnel exchanges .
china actively supports the cuban side in holding international meetings and has sent delegations to attend the world higher education conference and the 2005 illiteracy elimination rally .
cuba 's basic education is very high , and it is hoped that relevant experience will be further strengthened in the future .
chen zhili said : the sino - cuban cooperation in the fields of scientific and technological research and development can be realized through cooperation in various fields .
this time , the chinese side has helped some scientific research equipment in cuba , hoping to play a positive role in cuba 's scientific research and production .
she also briefed castro on china 's strategy of rejuvenating the country through science and education and the national science and technology conference .
chen zhili arrived in cuba on 2 february for a visit at the invitation of the cuban government to begin his visit to cuba .
during this period , chen zhili met with cuban minister of the high education , vincent siono , and inspected the huarthat university of information technology and the hugo science university 's tumultuous school and the st marti middle school .
traffic accident kills six , injures one in north china
harbin , february 11 ( xinhua ) the chinese government and people have been making joint efforts to build a bridge to the east china sea at about 2300 hours on february 10 , causing a gas leak and a segment of some sections of roads , according to the ministry of foreign affairs .
according to the traffic police of the traffic police brigade of shuangcheng city public security bureau , three vehicles collided with each other in a place 58 kilometers from beijing - kazakhstan highway at about 0200 hours on 10 july . a truck , a truck , a truck , a fuel tank vehicle , bumped together , and a cracks were found in an oil tank body , and the waste oil flowed inside was flowed onto the road .
it is understood that the tanker was loaded with waste oil produced after the coke .
the corrosive waste is very thick and thick and fears that flame - borne vehicles may cause a risk , the department concerned has closed the road at the scene .
harbin 's shuangcheng - bound highways were closed , and many vehicles bypassed .
at present , relevant departments are screening the scene , and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
hk , hk to host hk flag to be held in italy , says official
hong kong , february 11 ( xinhua ) the hutchison whampoa company limited announced on the 11th that the three - plus telecom business under the flag was postponed on the 11th , and the three - plus list of the three - plus telecom business under the flag was postponed .
and mr henry fok , general manager of huanggang group , said that although the market approval of all relevant supervisory and regulatory bodies , as the stock prospecting procedures must be completed within a few weeks , the time is really too thick .
at the same time , the current situation of european telecommunications stocks is weak , and the market may not necessarily give italy a + 3 + 1 + 1 market value that is suitable for listing at this moment .
in view of the greatest interest of shareholders , the company decided to postpone the listing of the stock market .
as to when the stock market will be listed again , mr footman said that it would depend on the future european telecommunications market .
he believes that from now on to the time of stock prospectuses , investors in italy need to launch a wide range of educational activities to enable the global telecommunications investment market to have a clearer understanding of italy 's current strong performance and favorable prospects .
according to media reports , italy has harmonized the investment banks of high growth , agreeing to invest 420 million euros in private distribution , holding 108 % dominance in italy , holding a 105 % stake in the transaction is expected to be completed by the end of march this year .
china , myanmar to further economic ties : top chinese official
xinhua news agency , yangon , february 12 ( reporter zhang yunfei ) chinese ambassador to myanmar , guan hai , and economic and commercial counselor , tang hai , granted an exclusive interview to xinhua on the eve of myanmar prime minister soe win 's visit to china on the 14th . he said that the economic and trade relations between china and burma are now showing a good trend of mutually beneficial development in the form of mutually beneficial cooperation .
ambassador guan mu said : in recent years , friendly and cooperative relations between china and burma , established on the basis of the five principles of peaceful coexistence , have been consolidated and developed , and exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been expanding and deepening , and economic and trade relations between the two countries have been constantly expanding and strengthening .
counselor tang haitian said that the two countries have maintained high - level mutual visits , which have effectively promoted the development of economic and trade cooperation between the two countries .
in 2004 , during the mutual visits by the two countries ' high - level officials , the two sides signed 33 documents on economic and trade cooperation , most of which are being implemented and implemented .
he said : 2004 was $ 1.14 - billion , and in 2005 the figure reached $ 1.209 - billion , of which china 's exports were $ 935 - billion and imports were $ 274 - billion .
last year , in bilateral trade , the trade between china 's yunnan and burma ( including border trade ) reached $ 630 million , an increase of 14.66 percent over the previous year .
tang hai said : myanmar has become a major base for chinese enterprises to undertake project contracting . china 's major projects in burma include the hydropower plant and plant ( such as sugar factory textile mills , the cement plant , and the paper mill ) .
chinese enterprises launch engineering business in burma , which has brought along the export of various kinds of chinese mechanical and electrical products , and myanmar has become one of the major markets for china 's complete sets of equipment and mechanical and electrical products .
according to statistics released by the chinese customs , in the past five to six years , the export of mechanical and electrical products has accounted for about 455 percent of china 's total export volume to myanmar .
counselor tang also said that burma is rich in resources , and china has already started investing in the development of natural resources such as oil and natural gas dried brick ore , etc. , and there is great potential for the development of sino - burmese economic and trade cooperation .
he hoped that chinese enterprises would have a long - term view , learn to avoid risks , and make careful policy decisions , and establish a good image of enterprises , so that the quality and quantity of the projects will be guaranteed and completed on schedule , so as to win glory for the country .
ambassador guan mu and counselor tang hai both held that prime minister soe win 's upcoming official visit to china is an important event in bilateral relations this year , and is of great significance to enhancing political mutual trust , promoting bilateral cooperation , and promoting the further development of sino - burmese good - neighborly and friendly relations .
during the visit , the two sides are expected to sign several documents on economic and trade cooperation .
world bank to reduce debt to poorest countries
moscow , february 11 ( xinhua ) the world bank president wolfowitz said in moscow on the 11th that the world bank would completely remove the debts of the poorest countries by the middle of this year .
wolfowitz said in moscow that he had a very good talk with the finance ministers of the various countries who came to attend the g - 8 finance ministers ' meeting .
in a statement issued after the meeting , he said that the world bank will implement the debt relief and reduction program before 1 july this year , and that the world bank is now completing all technical work for this purpose .
last year , the world bank donated 28 countries completely exempted their debts and said they would provide them with financial assistance .
the imf 's creditor 's rights were relatively small , and the imf began to reduce or waive debts by the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz 's decision to exempt russia from the debts of 16 african countries was welcomed .
the high - definition digital television has gradually become the mainstream in the united states
new york , february 12 ( xinhua ) the world 's largest industrial production in the world , with high resolution digital television sets ( high resolution digital tv sets ) falling and the market expanding , us television transmission agencies are stepping up their efforts to introduce corresponding high - definition television programs .
the united states , which has just ended , has already become the superficial america 's olive branch among american broadcast makers in the high - tech era .
according to a recent report by the financial times , the us congress recently passed a bill , stipulating that american broadcasting industry must stop broadcasting the existing analogy television signals on 17 february 2009 and that digital signals can only be broadcast .
this means that the comprehensive digitalization of the us television program has already had a clear timetable .
the high resolution digital television popularization relies on consumers to buy television sets on the one hand , while on the other hand it relies on the production organs to provide high - definition digital programs .
although digital television has been repeatedly mentioned in the past few years , it has never become a reality .
this problem has turned for the better this year .
according to a forecast by the american consumer electronics association , the sales of digital television sets in the united states this year will exceed the conventional ones for the first time , and the number of digital television sets is 85.0 percent of which are high - resolution products .
japanese researchers develop new highly - efficient human kidney
tokyo , february 13 ( xinhua ) the japanese university of east china sea research personnel developed a biological - man kidney - making method which is similar to human kidney - making function , and also has the function of keeping substitute substances , which is small in size and easy to transplant . with the study , it is expected to bring a good news to patients with kidney disease .
according to the latest report by nihon keizai shimbun , the newly developed biological manmade kidney consists of two parts , with some being filtered in blood for xie wastes and water dipped in water . a portion of the population formed a kidney - shaped structure from the original urine water diagnoses and the kidney acid , etc. , is used to return to the blood tubes and the blood tubes again .
the court has built a human body in a small area , which is composed of the inside story line , the water inside the water , and the inside control of the inside of the water . the inside side of the water pipe has also been filled with the dividing nets with the functions of xie wastes .
this type of skin cells can make many blood transfusion diseases cause by multiple blood , and analyze the interrelated source arid causes of the transformative theory of material transformations into hydrogen kida and return to the blood , and at the same time can enable the glucose from the glucose that is essential for the body to enter the blood again .
the previous manual kidney relied on the differential of seepage pressure to filter xie waste , and it cannot be completely removed and is not equipped with the conditions for the reentry of the hydrocarbic acid and other elements into the blood .
researchers use the sheep to conduct biofilters for kidney transplantation experiments and the use of pigs in the chinese - haired silk line for manmade kidney .
two weeks later , researchers confirmed that manual kidney has been able to play its functions .
at present , they are developing and using biofilitary kidneys with human kidney cells and will start clinical research after testing their safety .
china 's power safety still faces stern challenges
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the state power regulatory commission ( sccc ) said on the 13th that although the overall situation of power safety production in 2005 remains stable , the safety of electricity production is still facing severe challenges .
zhang junjiu , vice - chairman of the national electricity safety supervision commission , made the remark at the fifth ( enlarged ) meeting of the national electricity safety production committee ( nccc ) , which opened here today . he said that china 's power safety production in 2005 was stable on the whole , and the work of coping with the snowstorm was accomplished , the work of ensuring the safety and stability of the power system , the safety and safety of the power production safety and the safety
however , he pointed out that with the changes in the situation of power supply and demand and the successive commissioning of a large number of newly built generating units , the safety of power production will face new challenges .
these challenges include : regional seasonal vacation conditions , and power shortage will still exist , and the situation of power supply and demand in some regions will remain tight , and because the mechanism for coal prices has not yet taken shape , there are still quite a big problem in power supply , and at the same time the problem of the decline in coal quality has not been effectively controlled , which will have a serious impact on the stable operation of power generating units , and the weak power grid structure , out
shi yubo said : with the deepening of the reform of the power system , many deep - seated contradictions will continue to be exposed . how to maintain the stability of the ranks of workers and ensure the normal order of production will become a new problem facing us .
in view of the 2006 work of safe production of electric power , shi yubo said : we should further consolidate the basic work of safe production in the power industry , speed up the establishment and improvement of a mechanism for emergency management in the power industry safety , enhance the ability to deal with emergencies , strengthen coordination and cooperation in the power network , jointly safeguard the safety of the power system , continue to do a good job in supervising and managing the safety of the dam 's construction , ensure safety of
it is reported that in connection with the new situation in the safety management of electric power , the power regulatory commission will conduct an amendment and improvement of the " interim regulations on the investigation of power production accidents " promulgated this year . at the same time , relevant supporting documents on the safety of the hydropower stations ' dam and the second system of electric power generation safety will be issued and implemented successively this year .
in 2005 , the total electricity consumption of the whole society in china reached 246.89 billion kw - hours , an increase of 13.45 percent over the same period last year .
in the face of the situation of power supply and demand still being tight , the contradictions of coal , electricity , oil , and transportation are conspicuous , all power enterprises have conscientiously adopted effective measures to strengthen the management of equipment . last year , no major equipment accident occurred in the power industry throughout the country .
the number of accidents involving power grid was 74 , a decrease of 127 compared to the same period last year , and the number of accidents involving equipment was 427 , a decrease of 132 compared with the same period last year .
south african envoy to china says south africa does not have any organization in the area of crime , which is targeted at chinese citizens
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a working group to provide medical and health care for the south african people , said minister of foreign affairs and trade of gam conang , who is a representative of the south african embassy in china , in an exclusive interview with xinhua news agency .
he also said that the south african government will spare no effort to crack down on all forms of criminal activities .
fu konin said the south african government hopes to reduce the ratio of crime to zero and hope that each foreign person working in south africa will be given the local law and the citizens ' full protection .
since 2006 , four senior chinese citizens have been killed in south africa , and the chinese world has expressed a wide range of concern for this .
the chinese foreign ministry has made representations to the south african side in this regard and reminded chinese citizens in south africa to further enhance their awareness of security and precautions . the overseas chinese have strengthened unity and friendship and cooperated with the police in cracking down on criminal activities .
we set a minimum of five times for the victims ' families .
fu kangning said : we are very sorry over this , and we also ask the chinese people to believe that the south african government is conscientiously investigating every case involving china .
according to the chinese embassy in south africa , south african police have successfully cracked a case of chen jianqing , a chinese fujian woman , who was killed in south africa on 5 february . a suspect has been arrested .
police are now hunting for another suspect .
according to the south african embassy in china , the hong kong police have arrested a criminal suspected of shooting hong kong businesspeople in january this year and the victim 's property has been recovered .
when talking about the possible consequences of the killing of chinese citizens , fu kangning believes that these incidents will indeed produce a negative impact on trade and tourism between the two countries and on other areas , but in the long run , the impact should not be changed from a large angle in the long run .
the south african embassy tourism commissioner , neli , said that the embassy had provided more than 2,000 chinese tourists in the first 15 days of this year alone .
according to official statistics , south africa will continue to maintain its status as the largest trade partner in africa in 2005 .
the bilateral trade volume reached $ 7.27 - billion , an increase of 23.0 percent over the same period last year .
however , people in the tourism industry believe that the successive killing of chinese citizens in 2004 has a significant impact on the number of chinese tourists to south africa .
according to statistics from the south african tourism board , chinese tourists to south africa in the first half of 2005 were 20331 , a decrease of 14.9 percent compared with the same period last year .
at present , there are 200,000 chinese living in south africa , and the urban and rural areas in south africa .
analysts here believe that the gap between the rich and the poor in south africa , the high unemployment rate , the unchecked flow of guns , and the absence of a deterrent to death penalty have resulted in the high crime rate .
because many chinese do not understand english , they have cash with their bodies and families , and they are more prone to become targets of criminal elements who seek financial attacks .
hk to promote continuous learning of english in the public
hong kong , february 13 ( xinhua ) the survey on english in the field , which started by the hong kong special administrative region government , aims to raise the english standard of more working people .
this study , which focuses on learning english and has a rich life as a theme , includes a series of promotional activities to promote learning and training in english and to enable employers to better understand how to improve their english proficiency .
so far , the scheme has provided nearly 25,000 people with training in workplace english , enabling them to meet the relevant workplace english benchmarks .
hong kong 's soccer english campaign is the latest of the sar government 's efforts in 2000 .
the campaign is an important project in the field of english language training .
the scheme aims to help those who need to use english in their work , through participating in training and taking part in designated international english examinations , achieve the required standard of english in their respective work categories .
hebei 's aids test shows free of charge
shijiazhuang , february 14 ( xinhua ) the public health department of hebei province recently issued the " regulations on voluntary consultation and testing of aids in hebei province " ( trial implementation ) , which clearly specifies that compulsory tests on aids are carried out on a voluntary basis , and clearly defines the principle of voluntary detection of aids on a voluntary basis . it hopes that the number of people and patients who are infected with hiv and aids will be discovered to the maximum , and further implement preventive
the " program " has specified the procedures and requirements for the voluntary consultation and testing of aids in hebei province : free - of - charge tests and consultation on aids resistance , voluntary and consultation on aids resistance testing and consultation , voluntary and consent to the information , and no assessment of the relevant behavior of aids antibody testing and consultation , and protection of the legitimate rights and interests of hiv carriers and aids patients , so as to provide them with relevant follow - up services .
the " program " demands that the aids consultation and testing center be set up at the location convenient for the counselors , and in order to protect the selfish interests of the consultants , there should be a single room , which can provide one - on - one consultation .
the choices of advisers should be taken into full consideration in personal quality , knowledge , and ability to exchange .
to protect the privacy of the consultants , the inspection and test leaflets can be used as code or serial numbers for registration .
the " program " also demands that the health administration departments at and above the county level publicize in the main local media the names of medical and health institutions that are undertaking free aids test and test services and their telephone numbers for consultation so as to make the masses understand relevant information .
the ministry of public security still focused on the work of extorting confessions by torture
beijing , february 14 ( xinhua ) the police inspector of the ministry of public security zheng baigang , deputy director of the bureau of police supervision , pointed out at a press conference held by the ministry of public security on the 14th that the alleged use of inappropriate methods to allow criminal suspects to admit crimes in china is absolutely not allowed .
the focus of the work of the inspectors department is to prevent the occurrence of these problems .
he also pointed out that some international organizations have a strong understanding of the law enforcement situation of the chinese police and do not completely control them .
the latest information provided by the ministry of public security on 14 june shows that the ministry of public security issued the " regulations for keeping records for public security organs in implementing measures for keeping keeping in documents " in 2004 , which better guaranteed that the application of interrogation measures by grassroots public security organs in accordance with the law for keeping interrogations .
since 1997 , the three gorges project management project has been promoted in depth ( that is , the control of the uphill battle loopholes ( i.e. , the control of overloading of guns and police instruments ) and the control of compulsory measures ) . the national public security organs have insisted on the traffic police force , parachute force , and police corps along the highway , along with the police police corps and public security police stations , and public security police stations , and other grass - roots - roots
to prevent law enforcement from the source , the police inspectorate has further extended the antennae of law enforcement inspectors and stepped up interrogation of applicable rumors and inquiries about measures applicable to rumors , and statistics on placing police on 110 cases on placing cases involving property , handling of penalty personnel involved in cases of crimes , and looting information on airbus and other links of law enforcement .
hk , macao , taiwan to hold talks in taipei
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) taipei has been honorary chairman of the taiwan strait exchange foundation ( sef ) , sun yun - hsuan , who was once honorary chairman of the taiwan strait exchange foundation ( sef ) , died of illness in taipei early morning on the 15th due to acute heart infections and acute heart failure .
sun yun - hsuan was born on 11 november 1913 , a native of penglai , shandong , and graduated from the electrical engineering department of harbin industrial university .
it was the first time for kmt members of the 10 th to 13 th central committee and the 11 th term of the 12 th central standing committee , the 14 th central advisory committee presidium , and the 15 th central advisory committee appraisal committee member .
he was once a transportation minister of taiwan , a mechanic mechanization of the economy , and other officials .
the water pollution ecology and environmental impact assessment project of songhua river in heilongjiang
harbin , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to launch a new " ice - melting " water - melting monitoring and pollution control work in the songhua river , which will be completed in the dry period and the ice - melting period . heilongjiang province will actively promote the implementation of the evaluation and countermeasures for the ecological environment of songhua river water pollution .
this reporter learned from heilongjiang 's heilongjiang provincial environmental protection bureau that the liaohuagang river major pollution incident , organized by the state environmental protection administration , with the head of the state 's environmental impact assessment and countermeasures against the songhua river incident , divided into 15 special topics , and the evaluation of emergency environment and response environmental incidents , evaluation of the incident , and evaluation of the ecological environmental impact assessment and counterattack capabilities , and comprehensive human health control project evaluation stage , which will be completed in
currently , there are 10 scientific research institutions in heilongjiang province , totaling more than 60 people , taking up the technical research work on 14 subjects .
according to presentations , environmental protection departments and relevant scientific research institutions will carry out research on five topics , namely , emergency environmental assessment and countermeasures for emergencies , in an effort to solve environmental problems that the masses are most concerned about .
these include the main control of the concentration of pollutants in the device and the forecast of total discharge volume of pollutants in the prediction of the pollutant discharge in the survey on the safety of water in the songhua river , along the two sides of the banks of the banks of the banks , and the impact on the safety and security of underground water supply and environmental impact assessment of the evaluation of the development of the development of the development of the water safety net
heilongjiang province 's environmental protection department will also intensify environmental monitoring along the songhua river , and severely investigate and deal with environmental pollution incidents that have caused serious pollution by illegal discharge and illegal construction .
heilongjiang will send environmental law enforcement personnel to supervise and guide the implementation of comprehensive improvement of the environment in small river basins and improve the water quality of the arsh and other supporting rivers .
beijing university opens mourning hall to express condolences on wang xuan
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to implement the " beijing five " joint development program , which is to be implemented in the next few days , after several days of intense arrangements , the mourning hall of academician wang xuan , which is located at the centennial hall of beijing university , was officially opened at 0900 on the morning of the 15th .
at about 08:00 in the morning , the dinning hall was not open , and dozens of people lined up in front of the gate .
at the grand commemoration hall of the great hall of the beijing university , the reporters saw that the wall of the hall was hanging black horizontal scrolls : the trepid plot thick in mourning academician wang xuan on the wall .
the lower section of the banner was a huge picture of wang xuan , a dozen square meters . he was wearing a glasses , a smile on his face , and his temperament was scholarly and elegant .
on both sides of the statue of the deceased were several dragon berths , and dozens of wreaths were placed on both sides .
one of the wreaths wrote : the trees planted in the twinkling of tang glory china , and the lead - shaped blueprint should be drawn by the contemporary world .
the mourning hall was rejoicing and the atmosphere was solemn .
among those who paid their respects were leaders of beijing university and teachers and students , and friends of academicians wang xuan , among whom wang xuan and students were among students , and many people who had never seen him were also specially interested in coming .
some of them hold fresh flowers in their hands , some carry flower baskets , and each of them hold small white flowers in their chest , slowly walking to the front of the statue of academician wang , bowing to their self - esteem .
many people could not help but shed tears .
he was once director of the state cultural relics bureau . he was an old alumni of beijing university . he told this reporter that he was still working in henan province more than 10 years ago . he asked professor wang xuan to give a report on scientific and technological innovation to the provincial party committee cadres .
academician wang xue has mechanically been the one we study . he is the model for us to learn . he has made great contributions to the country and society , and the people will not forget him .
professor jin ruilin of the beijing university law school and wang xuan , an old friend of wang xuan , who has been an old friend for more than 40 years .
a few days ago , he was just discharged , and today he insisted on going against old friends .
in his speech , mr. jin left a message that could not restrain his own sad , and had time and again shed his tears with paper .
he told the reporter that professor wang xuan 's life was very frugal and he had already been a professor when he stayed at the tong fu park , and he had already made very high achievements but still lived in a very small flat house for many years .
later he moved to the chengzai garden , where he lived for 780 square meters for more than 10 years .
beijing university gave him a lucky house of academicians in the blue camp , and a house of more than 140 square meters . fangzheng building provided high - level housing , he also did not want to .
mr. jin recalled with deep feeling that wang xuan had been providing a very high treatment when he went abroad for a visit , but he resolutely rejected all this .
at the beginning , he insisted on not applying for academicians , but he was only sent to fill out the charts after mr. zhou peiyuan had been mobilized many times .
mr. jin 's feelings were deeply felt by wang xuan 's attitude toward cultivating young people , and he emphasized on many occasions that i still have something to do , not to look at me myself , but to cultivate young people .
mr. jin said , when he was 50 , wang xuan started to pay attention to cultivating young people . he has always emphasized that we should pave the way , be willing to serve as a ladder , and give young people a way .
this is a very successful scientist . it is very difficult to control the appearance of the horse .
this reporter has learned from the beijing university press center that from 9 : 00 a. m . on 15 february to 12 : 00 noon on 19 february , the hearings of academician wang xuan were open to the public from 09:00 to 1600 every day , for people of all walks of life to express their condolences .
the " shanghai spirit " , acclaimed as the driving force of the mechanics of the chinese academy of sciences , the academician of the third world academy of engineering , who was born in the mechanics of the chinese academy of sciences , has passed away at 11:33 on 13 february at beijing huanhe hospital after medical treatment was invalid due to illness . it died of illness at the same time in beijing at 11:33 on 13 february at the same time as a hospital
china 's npc holds talks with chilean parliament
wu bangguo attended the signing ceremony and signed the agreement .
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) , wu bangguo , chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) , attended the signing ceremony of the agreement on the establishment of political dialogue between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament at the great hall of the people on the afternoon of the 15th , and signed the agreement in the text .
the chinese npc and the chilean parliament have officially established a mechanism for exchanges .
it is reported that chilean senate president romero and house speaker arsenissek recently held a grand ceremony in the chilean capital of santiago .
according to the agreement , the two sides will , in accordance with the principles laid down in the sino - chilean joint communique on the establishment of diplomatic relations , establish a political dialogue relationship between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament , and form a dialogue committee , which will take turns to hold an unscheduled meeting between the two countries to jointly promote the comprehensive development of bilateral relations .
chilean ambassador to china kalela attended the signing ceremony .
china to issue regulations on protection of the right to transmit information networks
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has set up a special website for the media to report on the latest developments in the country , according to a press release from the ministry of foreign affairs . the report said that the state copyright bureau has not paid any fees for this , and that the copyright bureau has been closed down on the internet . at a press conference held on the 15th by the information office of the state council , the state council will issue a resolution to the protection of information network
wang ziqiang said : according to the existing laws and regulations , the work already published in newspapers and periodicals , as long as the author does not produce the slip statement , newspapers and periodicals can use the work without the consent of the author , pay remuneration , and the state copyright bureau has specially formulated the standards for reprinted newspapers and periodicals in accordance with the law .
however , according to the existing law , the newspaper and periodical publishing houses enjoy such a statutory right to permit , and at present the internet does not enjoy such a right to permit such a legal license .
according to the relevant judicial explanations given by the supreme people 's court , the use of the system of reprinting statutory permission from newspapers and periodicals can apply to the internet , that is , short articles published on the internet , and the author cannot make a statement that is permitted through the use of the word , and the internet can not be used without permission , and at the same time pay for the payment of the payment .
however , as the judicial interpretations do not have any rules on remuneration standards , in fact , when using these works on the internet , they do not pay for the payment .
the concept of " three represents " has been published on the internet . it is still necessary to analyze whether such short - term work is not applicable .
" wang ziqiang said : whether or not it has been incorporated into the scope defined by law and the rights to disseminate information network will be confirmed after the regulations are promulgated this year .
russian military says georgian parliament resolution will not affect peace - keeping operations
moscow , february 15 ( xinhua ) russia has decided to set up a joint anti - terrorism military exercise in the southern part of the country , a press official from the russian ministry of national defense said on friday . the georgian parliament has decided not to affect the peace - keeping operations of russian troops in the near future .
the russian state duma ( lower house of parliament ) chairman konshin of the cis affairs committee issued a statement on the same day regarding the georgian parliament 's resolution on the russian peacekeeping force , pointing out that this resolution of the georgian side will undermine the stability of the situation in the region and produce a negative impact on russian - georgian relations .
he stressed that the resolution of the georgian parliament has further worsened the relations between russia and georgia .
he said : the georgian side 's accusation against the russian side is absurd .
the georgian parliament passed a resolution on the same day demanding that the russian peacekeeping force stop its peacekeeping activities in the south ossetia , but it did not specify the specific time limit for the withdrawal of russian peacekeeping forces .
georgia 's parliament blamed russian peacekeeping personnel for failing to fulfill their obligations and for regarding russia 's actions in the conflict region as trying to swallow georgia 's territory .
the georgian parliament has asked the government to take positive action to consider entering the international peacekeeping force in the south ossetia conflict area to replace the current russian peacekeeping operations in the region .
the parliament also instructed the government to revise the decision on the relevant agreement on the entry of russian peacekeeping personnel into the conflict - ridden area .
the south ossetia is an autonomous state in georgia , where the border with russia 's northern ossetia republic .
after the disintegration of the former soviet union , it declared its independence and was in a state of confrontation with the central government of georgia for a long time .
at present , russia has a 500 - strong peacekeeping battalion stationed in the region .
this unit is formed according to the rules of the mechanics in northern cyberport , russia in 1992 , and the four sides of the stairs in northern serbia .
fire kills four people in liaoyuan hospital , pleaded guilty
changchun , february 16 ( xinhua ) the jilin provincial liaoyuan city hospital has been hit by the fire , and the accident investigation group has confirmed that 11 people were responsible , including hospital electric squad leader zhang diankun and four others will be charged for the crime of suspected major responsibility .
on december 15 , 2005 , the hospital , the largest hospital in liaoyuan city , had a fire , which finally killed 39 people .
in this fire , the area of fire was over 5,000 square meters .
it is learned that this is the first national medical and health care reform since the founding of new china .
according to investigations , at about 1630 hours on the day of the incident , the hospital in downtown liaoyuan suddenly stopped electricity , and according to the hospital 's circuit design , if the electric sluice gates are stopped , the electric gates will automatically jump to the deputy gate , and the hospital will continue to be in normal power supply . however , the electric gates were not automatically decommissioned at that time . zhang diankun , head
the smoke emitted underground cables , more than 10 cables , and a dozen or so cables were wrapped together , and the cables like this should be placed together very neat and put together and the fire prevention layers should be set up .
therefore , 57 - year - old liu yujun , head of the electrical installation team of the liaoyuan textile company , has engaged in the installation of a liaoyuan electric machinery plant cadre ( senior engineer ) sun fenglin , retired staff of the liaoyuan city center hospital , and three of the staff member , jin chengtai , will be prosecuted for suspected involvement in the crime of major responsibility accidents .
china to open first tour of rural areas in guizhou
guiyang , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government and people have been concerned about the death of a man and his family , and the children of the elderly in tianlong village , tianlong town , tianlong town , pingba county , guizhou province , on the morning of the 16th .
at 1030 , the five - year - old prayer activity ended , 80 - year - old veteran zheng peishin , wearing green long - colored clothes , sang the first screening of the first - come - first - tour of the tour of guizhou in china 's rural areas .
tuen mun village , tin lung town , is a typical representative of the development of tourism in the rural areas of guizhou and a national model of tour .
as the year of the ming dynasty 's flood , the descendants of the tuen mun region have been operating for more than 600 years .
here , people wearing a broad - mindedness and a long - sleeved blue robes can see everywhere that the ancient han culture and the costumes are preserved in the villages of tuen mun .
it is understood that the reason why tianlong village relies on this cultural and traditional advantage to develop village cultural tourism from 2002 , and its ticket income in 2005 alone reaches 3.8 - million yuan , and the total village has 47-7 percent of peasant households who sell tourism products through catering and transportation , and peasants ' per capita income from participating in tourism has increased from more than 1,300 yuan in 2002 to 2640 yuan in 2005 .
the guizhou tourism bureau chief yang shengming said that following the completion of the first tour of tianlong tuen bao , the tourism industry in the rural areas has developed new tourism , focusing on the theme of new tourism experience in rural areas . various rural tourism activities will be carried out in various parts of guizhou this year , with 35 such activities .
so far , guizhou has over 130 villages and villages to carry out various kinds of rural tourism projects . by 2005 , over 600,000 peasant households across the province have extricated themselves from poverty through developing tourism .
in january , housing prices in 70 cities rose 5.5 percent in the nation , and housing prices in shanghai continued to decline .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has approved a total of 543.6 billion yuan ( about 34.6 billion us dollars ) worth of housing in 70 large and medium - sized cities in january , a decrease of 0.7 percentage points over the previous month .
shanghai 's housing prices continued to decline .
the state development and reform commission announced on 16 november that 70 large and medium - sized cities , most of which are housing sales prices , were slightly higher than the same period last year , and the number of boosters in shanghai housing sales continued to decline slightly . the price of shanghai housing sales dropped by 0.4 percent .
the same statistics show that in the first quarter of last year , the sales price of shanghai 's housing rose by 19.1 percent over the same period last year , and a change took place in the latter half of last year , which showed a slight decline in the same period last year .
in january this year , the prices of newly - built commercial housing in 70 large and medium - sized cities rose 6.9 percent over the same period last year , a decrease of 0.2 percentage points over the previous month .
the prices of new commercial housing rose by 2.1 percent in august , compared with the same period last year , while the growth rate of new commercial housing in dalian rose by 18.9 percent , followed by 14.7 percent , 10.7 percent , followed by the rapid growth of 10.07 percent in chengdu , 8.4 percent in beijing , and 3.1 percent in shanghai compared with the same period last year .
the cpc central organization department has called for further intensifying supervision over the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres and cadres .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the central organization department recently printed and distributed opinions on strengthening cadre supervision .
the opinions require that organization departments at all levels proceed from strict management and care for cadres , and carry out cadre supervision through the assessment process of cadre cultivation and education , assessment , selection and appointment of personnel , and strengthening each link in routine management , establish and perfect the supervisory work mechanism that has appeared in time , and earnestly strengthen supervision over leading cadres and the work of selecting and appointing cadres .
the opinions pointed out : the main tasks of the organization departments in supervising cadres are first to supervise leading bodies and leading cadres , with the stress on intensifying supervision over the principal responsible persons of leading bodies , and second , supervision over the work of selecting and appointing leading party and government cadres , with the stress on doing a good job of supervising and inspecting the implementation of the " regulations on the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing leading cadres of the party and government . "
while conducting supervision over leading bodies and leading cadres , the opinions point out that it is necessary to unswervingly grasp education in ideals and convictions and education in fighting corruption and promoting honest government , and make education run through the training , selection , management , and supervision of leading cadres ; we should guide and guide leading cadres to strengthen their cultivation in party spirit , and uphold the principle of building a party line of defense for the public and for the people in building a strong ideological and moral defense against corruption and degeneration
the provincial party committee and the provincial government should make suggestions on honesty and self - discipline when making speeches on newly promoted cadres .
we should supervise and urge leading bodies at all levels to uphold democratic centralism , establish and perfect rules and procedures for discussing issues , and conscientiously implement the system of combining collective leadership with individual responsibility for division of labor .
we should give prominence to supervision over the principal responsible persons of the leading bodies , and the responsible persons of the organization ( personnel ) departments should often talk heart to heart and heart with the principal responsible persons of the leading bodies at the lower level , and understand the situation in such aspects as their ideological style and work style .
we should establish and improve a system of day - to - day management and supervision of leading cadres , regularly understand and analyze the ideological and work style of the ranks of leading cadres , and put forward opinions and measures for resolving problems .
we should practice leading cadres ' system of admonishing talks and written inquiries , promptly warn or warn talks or inquire when problems are found .
we must resolutely correct and correct the conspicuous problems of leading cadres that the masses have reported , and we must give criticism and education or corresponding organizational punishment to those who have problems and who have them differentiate from them , thus constituting a transfer of law - and - discipline - enforcement organs to the law - enforcement organs , and we must take appropriate measures to clarify those who have indeed found no problems after investigations .
at the same time , we should combine strengthening supervision with encouraging cadres to boldly explore new ways and blaze new trails , and pay attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the opinions require that the organization ( personnel ) departments at all levels should effectively strengthen supervision over the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres of the party and government .
further improve the system of recommending nominations for cadres and the deliberation of the decision on the basis of recommendations , and other links , strictly implement the selection and employment policy , and create a good work style that relies on the work of the party and the people , and provides effective guarantees for the selection of cadres that are based on the work style of the principal and hard - earned trust among the masses .
we should strengthen supervision over the enforcement of the regulations on the appointment of cadres , severely investigate and deal with acts that violate the regulations on the appointment of cadres , and resolutely curb unhealthy trends and corrupt phenomena in the use of cadres .
the implementation of the system of putting people under serious supervision and investigation on a case - by - case basis and the intensified supervision and investigation of such cases .
we should establish and perfect a system of investigating and affixing responsibility for the work of selecting and appointing cadres , and scientifically define the responsibilities of the principal parties responsible for various links in the work of selecting and appointing cadres in accordance with the principle of sharing power and responsibility , clearly define the methods of investigating and affixing responsibility for each link in the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres , and step up the investigation .
give full play to the role of mass supervision , establish and improve a mechanism for convenient transportation safety , and create a mechanism for reporting crimes with high efficiency .
give play to the role of supervision by public opinion , and report to the media on the situation of the work of selecting and appointing cadres at the appropriate time , so as to receive supervision by public opinion .
the " opinions " points out : we should further improve the mechanism for coordinating and coordinating the work of supervising cadres .
the organization ( personnel ) departments should strengthen their cooperation with the discipline inspection organs , establish a system of responsibility with regard to the work of the relevant cadres in improving party style and building a clean and honest government , and strengthen the joint force of supervision .
and work with the discipline inspection organs to do a good job in the inspection work , improve the inspection methods , perfect the inspection system , and improve the quality of inspection work .
together with the auditing organs , the system of auditing leading cadres ' economic responsibility has been conscientiously implemented .
we should improve the internal supervision mechanism for the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres in organization departments .
hk , macao , taiwan hold talks on mainland investment in violation of regulations
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the taiwan authorities ' economic affairs department decided on the 15th to punish taiwan 's shuguang shuifeng electronics co , ltd ( short for short ) , a joint - stock electronics joint - stock company , ltd . , a joint venture , ltd . , is set up on the 15th to assist in creating a number of private companies in the mainland and in developing advanced technology companies .
taiwan 's " chung - kuo shih - pao " reported that this was the result of chen shui - bian 's active control of the economy and trade policy that has taken shape in an effective manner after the authorities imposed penalties on taiwan businessmen investing in the mainland .
it is reported that taiwan 's propulsion industry will hold a piloting slip in the economy because joint power grid is punished in violation of the regulations governing cross - strait relations and the procedures for allowing investment or technological cooperation in the mainland region .
in the future , the proponents will still look at the situation before the joint electric power company chairman cao xingcheng and others .
the construction of the hydrogen power project began in february 2005 . at that time , the investigation department of taiwan mobilized up to 100 people to conduct investigations into the residential and office of several high - level power joint electric power personnel . the joint electric power company , suspected of providing illegal funds and equipment inspection on the mainland for investment in the construction of warships and science and technology , claimed that it has provided illegal funds and manpower resources to examine the technology of ships on the mainland .
the then chairman of the unp , cao xingcheng , then publicly said that unicom had not violated any regulations of the taiwan authorities and that the united microelectronics provided assistance to heping technology for the sake of the long - term interests of the united microelectronics . if unicom does not enter the mainland market as soon as possible , it will lose business opportunities .
later , taiwan authorities seized the loopholes in the upper limit of the financial supervisory committee in violation of the regulations on commercial information disclosure .
on january 9 , 2006 , the unicom board of directors accepted the resignation of cao xingcheng . after a few hours , cao xingcheng was formally charged for suspected involvement in illegal investment in the mainland .
joint - electronics and taiwan lsi circuit company ( short ) said taiwan 's boxing plate and palm mechanics ) are the leading high - tech enterprises in the island .
the taiwan authorities have been paying close attention to the investigation and handling of united microelectronics over the past year .
hk , macao and taiwan hold second forum in macao , 20 mar ( zts ) -- the second competition in my mind , the lotus in my mind
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the second ministerial meeting of the zhankou bridge series in macao , which began on february 17 , announced in beijing that it will recruit chinese from all over the world from macao , which is a trivial piece of essay work , to the whole world , which focuses on the study of macao , which is in my heart .
this essay contest was jointly sponsored by the macao foundation and the baihua literature publishing house , and jointly sponsored by the chinese writers association , chen jiangong , vice chairman of the chinese writers association , and others , and was appointed as the chairman of the appraisal committee .
in 2004 , the fifth anniversary of macao 's return to the motherland , the first click races in macao that i am in my hearts were held , and literary enthusiasts at home and abroad actively responded to the event . the organizing committee received over 8,000 entries , and more than 10 award winners were invited to the macao sar .
wu zhiliang , executive member of the macao foundation , said at a news briefing on the 17th that last year , the historical development in macao was classified as a world cultural heritage list . this not only means that the long - term lifestyle and community management model of macao people have been affirmed by the people of the world , but also means that the traditional culture of the chinese nation has acquired the love and development of the tradition of friendly co - existence in the macao special administrative region ,
wu zhiliang said : it is precisely under such a good cultural atmosphere that the macao foundation and the hundred flowers literature and art publishing house decided to cooperate again and hold the second monument in macao , which i am aware of , the second one , in macao , and hope that the participants will demonstrate their patriotic sentiments through their works , display macao 's unique humanistic atmosphere , a unique humanistic atmosphere , and a peaceful and happy new image of macao sar , and further establish a clear - cut
according to presentations , the draft of the competition was closed on 1 september this year . the " pamphlet " will open a special column to select and publish the entries .
the results of the assessment will be announced in early 2007 in the macao sar .
shandong province successfully implemented a case of cardiovascular disease
jinan , february 17 ( xinhua ) the fengqin lake ( zhuoqiu ) institute of cardiovascular disease under the jinan military region recently successfully implemented a baby infant heart transplant operation .
on the 17th , the reporter saw in the intensive care room that the baby was full of face and full face of the baby who was born 51 days later . all monitoring and inspection targets were normal . after the critical period of the operation , the baby was playing with great interest in playing toys bought by medical staff .
the patient was admitted to hospital on monday , and the patient was admitted to hospital by his parents . the patient was also a young and purple doctor . he was diagnosed with diagnosis cyanosis , a confirmation of the natural cardiovascular disease and had to be transplanted to his heart .
heart transplant is a most difficult thing in heart surgery , the most difficult thing in the heart surgery .
in particular , the number of infants of infants under one year old is still empty at present .
the jinan military region blood disease research institute organized experts to repeatedly demonstrate and design the methods of operation and post - operation custody , and conducted independent innovation of the methods of blood vessels coincidence and animal experiments .
on 28 december 2005 , the operation officially began at 8 : 00 am .
the heart of the body was a patient who was suffering from congenital lung disease . the body was a dead baby who suddenly stopped breathing .
the operation needs to be in line with six blood vessels , with over 510 injections , each needle is less than 3 millimeters .
the operation achieved complete success after 295 minutes .
the state administration of safety supervision : we should curb serious and extraordinarily serious accidents involving coalmines .
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the earthquake measuring 5.1 on the richter scale hit the beijing - guangzhou - dalian railway , the largest city in china , in the past year , causing the number of accidents involving the production safety of coal mines to become the top priority of the national safety supervision work this year .
on the 17th , this reporter learned from the state administration of safety production that to truly curb the frequent occurrence of serious accidents , such as coalmines , the top priority is the coal mine .
this year , the state administration of safety supervision and inspection will do a good job in the following three aspects :
and continue to do a good job in the battle of tackling tough problems .
vais is to control the region before using a pull .
if the golese mine does not practice a premature pulse but follow the pattern in the mine , it must be ordered to stop immediately .
and continue to do a good job in the battle of rectifying and closing down hard .
we should make the number of cases that have been publicly announced to the public , and the number of cases recently reported by various localities that have closed down the work to a serious extent .
we should regard the closure as a regular work , and continually close down those enterprises that destroy resources and pollute the environment without having safety conditions .
liaoyu strengthens basic management of coal mine safety .
we must immediately correct the tendency of cutting down a small number of large state - owned mines and guide and manage disorderly small mines , and establish a standardized security system .
in particular , we must grasp key state - owned coal mines , and we must absolutely not allow overloading capacity and overspecialist production .
this year 's production safety control target demands that the number of deaths of various accidents nationwide be down by 3 percent as compared with last year , and coal mines decreased by 3.5 percent .
ten people were killed in an extraordinarily serious accident , and the number of accidents dropped by 5 percent , of which the number dropped by 7 percent .
these control targets have been assigned to provincial - level people 's governments , and various localities are now at the grassroots level and enterprises to tackle problems .
statistics show that in 2005 , the number of coal mine accidents in the whole country was 5,986 , a decrease of 0.77 percent compared with the same period last year .
however , more than 10 people were killed in an extraordinarily serious accident , which caused the accident to rear their head , and the number of people killed in the accident rose 66.6 percent over the same period last year .
( international ) barroso calls for talks on kosovo 's future status
xinhua news agency , belgrade , february 17 ( reporter he yi ) plestia news agency : european commission president barroso said on the 17 th in kosovo 's capital pristina that he hoped the parties concerned would make compromise and preparations in the course of negotiations on the future status of kosovo , and make efforts to ultimately establish a democratic and multi - ethnic integration of kosovo .
barroso met with the interim president of the government of the republic of kosovo , sidioudi , on monday , and representatives of serbs in kosovo , respectively , saying that the parties concerned in kosovo should adopt a tolerant attitude and establish a democratic and multi - ethnic integration kosovo , and that kosovo , which respects the government 's ruling power and protects the rights and interests of ethnic minorities , can be recognized by the international community .
he also stressed that the eu commission will do its best to help kosovo develop .
barroso also expressed his appreciation for kosovo 's role in the implementation of the eight standards set by the united nations for the implementation of the un 's eight criteria for the kosovo democratic process .
he said that the implementation of these standards is an important factor that affects the integration of kosovo and europe .
he also called on all serbs in kosovo to join the kosovo organizations and make efforts to realize democracy and the integration of the various ethnic groups .
barroso arrived in the capital city of kosovo on the same day for a one - day visit .
earlier , barroso visited croatia and serbia and montenegro and will visit albania and bosnia - herzegovina .
( winter olympic games , doping ) news analysis : the dispatch of leava incident may not be over .
duin , february 17 ( xinhua ) the press analysis said that the leava incident may not be settled
xinhua news agency reporter gao yiting ding
although italy has repeatedly issued an order , saying that the number of people who used stimulants during the turin winter olympics may face the uphill battle of the spiral agent , judging from various circumstances , this situation is not very likely to occur in the first stimulant scandal in this winter olympics , the main part of this winter olympics , in the competition , the competition of the competition of the king 's spiral agent , the competition agent of the russian athlete .
the winter olympic games in turin exploded the first doping scandal since its opening on the 16th . o ' leava was uncovered and used many banned drugs .
the ioc announced the following day that it sent leava out of the winter olympics . she received a warm welcome from the two women 's world cup 15 km race at this winter olympics .
world winter season two league held a meeting on the same day to ban the pariya tournament for two years .
the ioc has always stipulated that athletes have been uncovered in the olympic games and will be cancelled and deprived of their qualifications for the games , but they are not subject to legal sanctions .
however , according to italian law , athletes carrying and using stimulants are criminal acts , and the judiciary has the right to directly arrest and investigate and investigate athletes who use stimulants , and those who defy the law will face a prison of three months to three years .
last december , the international olympic committee and the italian government began negotiations on the negotiation price of the negotiations for a year . both sides agreed to hold negotiations on the issue of the athletes ' flagging in accordance with italian laws during the winter olympics .
through the unremitting efforts of the international olympic committee , italy has made concessions four days before the opening of the winter olympics , promising that during the winter olympics police will not enter the olympic village to search the athletes ' places of stay . however , drug prosecutors will still be subject to investigation by the italian procuratorial organs .
it is reported that the italian government supervises the turin winter olympics , peretz , has already sent leava 's stimulant to the duin procuratorial organ .
however , the ioc and peskantor have not yet confirmed the matter .
russia 's winter diagnosis team doctor andy mittov revealed at noon on the 17th that he had sent leavers to leave dushin and return to russia .
he once worked in the world anti - doping agency for many years , and said that once the leaver is sent back to china , this matter will eventually be settled out of the limelight .
shi kang said : the ioc and the italian government have been holding a series of meetings on the issue of anti - doping agents in the winter olympics . even if the italian procuratorial organs really intervene in the matter , it is still hard to say .
in the past , italy used the stimulant incident to judge the penalty of the italian athletes , and the most severe punishment given by the banned is only two years of suspended prison period .
therefore , senior reporter of italy 's anta news agency , peli , said that the possibility of sending leava into prisons almost seems to have a microsoft , and that at top it is fine .
pierre also said that although the italian court can be tried in a absence , italian police cannot turn the leava back to prison abroad .
if he sent leava to refuse to accept the verdict , italy would have no alternative but to take her .
the new epidemic site continues to be the world 's most serious epidemic prevention spot .
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the bird flu has been further spread in africa , according to a xinhua report .
the world health organization confirmed on the 17th that three birds have been found dead in egypt .
in europe , france also discovered the polish - shaped bird flu virus for the first time , and europe was highly alert and strengthened epidemic prevention measures .
the world health organization 's east mediterranean region advisor , hassan bush , told the press in egypt on 17 november that currently , three areas in cairo , jiessa , and miniya in the south have found infected 5:1 bird flu viruses , and the relevant departments of the egyptian government have already started killing suspected poultry that were infected with avian flu .
experts point out that egypt is the only country in the middle east and north africa where migratory birds are migrating to egypt , and there is a great possibility that migratory birds can carry the bird flu virus into the country .
egypt has announced a ban on importing live poultry from abroad and strengthened quarantine work at border ports .
the government of the republic of cameroon has decided to suspend all poultry imports in the past week , a farm in yaounde , the capital of cameroon .
cameroon has decided to suspend the release of all poultry and poultry products from nigeria , where the bird flu epidemic has occurred , and to suspend all poultry and related products on the markets of the two countries .
the cameroon government has also built a comprehensive network of epidemic monitoring networks within a short time , and the basde center and national veterinary laboratory in the country are in an emergency state of order , so that all - embryonic virus testing work can be carried out at any time .
in europe , denmark and sweden , the first bird flu case was found on the 17th .
the institute of veterinary medicine of sweden issued a warning on the dead swans found this wednesday , indicating that the swans in sweden have not been infected with the avian flu virus .
the danish national veterinary authority ( ncmb ) has confirmed that 30 dead swans have been found in denmark recently .
however , the agriculture department said denmark still could not take it lightly .
the european union has been in a state of emergency since the beginning of this year , and the world health organization ( who ) experts said in bucharest on the 17th that the danube delta region has avian flu in almost all areas , and that it must take a serious view of this situation , and romania may be constantly threatened by the avian flu in the next three or five years .
in bangladesh , asia , the government has taken all necessary measures to prevent the avian flu .
the government 's home affairs services bureau has provided relevant officials with books on the prevention of avian influenza and has also organized poultry farmers to receive training .
( newspaper clippings ) china 's first joint blood information management system completed in zhejiang
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the first blood - sharing event in china will be held in the center of the center , according to a report from the blood center of zhejiang province .
a relevant person in charge of the blood center in zhejiang province said that this means that in the future , any citizen will take part in non - compensatory blood donation in any county ( city ) , jiuguan , in zhejiang province , there will be a unique code record . when he again dedicates blood , he will only need to input the relevant personal data on the blood code number , which will be used for blood transfusion , and the number of blood donation , which will
the responsible person further explained that if the data were input into relevant code records , the system showed that the insolvency bloodworms had not yet arrived , it would be tells that they were not in line with the current conditions for blood donation .
this will not only protect the health of the devotees themselves , but also effectively protect the health and safety of the blood - worn people .
in addition , when blood supply is tight , the donors and their relatives have the right to use blood first , and as long as you import effective documents for the donors , you can immediately show the information of the blood donors , which is quite convenient .
according to a report by hangzhou 's " today morning post , " at present , this information system has been put into use in all 36 organs in the province that collect blood for blood , and the blood resources of all blood transmitted and supplied organs in the province can also be seen real - time , realizing data sharing throughout the province .
to prevent another landslide in the philippines , 11 villages in the philippines evacuated
manila , february 18 ( xinhua ) the philippines has been hit by the drought in 11 villages in the eastern part of the country , the philippine government said on wednesday .
officials from south lesotho province , roseelias , said on the same day that the village where the mountain landslide occurred on the 17th was located in the same region , and had similar characteristics .
the 11 villages that have been withdrawn will be relocated to seven evacuation centers .
larry said that the government yesterday ordered a withdrawal of residents , and today another person was sent to check the villages , because some people do not want to leave their homes .
the mountain landslide incident on 17 july occurred in the southern part of san berley province , a village on the hill of san bert town , in southern serbia . from the television picture , soil and stones have buried the entire village and can only see several roofs .
as the soil is very thick and humidity , the people buried below can survive very insignificant .
at present , 109 people have been killed and 57 others have been rescued .
it is estimated that the number of deaths caused by this accident may reach as high as 1,800 .
( overseas chinese in fujian province ) quanzhou , a southern fujian province , has registered a year - on - year increase of 35.2 percent in exports in the first half of this year
fuzhou , february 19 ( xinhua ) the quanzhou city foreign trade and export continued to maintain a high growth momentum in january this year .
according to customs statistics , in january quanzhou realized exports of 330 million us dollars , a record record high , an increase of 35.2 percent over the same period last year , higher than the average growth rate of the whole province .
according to analysis by the quanzhou city foreign economic and trade bureau , the main reason for the rapid growth of quanzhou 's foreign trade in january was that , while quanzhou had many measures to support foreign trade , enterprises ' export enthusiasm was high , quanzhou 's economic operation was active , enterprise management confidence strengthened , and the highly efficient and unimpeded foreign trade development environment were strengthened .
