the investigation into the two wanda - based wanda concubines were stolen
london , june 6 , 2007
the london daily express pointed out that two crown crashed into the car accident investigation data of princess diana 's death in paris in 1997 , and was stolen from the office of the former cosmopolitan police chief .
the report said that the theft has triggered speculation that there may be a computer containing the name of the former cosmopolitan police chief sir steve vinson .
however , a woman spokesman of the metropolitan police station said there was no sensitive information in the computer or related information .
sir steve is the first police officer of the nosel prize office in the country 's capital of tengenheim .
the report said that the secretary of the nosel prize administration had been searching for two theft cases in the past 10 days .
the explosion occurred on the weekend holidays from january 28 to 29 , and all computers and cash were taken away , while the second case occurred last week , with no losses .
the norinamese police also said that there was no evidence to suggest that the two theft cases were related to sir robert smith 's work .
steve vincent has been tracing the cause of her death not directly due to the car accident .
the royal corpse autopsy , brgow , ordered in 2004 to continue to trace the relevant evidence .
princess diana was killed in a car accident at a paris tunnel on august 31 , 1997 , and then killed her wife , paul fahd , and driver .
after two years of investigation , the french police found that the man was the first to have a car lost control because of the driver 's drink driving and taking drugs .
sri lanka 's warring parties agreed to hold talks in geneva in late july
lulun , april 7 , 2007
the norwegian government , which is mediating the peace process between the two sides , agreed to hold talks in geneva , switzerland on the 22nd of this month to resolve the conflict which has been stalled for several decades in order to end the decades - old ethnic bloody conflict .
the norwegian peace envoy , suham , held talks with representatives of the liberation tigers of tamil elam in london , and elbarakhan khan , received this breakthrough .
the norwegian embassy said in a statement that sri lanka was involved in clashes , that is , the sri lankan government and the liberation tigers of tamil ilan , and asked the norwegian government to assist in holding negotiations on february 22 in geneva .
during the two days of negotiations , the focus will be on how to strengthen the cease - fire agreement that took effect on 23 february 2002 , and this agreement has never been fully observed by both sides .
the norwegian embassy said that the two parties will discuss how to improve and implement the cease - fire agreement , which is also the first time in three years that they have held face - to - face talks at such a high level .
solhem said he would lead the norwegian team to participate in the negotiations , and the four representatives of the liberation tigers of tamil eelam were led by barakhan , while the sri lankan government was led by health minister .
he said : this is a small step toward peace . but an important step is that the process of negotiations is expected to be arduous .
the first time the conflict has been resolved was the united states held talks in march 2003 , but the government of the republic of tanzania , the liberation tigers of tamil elam , cancelled the original seventh round of talks scheduled to be held in thailand in april 2003 .
du lin 's winter olympics opens in south and north korea
ulianh dulin , italy , april 10 , 2007
the 20th winter olympic games opened today in du lin . the cold war period was an enemy of south korea and north korea . representatives of the two sides joined hands in the ceremony to enter the venue .
south korean women 's speed skating skating player li po - la and north korean man 's skating ice player han zhengren were respectively the flags of the two countries ' representative teams , leading south korean team to the winter olympic games .
this is the first time that the olympic representative team from south korea and north korea will join hands in the winter olympics .
to reflect the good reconciliation and solidarity of both sides in recent years , the olympic games in sydney in the year 2000 and the summer olympics in athens in 2004 both joined the delegation of south korea and north korea .
north korea has not participated in the 19 th winter olympic games held in salt lake city , the united states .
the korean peninsula was split into two states in 1948 , which became a capitalist country and north korea practiced capitalism . the two sides engaged in the korean war period from 1950 to 1953 .
south korea 's head of state held a summit of peace in 2000 , and relations between the two sides turned better .
the greek team is the first country to enter the tournament , with the south korea being the 22 nd north korean team , the 22 nd north korean team , and the 23 rd north korean team .
the landlord national grand rita team is the last country to enter , and when the italian team entered the arena , a warm cheering and applause broke out immediately .
hovman was once a drug and was fortunate to have a quick understanding of the cause of performing arts .
new york , april 16 , 2007
it is generally recognized as the most hopeful to win this year 's oscar cathedral , the movie " kitota " : the male lead actor in the cold blood bull , the philippines ' cyprus horn , revealed that when he was a light - fury he was once unextracted from drugs and wine when he was young , fortunately , he succeeded in finding a new way before he could start his own art performance .
in an interview with cbs news , holman told the 60 minute interrupting interview that the period was a period of time for obtaining drugs and wine . it was really unscrupulous .
he only came to the top 20 and graduated from the department of opera of the new york university , entering a colorful society . everyday life tolls quickly rotating , finally turning him into a coma and losing control .
he joined the horn when he was 22 years old and altered alcohol and drug - eating habits there . that was the most panic period in his life .
the upcoming oscar awards ceremony next month will be held in hefman to explain the role of american writer kobot - t - kt : the cold - blooded bleak , which is considered most hopeful to win the best male lead award .
before that , his superb performance skills had been affirmed and many of the awards were given , including a gold ballot best actor .
the 38 - year - old performer said during the interview that if he had not resolved to change the bad habit before becoming famous , he might not have been nominated by oscar .
he said he envy those people who were 19 years old and suddenly became famous for many gold .
bird flu trace : panic in europe panic
brussels , april 16 , 2007
the trace of avian flu has been constantly emerging in europe , causing panic .
the european commission has approved the establishment of a tight - key zone to control the entire area of the discovery countries , all of which are under control , and to prohibit the transportation of all birds and birds with biofuels .
the death toll of 521 virus in nigeria was found on the eighth day of the virus , and the epidemic has expanded to more farms in the northern region , indicating that it has crossed the northern border into nigeria .
egyptian officials are investigating a sudden outbreak of chicken hoop fire in a southern farm , worrying that the virus may continue to spread .
the european markets are affected by the virus , and the slump is slowing down by a large margin . the eu executive committee has stressed that there is no reason to panic .
the executive committee is responsible for health and food safety , the executive committee said that public concern about this matter is understandable , but there is no need for excessive reaction .
the virus has been detected in three - kilometer ( three - kilometer ) surrounding protection zones and 10 - kilometer alert zones , and the eu executive committee has laid down all the european territories where the virus has been discovered are situated in the region of hammer .
a european union official who declined to be named said that everyone was nervous and pretty , and they were dealing with the issue of suspected epidemic outbreaks from europe all the day to night .
the european region has so far received a total of austria 's rickeaga rickback germany , while the country of greece , italy , romania , slovenia , ukraine and slovenia , and european territories , have almost all appeared on the wild swans .
romania found the 31 st case on the 16 th , while slovenia , austria and lugene island of germany , also found a new case .
in southern italy , two ducks were found to contain bird flu , the first wild geese in europe infected 521 - virus , other than the first wild swans in europe .
what eu officials are most concerned about now is migratory birds that will soon fly back from africa .
the nigerian government is working to stop the spread of virus to humans on the african continent .
the nigerian government announced that all poultry , including chickens , were found dead in the area five kilometers ( about five kilometers ) near the infected farm .
the niger government of neighboring countries announced that the country had entered a state of alert and put in four million us dollars of emergency plans to monitor the borders of nigeria and nigeria .
the newly established national emergency committee said that they received notification that under the loose border of the two countries , nearly 400 birds were killed in the bird - like marsh .
new regulation on the management of electronic banking in china to come into effect on 1 march
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a bank to monitor the market and to make a decision on the implementation of the electronic banking regulatory commission ( cbrc ) and the e banking safety evaluation guidelines ( eb ) , a spokesman for the cbrc said here today .
a spokesperson for the cbrc said that according to the regulations of the management measures , the examination and approval methods of foreign - funded financial institutions have basically remained unchanged , that is , after foreign branches are allowed to operate online banking business , if a new variety of online banking business is to be added , the main report of the bank of china should be submitted and examined in a unified manner by the main report of the bank .
to standardize the commercial banks ' business using the internet , in june 2001 , the pboc formulated and promulgated the " interim procedures for managing internet banking business . "
a spokesman for the cbrc said that with the constant development of the business of electronic banking , interim procedures cannot meet the requirements of monitoring and controlling risks of electronic banking . the cbrc has formulated two new regulations for this purpose .
according to a spokesperson for the cbrc , the cbrc 's recognition of the qualifications of the safety evaluation institution is different from administrative licensing that is different from the nature of entry into the industry or enterprises . it is not a necessary condition for assessing the safety of ebanking institutions . it is only a reference to the organization selection by the financial institution .
as long as the safety assessment institution meets the relevant requirements and requirements , even without the qualification confirmation of the cbrc , the financial institution can also employ the organization to carry out an electronic banking safety assessment , but the relevant regulations should be managed .
the " procedures for the management of electronic banking " have nine chapters and are divided into four categories : general application and management of = database exchange and transfer management , cross - border business activities management , cross - border business activities , management of portfolio legal liability and supplementary provisions , etc.
the " guidelines for the evaluation of security of electronic banking " consists of 57 articles , which are divided into the general evaluation of security conducted by the evaluation institution on security , and the management and supplementary provisions of the implementation of the evaluation activities .
the book , " mao zedong zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , chen yun on investigation and research " was published and distributed .
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the " mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , chen yun " , compiled by the central party literature research center , was recently published and distributed by the central party literature publishing house .
they should conduct investigations and studies in a profound manner and persist in integrating theory with practice . therefore , formulating and implementing the correct policy is a basic experience in the construction of revolution led by the communist party of china and is the basic experience and basic work method of the reform .
mao zedong 's maize zhou , while talking about the benefits of zhou shaogu , zhu xiaogong , and other revolutionaries of the older generation , made many important and brilliant expositions on the issue of investigation and study . they often went deep into the grassroots to personally conduct social investigation and write many investigation reports .
the practice and results of their investigation and study are of great significance to guiding the cause of the party and the people to develop along the correct road .
the book , " mao zedong zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , chen yun on investigation and study , " was divided into three parts : the first part was the excerpts of the thesis of mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation on investigation and study , the second part was a collection of articles of the survey and research conducted by mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation .
most of these reports were published for the first time .
in addition , there are two articles about the central leaders ' investigation and study in the 1950 s and 1960 s .
russia reiterates adherence to one - china policy
moscow , february 6 ( xinhua ) russian deputy foreign minister alexeyev said here today that russia will stick to the one - china stance when meeting with chinese ambassador to russia liu guchang .
alekseyev said that russia has noticed chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence .
the russian government has consistently upheld the one - china principle and firmly supported china 's efforts to realize the great cause of national reunification .
last year , the chinese npc adopted the anti - secession law , and russia took the lead in publicly expressing its support .
alekseyev said that the russian foreign ministry will issue a statement as soon as possible , reiterating that there is only one china and opposing taiwan independence .
china to hold third china - related meeting in south africa
johannesburg , february 6 ( xinhua ) the fuqing overseas chinese in fujian province , lin yixing , was operating a wine in a local bar in the small hours of 5 november local time , injuring a local militant , and died in the early morning of the 6th at the burundian hospital in the south african judicial capital of burundi .
according to feng yang , president of the free state chinese federation , the incident occurred at the wellington city of werkom , 130 kilometers northwest of burundi .
at that time , the shop owner , mr lam yixing , sorted out the items on the platform and prepared to end the one - day business .
at this time , there were three customers in the shop , one of them was a customer who took out a pistol and ran into the station to commit robbery .
lin yixing , 40 , was fighting with the robbers . the robber opened fire to lin yixing and fled .
local people who heard the news and rushed to the hospital to treat lin yixing . because lin yixing 's body was full of mao 's cardiac permeated with a thin blood tube , it was not stopped after blood . it died at about 3.30 am on 6 february .
on 6 february , the chinese consulate general in erdenim wu , and the delegation of the association of fellow compatriots in south africa , including lin changming , vice president of the association of fellow compatriots in fujian of south africa , arrived in burundian by car to help the family members of the deceased deal with the aftermath of the incident .
lin yixing became the first person to be shot dead by the robbers within 36 hours and was also the fourth chinese national to be killed in south africa since the beginning of this year .
( newspaper clippings ) shanghai : part - time workers and college graduates become main hourly workers
beijing , february 7 ( xinhua ) shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau announced on the 6th the latest monthly wage index for 2006 for labor and social security services , reaching 120 posts , an increase of 11 over the previous one , with the former positions increasing by 11 , and the former jobs having a lower pay .
according to a relevant expert of the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau , currently more than 1 million hourly workers have been employed in shanghai .
according to a report by the " zhongguo qingnian bao , " college graduates and part - time staff are the major components of the hourly workers ' team .
through the survey of nearly 8,000 hours of work , more than half of the staff are part - time workers , and the percentage has reached 51.1 percent .
the cultural level of part - time workers is generally higher , mainly engaged in the work of relatively strong technical skills , such as translation and part - time personnel , reaching 81.77 percent , and health - care attainment of 61.6 percent .
the high income is the important reason why many people are engaged in hourly jobs .
it is understood that the monthly income of a certain post can reach tens of thousands of yuan , and it is still difficult to find a job , just like the transcript of the voice ; the monthly income of workers can mostly reach more than 2,000 yuan , such as concurrent financial duties , smarching into the statue .
to satisfy individual interests and to expand their knowledge , it is also a major reason for hiring part - time workers to find favor with them .
for example , when a certain enterprise becomes a human resources manager , several hours will be taken weekly to handle the work of handling the financial accounts of a foreign representative office .
mr koo considers that the biggest gain from part - time duties is to keep up with updating his knowledge and to have opportunities to involve another field . of course , the income of $ 2,000 per month is also given a certain enticement .
as some hours of employment thresholds are low , the employment forms are flexible and free , and are gradually becoming popular among many graduates who are currently seeking jobs , 144 % of them are graduates of secondary and secondary schools in the past three years .
mimicking me at the beginning did not want to do an hour job , but after a few months i thought it was better than the nine - five days working in the dprk .
after graduating from xiao huang , a university graduate , he did not work as satisfactory as he had done . finally , he hung up his name at a hotel and played a piano background music with a piano .
muddy , i am quite satisfied with the work now , 100 yuan per hour , and the environment is good . what i want to do now is a few more hours of work .
it is understood that working hours have become accumulation of experience of some graduates who are currently seeking jobs , and improving their skills in training while improving communication skills , increasing their social experience .
graduates work hours mainly in knowledge and technical skills , and they are more competent in professional work such as translation jobs , times - specific jobs , and modern performing arts jobs .
some of the jobs for hours are not high , such as munitions for food promotion agents , etc. , unemployed personnel can take up jobs after simple training .
the data showed that among the hourly employed workers , 39,000 were originally unemployed , of which the proportion of unemployed in retail sales was 68.4 percent , and the proportion of catering was 58.7 percent , and the hours of work became an important channel for the unemployed to find jobs .
prc 's wu bangguo inspects anhui province
beijing , february 8 ( xinhua ) the communist party of china ( cpc ) standing committee member wu bangguo , chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) , stressed during a recent inspection of anhui province that it is necessary to use the three represents 's important thinking as guidance , persist in using the scientific development concept to command the overall situation of economic and social development , conscientiously implement the central authorities ' principles and policies in light of local conditions , further emancipate the mind , carry out creative
from 6 to 8 february , wu bangguo inspected wuhu , wuhu , and other places in wushan , wuhu , and went deep into enterprises ' rural scientific research institutes and institutions of higher learning to inspect research work .
wu bangguo pointed out that anhui has the advantage of linking the east with the north of zidane , and is an important agricultural area in china with rich natural resources , a relatively good industrial foundation , a relatively strong scientific and educational strength , and an exceptional advantage in cultural and tourist resources .
anhui should firmly grasp the important opportunity of promoting the rise of central china , always unwaveringly uphold the central task of economic construction , seriously implement the central authorities ' principles and policies in close connection with anhui 's actual conditions , carry out work in a creative manner , and implement the scientific development concept in concrete measures and in actual work .
we should sum up practical experience in a timely manner , fully rely on the masses of the people , vigorously support reform and innovation , and constantly open up a new situation in anhui work .
we should actively promote the construction of a harmonious society and persist in safeguarding and developing the fundamental interests of the overwhelming majority of the people as the starting point and the end result of all our work , actively create conditions , gradually resolve all practical problems of the masses in difficulties , gradually adjust the distribution relationships , gradually change the dig structure of urban and rural areas , gradually narrow the regional gap , safeguard and uphold and realize the goal of social fairness and justice , and enable the people to achieve the development of
wu bangguo stressed : china has reached the stage where it must rely more on enhancing its ability to innovate independently and raising the workers ' quality to promote economic and social development . only by vigorously promoting scientific and technological progress and innovation can we achieve a leap in the quality of productive forces and effectively shift economic and social development onto the track of scientific development .
we should establish and improve as soon as possible systems and mechanisms that are conducive to innovation , increase scientific and technological input , encourage patent inventions , develop well - known brands , speed up the conversion of scientific and technological achievements into real productive forces , strengthen enterprises ' status as the main body in independent innovation , and constantly raise the contribution rate of scientific and technological progress to economic growth .
we should support and encourage the participation of key technical elements in distribution , establish and perfect a statistical system that embodies independent innovation capability , study and formulate financial taxation and government procurement policies that support independent innovation , and form a policy system that encourages independent innovation .
we should cultivate a sense of innovation in society as a whole , vigorously advocate the spirit of daring to innovate and boldly compete , and strive to create a good atmosphere in which talent will emerge in large numbers .
wu bangguo pointed out : the people 's congress has played an increasingly important role in ruling the country according to law and building a socialist country ruled by law .
to do a good job in the work of the people 's congresses under the new situation , first , we must adhere to the correct political direction with chinese characteristics and organically integrate upholding the party 's leadership with governing the country according to law .
second , we should closely center our work around the overall interests of the party and the state , closely center our work around major issues in reform , development , and stability , and closely center our work around hot and difficult issues that the masses are generally concerned about , so as to constantly enhance the practical results of the work of the people 's congress .
third , it is necessary to give play to the characteristics and advantages of the work of the people 's congress , uphold democratic centralism , handle affairs according to the law , and make collective decisions on issues .
we should persistently follow the mass line , take people as the foundation , exercise power for the people , have our feelings for the people , and work for the interests of the people .
china has proposed a major scientific research plan for 15 years in the future .
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will continue to promote the development of the country 's economy and the development of the country 's economy , according to the state council 's long - term and medium - term plans ( 2006 - 2020 ) program on science and technology development released on tuesday .
these four major scientific projects are the research on protein control and control of the nasa research and research on r & d and reproduction .
the outline points out that protein science is the life science commanding height that developed countries are fiercely contending for .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on studying the computerized computing of the technological computing system of key biological systems , the democratic process of the democratic index group of the democratic party of the democratic party of the democratic party of china , and the democratic transition group of the democratic party of the democratic party , and the white protein research functions of the protein and the white protein research , and related applied basic research , etc.
the outline also holds that quantitative regulation and control research is of a clear leading significance and may have a significant impact on the social and economic development of mankind in 20-30 years .
china should lay stress on studying the carrier of quantum communications and the principles and methods of regulation and control , the new quantum effect of calculating the quantum system and the small - scale system , the new principles and new technical basis of the quantitative regulation and control and measurement of the radius .
in addition , the program points out that nanotechnology has become a strategic choice for many countries to enhance their core competitiveness , and is also one of the fields in which china is expected to achieve leapfrog development .
in the next 15 years , china will focus its research on the area , including the ability to control nanometer materials , the process of making it , which is made up of itself , and the system of making it available for use by china . the research will include the nanophysics , naimi , and the research of the nazi institute of science and technology , including the application of nakal materials , the energy information field , the gene of the nak@@
china 's population growth is large , there is a big flaws in birth , there is a serious shortage of transplant organs , and the peak of aging is about to arrive . therefore , it is urgently necessary to make breakthroughs in reproductive and botanical scientific theories and technological innovations .
according to the outline , china will focus its research on increasing the disintegration of stem cells and its regulation and control in 2006 - 2020 , when genetic cells are mature and fertilizer , the weakening and retreat of human reproductive functions of human body , and the safety and moral principles of reproductive and stem cells .
shanghai housing prices have dropped by nearly 7 percentage points last year
shanghai , february 9 ( xinhua ) the state will continue to implement the policy of macro regulation and control of the real estate industry in shanghai in 2005 .
according to the latest data released , shanghai 's real estate industry achieved marked decline or slowing down in growth last year .
the price of residential housing dropped 6.6 percentage points from the previous year , while the real estate industry 's added value decreased 4.1 percent compared with the previous year .
pan jianxin , director of the shanghai municipal statistics bureau , said at a press conference a few days ago that in 2005 , the average sales price of residential housing in shanghai was 6,698 yuan per square meter , an increase of 313 yuan over 2004 .
the annual price of residential housing rose 9.22 percent from the previous year , and the increase was 6.6 percentage points lower than the same period last year .
the real estate industry added value for the year was 670.023 billion yuan , down 4.1 percent from the previous year .
among the loans of financial institutions , the outstanding personal housing mortgage loans amounted to 264.494 billion yuan , up only 9.84 billion yuan in the year , but the new loan increase in 2004 reached 72.809 billion yuan .
pan jianxin said that from the year - on - year sales prices of shanghai 's real estate , the sales price of commercial housing has dropped steadily .
the statistical report also shows that according to the latest data , in 2005 , the shanghai real estate prices rose somewhat , and the average sales price of residential housing was 6,698 yuan / square meters , an increase of 313 yuan per square meter over 2004 .
in 2005 , the price level of housing sales rose 9.77 percent from the previous year , and the rate of increase was 6.2 percentage points lower than that of the previous year .
according to his briefing , shanghai completed 124.686 - billion yuan in real estate development last year , an increase of 6.1 percent over the previous year .
the sales area was 315,887 million square meters , down 9.55 percent .
the total sales volume of commercial housing was 216.13 billion yuan , down 4.55 percent from the previous year .
two light planes crashed in new zealand
wellington , february 9 ( xinhua ) two new zealand light planes crashed on the 9th at the heung - niger region about 100 kilometers north of the capital wellington , killing two students from the flight institute .
according to a relevant responsible person of the local civil aviation department , all the pilots of the two aircrafts were students of the flight institute of the maxi university . they were still undergoing training and were not yet obtaining a flight license .
at the time of the incident , two planes were in a non - air control zone . according to regulations , when flying in such a region , pilots should be responsible for the navigation and security conditions of the aircraft .
a witness who was at the scene of the incident told the new zealand media that when the plane collided , he heard a huge explosion and saw the plane crashed rapidly toward the ground .
another eyewitness also confirmed that he heard a huge explosion before the plane crashed and saw a fraction of the plane .
the cause of the collision is still unclear , and the local civil aviation department will investigate the incident .
argentina 's overseas chinese condemn chen shui - bian 's taiwan independence speech beijing ,
xinhua news agency , buenos aires , february 8 ( reporter cao yu ) - the argentine china 's peaceful reunification promotion association , founded by overseas chinese and chinese nationals residing in argentina , issued a statement strongly condemning chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence , opposing any attempt to split taiwan from china .
the statement said : in his speech delivered on 29 january , chen shui - bian claimed that he would abolish the national unification council and the national unification guidelines of the united states , and it is again making a step toward the realization of taiwan independence .
the hope for peace by compatriots on both sides of the strait and taiwan compatriots ' good desire for peace and stability while striving for development will face severe challenges .
the statement pointed out that resolutely opposing and containing the taiwan independence movement and safeguarding peace and stability in the taiwan strait region remain the most pressing task of the compatriots on both sides of the strait and the chinese people in the world at present .
the statement stressed that the argentine association for promoting china 's peaceful reunification is willing to unite with all overseas chinese and chinese nationals residing in argentina to resolutely oppose unanimously opposing taiwan independence of any form and actively promote china 's peaceful reunification .
china 's scholar on us arms threat to china , china 's military threat
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will continue to support the u.s. congress in its " four - year " defense review report , which was formally submitted to congress a few days ago , according to the pentagon 's report on the defense review of china , which said that it is the emerging major country which may challenge the us military .
experts believe that this is an unreasonable accusation against china 's normal national defense construction , and plays up the military threat theory of china , and is interference in china 's internal affairs .
the " four - year defense assessment report " is a new document guiding the pentagon 's national defense .
the 92 - page report uses three paragraphs to explain the issue of china 's military power and the countermeasures the united states should take . it has directly mentioned china 's military strength or its relationship with china 's , or china 's , two glossary , saying that as a major and newly emerging power , china has the greatest potential to conduct military competition with the united states , and if the united states does not counter the anti - control measures , china will very likely develop its military
the chinese academy of military sciences ' research department of world military studies , yao yunzhu , said that although senior us officials had expressed similar views on many occasions , it was the first time in the defense strategy report , china proposed that china is most likely to constitute a rising power in the united states military challenge to the united states .
for the first time , the report clearly puts russia on china as a new strategic opponent , especially china 's emerging strategic opponent , giving greater attention to the so - called military threat theory of china .
peng guangqian , research fellow of the chinese academy of military sciences , said :
what merits attention is that in the " four - year defense assessment report , " on the same day , us president bush also submitted to congress the 2007 government budget , of which the national defense budget reached $ 43.93 - billion .
if it add to the military action that is being carried out in iraq and afghanistan , the national defense budget for the fiscal year of the united states will break the $ 500 - billion mark , setting a new record high , and marking a new record high . this is almost equivalent to the total military spending of all other countries in the world .
peng guangqian held that the united states ' tactic of creating a signboard of other countries shows the true us style of the pentagon building its real enemy , with the aim of winning more defense expenses and gaining more profits for us arms industrial groups .
experts say that compared with the huge military spending of the united states , china 's national defense spending is quite limited .
he has participated in the drafting of the white paper on china 's national defense on many occasions , said : since the 1990 s , as china 's economy has developed , its national defense spending has increased somewhat , but the overall proportion of the country 's fiscal expenditures has shown a tendency of decline .
official statistics show that compared with 1979 , china 's national defense spending accounted for a drop of nearly 10 percentage points in the same period of the same period .
in 2005 , china 's national defense spending was 2446.56 billion yuan , just about one - fourths of the united states ' national defense spending , and the per capita national military spending was only about 1 / 60 of the united states ' per capita , and the per capita military spending was about one - thirds of the us military spending .
the land area of the united states is roughly the same as china 's territory , but the difference in military spending is so great . who 's the military strength that is actually greater than the normal defense needs ? this is a mere mere shadow .
peng guangqian said :
the director of the research department of the china arms control and disarmament association , teng jianqun , said that the us side should objectively assess china 's military construction situation , and that china 's peaceful development does not mean that china and the united states will become their military opponents in the future .
the white paper " china 's national defense in 2004 " says that china firmly follows the path of peaceful development and practices a defensive national defense policy .
china 's past and present , not yet binding on the word , will not pose a threat to any country .
so far , china has not established military bases in any other country , nor has it sent a single soldier to other countries , while the united states has more than 100 military bases overseas and deployed more than 100,000 troops in asia alone .
professor zhu feng of the international relations college of beijing university said that china and the united states should increase communication and exchanges through the established channels , enhance understanding and mutual trust , comprehensively promote the constructive and cooperative relationship between china and the united states in the new century , and jointly promote the maintenance of world peace and development .
turin winter olympics opening to excel
turin , february 9 ( xinhua ) the 20th winter olympic games opened here on tuesday , at the opening ceremony of the 20th winter olympic games in turin , capital of the capital of the capital city of turin , will formally unveil the mysterious veil .
on 9 november , the preparatory committee of the turin winter olympics disclosed to reporters in advance the brilliant arrangements for the opening ceremony .
regarding the opening ceremony , castilla , chairman of the organizing committee , was full of confidence . he said at a press conference that the opening ceremony involved a total of 10 million euros and gathered top italian talents in all fields .
he said : the night of 10 may will be unforgettable . the 35,000 - strong audience at the venue and the television viewers around 2 - billion worldwide will see the opening ceremony full of passion and success .
the flames of enthusiasm on the threshold of the bright red , the five rings of peace , and the white snow and milk cows of the alps mountain will appear on the opening ceremony . the director introduced the passion and the talent of the rough and the italian style of the rough rhythm , which will become the theme of the opening ceremony and will show the vitality of the cultural culture of italy and the four cultural olympic games as well as the cultural
the famous italian designer , amani , specially designed garments for the opening ceremony , and the famous italian fashion brand , morskino , will provide courtesy to the athletes ' attendants at the ceremony .
however , the famous italian tenor pavarotti will sing a song at the opening ceremony , and the organizing committee will leave this suspense in the end .
eight soldiers who can brave the flames will use three meters long to drive their flame .
officials of the organizing committee said that this was the most satisfactory creation of their performance at the opening ceremony .
and on how to ignite the main torch , the organizing committee did not reveal it ahead of schedule , but the main torch platform at 57 meters will light the residents of turin and nearby alps .
white house announces bush 's visit to pakistan , india in march
washington , february 9 ( xinhua ) the u.s. white house spokesman , michael mcclellan , said at a press conference on the 9th that although blasphemous pictures of islamic prophet mohammed were triggered off strong protests in the islamic world , president bush will still visit pakistan and india in march as planned .
mcclellan said that bush is looking forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he also said that he is making arrangements for this visit .
mcclellan made the above remarks when he held various demonstrations in some parts of pakistan to protest against blasphemy against islamic predecessors mohammed .
in january this year , bush met with pakistani prime minister aziz at the white house , during which the two sides expressed the wish to strengthen friendly cooperation and jointly crack down on terrorism that jeopardizes the security of the two countries .
bush also said that at the invitation of the pakistani and indian governments , he will visit pakistan and india in march .
( international ) hamas seeks breakthrough in forming cabinet
ramallah , february 9 ( xinhua ) the government of the hamas sought to break through the cabinet
xinhua news agency , beijing , aug. 21 ,
the palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) won the legislative council election , how to draw a blueprint for the new government has become the focus of international attention at present .
what kind of new policy hamas will implement will directly affect the relevant parties in the peace process in the next step of their corresponding policy direction .
at the same time , the us and israeli boycott attitude has added variables to the prospect of the hamas government .
at present , the palestinian parties are stepping up consultations to reach a consensus on the difficulties and sensitive points in forming the cabinet that involve future developments .
the post of prime minister will take up the right and the wrong place
after hamas obtained the cabinet , some people in the outside worried that hamas might hold a difference with the current hamas leader , hamas , while mighty , will probably be in power .
moreover , the hamas leader , al-assad , who is visiting egypt , stressed that the new palestinian government formed by hamas will not recognize israel , and this tough signal has also intensified international concern .
the united states and israel have explicitly expressed their opposition to a hamas government that has the power to control the situation and threatened to suspend economic aid to palestine and to transfer tax to the palestinian side .
however , this does not prevent hamas from making flexible strategic adjustments , and it is a compromise policy to select independent people .
it is reported that in order to obtain international recognition as much as possible , hamas leaders at home and abroad who are gathering in egypt decided to elect the independent hamas member , jemal huda , chairman of the board of directors of the shara islamic college , recently to become the new prime minister .
this measure has not yet received response from the relevant parties .
palestinian analysts said that no matter how difficult the prime minister 's position is , the most crucial thing is that the prime minister should try to play down the tough shell of hamas as much as possible , only by ensuring that the cabinet is formed successfully .
how to distribute power
internally , the biggest challenge facing the cabinet is the lack of sufficient experience in governance .
an article in the palestinian " shih pao " analyzed : hamas has attracted people 's attention through its social welfare projects , but in its governance it lacks experience and is closely related to the palestinian national liberation movement ( fatah ) , which has the experience in power .
after the election , hamas proposed establishing political partnerships with fatah to jointly establish a national coalition government , but fatah has not yet given a positive response to this .
within fatah , there is different opinion on whether to join the cabinet , and each faction advocates participating in the new government , so that it can accomplish something , while the other faction is willing to play a positive role in the legislative yuan in the legislature , on whether or not to be a pro - active opposition party .
the source pointed out that , with abbas 's advice , fatah gradually inclined to join the new government .
even so , hamas and fatah will also hold talks on the distribution of cabinet posts .
in addition , another way is to break away from the party 's affiliated cabinet , which is to form the legislative yuan .
it is reported that hamas has also designed a clean , expert - type government , but the specific name list is unknown .
in view of the attitude of the united states and israel , the technical expert - type government is also improper to form a cabinet system to reduce external pressure .
according to the provisions of the palestinian " basic law , " after the new legislative council takes office on 16 february , nominating the prime minister and forming the cabinet will be completed within three to five weeks .
where will the armed forces go ?
the weapons in hamas are another thorny problem facing the formation of a new government .
the us and israeli attitude is very tough , and they resolutely demand that hamas abandon violence and reject its participation in politics by holding a gun .
hamas leader mahathir stressed on 9 november that armed resistance is a strategic option for the organization .
the armed issue actually includes the legality of weapons and the issue of the ownership of the armed forces .
hamas was elected to the legislative council 's largest party through democratic and free means , and the armed factions of its subordinate armed factions , likewise , legalized by qusay brigades , are to bring them into the government 's security organs .
hamas once proposed to reunify the various factions into the armed forces of the palestinian national authority , but it did not receive a widespread response , and was also opposed by the islamic jihad organization ( jhah ) of palestine .
palestine now has more than 60,000 security personnel , and the great majority of them are from the fatah camp .
moreover , fatah also has some loose - fledged armed factions , such as the + kusa martyrs ' movement , etc , in the muda , the mima eagle , etc.
hamas , which is responsible for forming a cabinet , must consult with abbas on how to manage these armed forces that each has its own way and rationally distribute security management powers .
according to local media reports , abbas intends to take charge of security and intelligence units , police and civil defense organizations , etc. , and are managed by the interior ministry of the new government .
however , all parties are still holding consultations on this sensitive issue , and so far there is no further text .
china issues report on polar exploration
beijing , february 10 ( xinhua ) the state oceanic administration ( cnsa ) recently issued the 2005 china polar exploration report , which is the first time that china has conducted polar scientific research activities in more than 20 years .
the " report " has comprehensively reflected the achievements of china 's polar scientific research activities in 2005 , which made major progress and achievements in logistical support scientific research .
according to the " report , " at 2215 hours on 9 january 2005 ( beijing time ) , the china antarctic expedition interior ice - building inspection team successfully landed on the highest ice dome region on the mainland , the highest iceberg in the south pole . it also decided at 315 hours on 18 january ( beijing ) to designate the highest point of the icdg 's diameter as 4093 meters .
while competition is becoming increasingly fierce in the international polar exploration arena , chinese people 's strong will and dauntless spirit are brave in opening up new fields , and they have launched the first research on the impact of the highest point of the southern icy on the southern icy cover , and successfully won one stroke , thus realizing another dream of mankind in the south pole .
sun zhihui , director of the state oceanic administration , said :
the " report " shows that on 24 march 2005 , the 21 st antarctic expedition team of china returned to shanghai after completing its mission . the inspection lasted 151 days and covered 2,500 nautical miles .
on 18 november of the same year , the 22 nd antarctic expedition team of china left shanghai for the antarctic zhongshan station to conduct scientific research activities . it will leave the zhongshan mountain station to return to shanghai via australia before the end of february 2006 .
since it was the first time china published its polar exploration report , the " 2005 china polar exploration report " also made a detailed analysis of the polar exploration undertaking of china , which started in the early 1980 s .
according to the " report , " in 1983 , china formally joined the " antarctic treaty " and became a member of the organization of the antarctic treaty . it became one of the most influential countries in the antarctic field research committee , the council of the director general of the antarctic research commission , and other members of the international organization on antarctic affairs .
in 1997 , china became a member of the arctic science committee and won the right to speak and make decisions in international polar affairs .
the report points out that in the past 20 - odd years , china 's polar survey has never reached its limit , has developed constantly , and has a new size of the initial stage . it has formed a scientific research system of the north - ka expedition system built on a ship of three kingsons in the south , namely , the long southern polar city station built in february 1985 , the southern pole station established in february 1989 , the north pole station established in july 2004 , and
according to the " report , " by the end of 2005 , china has conducted 22 scientific expeditions in the south pole , and has made a total of 22 inspection trips to the north pole on 2 august , conducted by the north pole scientific research station , with a ship loaded in the north pole , and has now visited the kitty rus of the north pole . more than 3,000 people have visited the konka site in person .
at present , we are working to build the third antarctic expedition station , and are also the first inland investigation and research station in the antarctic .
sun zhihui said :
after more than 20 years of hard work , china 's polar exploration undertaking has taken a place in the world 's polar exploration , but compared with other major polar exploration projects , it still has a rather big gap . we must catch up with our prey to our predecessors .
he said .
sun zhihui disclosed that china will publish an annual polar exploration report .
castro meets chinese vice president on scientific , technological cooperation
havana , february 10 ( xinhua ) president of the cuban council of state castro met with visiting chinese state councilor chen zhili on the 10th . both sides expressed their willingness to strengthen mutually beneficial cooperation in education , science and technology .
president castro warmly welcomed state councilor chen zhili to visit cuba .
he said : cuban - chinese relations are very friendly . there are frequent high - level visits between the two countries . this has effectively promoted and strengthened the friendship and mutual understanding between the two sides . he hoped that the two countries would constantly deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in various fields , including education and science and technology .
chen zhili said : cuba is an important country with important influence in latin america and the caribbean region .
the friendly exchanges between the chinese and cuban peoples date back to ancient times .
cuba is the first latin american country to establish diplomatic relations with new china .
after entering the new century , under the concern and promotion of the leaders of the two countries , the mutual political trust between the two countries has become increasingly deepened , the scope of cooperation has expanded , and the two countries have supported and cooperated with each other in international affairs . the friendly relations between china and cuba have entered a new period of comprehensive development .
she believed that with the joint efforts of both sides , more fruitful results will be achieved in sino - cuban friendly cooperation .
chen also pointed out that the chinese government has always attached importance to exchanges and cooperation with cuba in the field of education .
in recent years , educational exchanges between the two countries have become closer and personnel exchanges have been frequent .
china actively supports the international conference held by the cuban side and has sent a delegation to attend the previous world higher education conferences and the 2005 conference on eliminating illiteracy .
cuba has a high level of basic education , and hopes to further strengthen exchanges of relevant experience in the future .
chen zhili said : the cooperation between china and cuba in science and technology research and development has their respective advantages , and both sides can achieve a win - win situation through cooperation in various fields .
the chinese side has provided cuba with some scientific research equipment and hopes to play a positive role in cuba 's scientific research and production .
she also briefed castro on china 's strategy of relying on science and education to invigorate the country and the national conference on science and technology .
chen arrived here on monday for a three - day visit at the invitation of the cuban government .
during the visit , chen zhili met with cuban minister of higher education viaco and inspected the university 's information technology university , huavanana university , the university of information science , and the san marti middle school .
no oil leakage on beijing - kazakhstan highway
harbin , february 11 ( xinhua ) the chinese government and people are deeply concerned about the accident , which occurred at about 2300 hours on february 10 , when a car was leaking at 58 kilometers ( 2200 gmt ) on the jingha highway .
according to a briefing given by the traffic police unit of shuangcheng city public security bureau , three traffic accidents occurred on the 58th in the capital - kazakhstan highway . a passenger bus , one goods vehicle , and an oil tank vehicle collided together . a cracks were leaked in the fuel tank body . the waste oil loaded inside was flowing onto the road .
it is understood that the tanker is loaded with waste oil that produces coke .
because of the dense concentration of waste oil and the danger of the flames produced by past vehicles , the departments concerned have closed the roads at the scene of the accident .
the highway from harbin to shuangcheng was closed , and many vehicles were bypassing .
at present , relevant departments are screening the scene and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) - hutchison whampoa announces that the red flags of huangpu will be lowered under the italian signboard
hong kong , february 11 ( xinhua ) the company announced on the 11th that it would postpone its opening of its 3 - t telecommunications company limited to 3-3 italian market .
and mr henry fok kin - ning , general manager of the group , said that although the three italian companies had obtained approval from all relevant agencies , since the listing procedures must be completed in the next few weeks , the time is too hasty .
at the same time , the european telecommunications market is weak and the market may not be able to provide italy with a suitable valuation at this moment .
in view of the greatest interest consideration for shareholders , the decision to postpone the listing .
as for when to issue another shares to be listed , mr fok said that it would depend on the future trends of the european telecommunications market .
he said : from now on to the time of the floating of shares , to italy needs to launch a wide range of investor education activities to enable the global telecommunications investment to understand more clearly the current strong performance prospects of italy and italy .
in addition , according to media reports , the three - nation coordinated investment bank of italy goldman sachs agreed to sell us $ 420 million in italy , with 10 percent of shares in the italian stock exchange , in the form of private placing . it is expected to be completed by the end of march this year .
china , myanmar to further economic ties , trade
yangon , february 12 ( xinhua ) the chinese ambassador to myanmar , mr mike tang , said here today that the chinese government attaches great importance to the development of friendly relations between the two countries and is willing to work together with the myanmar side to further the friendly cooperative relations between the two countries .
ambassador guan mu said : in recent years , the sino - burmese good - neighborly and friendly relations , built on the basis of the five principles of peaceful coexistence , have been consolidated and developed , exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been expanding and deepening , and economic and trade relations between the two countries have been constantly expanding and strengthening .
counselor tang haikou said : the high - level visits between the two countries have effectively promoted the development of bilateral economic and trade cooperation .
during the high - level exchange visits between the two countries in 2004 , the two sides signed 33 agreements on economic and trade cooperation , most of which are being implemented and implemented .
he said that the $ 1.14 - billion in 2004 , $ 12.09 - billion in 2005 , of which $ 935 - million will be china 's exports and $ 274 - million will be imports .
last year , china 's trade with myanmar ( including border trade ) amounted to 630 - million us dollars , up 14.6 percent from the previous year .
tang said myanmar has become the first country to launch contractual projects with chinese enterprises , and china 's main projects in myanmar include the bridges of the power station , the bridges of the airport , and the factories ( such as the sugar factory , the muddy house , the muddy house , and the jay mill ) .
chinese enterprises have been developing their engineering business in myanmar , which has brought along the export of chinese machinery and electronic products of various categories . myanmar has become one of the major markets for china 's complete sets of equipment and the export of mechanical and electrical products .
according to chinese customs statistics , in the last five or six years , the export of mechanical and electrical products accounted for about 45.0 percent of china 's total export to myanmar .
counselor tang also said that myanmar is rich in resources and that china has started investing in the development of natural resources such as the oil - bearing nickel ore copper mine in myanmar . there is great potential for the development of sino - burmese economic and trade cooperation .
he hoped that chinese enterprises should have a long - term view , learn to avoid risks , make careful policy decisions , foster a good corporate image , ensure that project quality and quantity are completed on schedule , and strive for the country .
ambassador guan mu and counselor tang hai both held that premier soe 's upcoming official visit to china is an important event in bilateral relations this year and is of great significance to enhancing mutual political trust , promoting bilateral cooperation , and further developing sino - burmese good - neighborly and friendly relations .
it is expected that the two sides will sign several agreements on economic and trade cooperation during the visit .
world bank to reduce debts of poorest countries
moscow , february 11 ( xinhua ) world bank president wolfowitz said in moscow on the 11th that the world bank would completely waive the debts of the poorest countries by the middle of this year .
wolfowitz held talks with chinese officials and experts on the nuclear issue of the g - 8 .
in a statement issued after the meeting , he said that the world bank would implement the debt relief and reduction program before 1 july this year , and that the world bank was doing all technical work in this respect .
last year , the world bank donor countries completely removed debts owed by 28 countries and said that they would fill the funds for the relevant trust funds .
the international monetary fund 's creditor 's rights are relatively small , and the organization has begun to reduce or exempt debts since the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz 's commitment to russia to exempt 16 african countries from their debts .
the us has gradually become a mainstream digital television .
new york , february 12 ( xinhua ) the united states has been hit by a high - resolution television plane ( while on the bulldozer ) , with its sales continuing to slide and market expanding , us television broadcasting agencies have also stepped up their efforts to introduce corresponding high - definition television programs .
the newly created us supercin ray russell has become a us broadcasting industry 's way to greet the age of the tall era .
according to a recent report by the " financial times , " the us congress recently passed a bill which stipulates that american broadcast industry employees must completely stop broadcasting the current simulated television signals on 17 february 2009 and can only broadcast digital signals .
this means that the comprehensive digitization of the broadcast of us television programs has a clear timetable .
the popularization of high resolution digital television requires on the one hand to rely on consumers to buy television sets , while on the other hand it relies on the manufacturing sector to provide high - definition digital programs .
although digital television has been repeatedly mentioned in the past few years , it has never become a reality .
this problem has taken a turn for the better this year .
according to the forecast of the us consumer electronics association , the sales of digital television sets in the united states will exceed the traditional television for the first time this year . among the digital television sets , 85.0 percent are high - resolution products .
japanese researchers have developed new highly efficient man - made kidney
tokyo , february 13 ( xinhua ) japan 's east china sea university research personnel developed a biological kidney that not only has the same kidney as human kidney , but also has the function of maintaining a biological element .
according to a recent report by the " nikkei shimbun , " the newly developed biological man - made kidney is mainly composed of two parts , and some are transcript of xie waste and water from the blood , and another part of the kidney made by the people who used the components of the blood such as the former rattle and the nettle of the re - entry of the blood , including the clay of the cloned person who rereturned to
the mere of the kidney and the imperial figure of the people made in the united states are made up of the silk line of the middle air , and the inside side of the murt of the people built on the inside tube is a cells with discerning function .
how many blood can this skin cells be used to analyze the sickness caused by the variable of blood , the variable of the variant of the acid acid of the cells into the glucose of the montreal acid and the blood of the cells , which can also make the blood of the cells that are essential to their body be reentered into the blood of the stem , the stem cells , and other miner@@
the previous human - made kidney relies on the differential filter of seepage oppression to not completely remove it , and is not in the capacity of returning the ingredients of ammonic acid and other ingredients back to the blood .
researchers used mountain sheep to carry out bio - artificial kidney transplantation experiments , using pig skin cells in the cliff inside the cliff of the artificial kidney .
two weeks later , researchers confirmed that the man - made kidney can be functioning .
at present , they are developing biomedical kidney for human kidney and will start clinical research after testing its safety .
china 's power safety still faces stern challenges
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the state administration of power supervision and management ( sdrc ) said on the 13th that although the safety of power production remained stable in 2005 , the safety of power production was still facing a severe challenge .
shi yubo , vice chairman of the state power commission , said at the fifth ( enlarged ) meeting of the national committee on power safety that in 2005 , china 's power safety production will be stable overall , and the task of power safety at the peak will be completed , and the power supply will be ensured .
however , he pointed out that with the changes in the power supply and demand situation and the successive inputs of a large number of newly built power generating units , the production safety of electric power will face new challenges .
these challenges include the seasonal variations of power shortage in regional periods , and the situation of power supply and demand in some regions is still tight , and the benign power and coal prices have not yet taken shape , causing a relatively big problem in power coal supply , and at the same time the problem of the decline in coal quality has not been effectively controlled , which will have a serious impact on the stable operation of power generating units ; some of the power supply systems are weak and the outdated
shi yubo said that with the deepening of the reform of the power system , many deep - seated contradictions will be exposed . how to maintain the stability of the workers ' ranks and ensure normal production order will become new problems .
in view of the work of power safety in 2006 , shi yubo said that it is necessary to further strengthen the basic work of power safety management , speed up the establishment and improvement of the mechanism for emergency management of power safety , enhance the ability to deal with emergencies , strengthen coordination and cooperation between power plants and power grids , and jointly safeguard the safety of the power system , continue to do a good job in supervising and managing the safety of the hydropower stations and dam ,
it is reported that in light of the new situation in power safety management , the power regulatory commission will carry out revision and perfection of the " interim regulations on investigating accidents in power generation " that has been promulgated this year . at the same time , supporting documents on the safety of the hydropower stations ' dam and the second system for protecting power supply will be issued and implemented successively this year .
in 2005 , china 's total society consumed 246.89 billion kilowatt - hours , up 13.455 percent from the same period last year .
in the face of the still tight power supply and demand situation , the contradiction between coal , power , oil , and transport is conspicuous , and other unfavorable situations , various power enterprises earnestly adopted effective measures to strengthen equipment management . last year there were no major equipment accident in power production nationwide .
there were 74 power grids , 127 less than the same period last year , and 427 equipment accidents , a year - on - year decrease of 132 .
south african envoy to china says there is no sign of organized criminal behavior against chinese citizens
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the south african embassy in china ( south african embassy ) is ready to further strengthen cooperation with china in the coming years , said minister conin , charge d'affaires of the south african embassy in china , in an interview with xinhua reporters on the 13th .
he also said that the south african government will do all it can to crack down on all forms of criminal activities .
he said that the south african government hopes to reduce the rate of crime to zero and hopes that every foreigners working in south africa will receive the local law and citizens ' protection of the life and property of every foreigners working in south africa .
since 2006 , four chinese citizens have been killed in south africa , and the chinese world has expressed its extensive concern about this .
the chinese foreign ministry has made representations to south africa on this matter and reminded chinese citizens in south africa to further enhance their awareness of security and prevention . the overseas chinese have strengthened their unity and friendship and cooperated with the police to crack down on criminal activities .
we express our most sincere sympathy and condolences to the families of the victims .
" we are shocked by this , but we also ask the chinese people to believe that the south african government is now seriously investigating each case involving china .
according to the chinese embassy in south africa , the south african police have successfully cracked the case of the murder of chinese woman chen jianqing in south africa on 5 february . one suspect has been arrested .
the police are now hunting for another suspect .
according to the south african embassy in china , the criminal suspects involved in the shooting of a hong kong businessman were arrested by the south african police and the property of the victim has been recovered .
speaking on the possible impact of the killing of chinese citizens , konen said that these events would indeed produce a positive impact on the trade between the two countries and on some negative impacts on the exchanges in other fields . from a long - term point of view , however , the impact should not be great .
according to the commissioner of tourism of the south african embassy , the embassy sent over 2,000 chinese tourists to the south african country in the first 15 days of this year alone .
according to chinese official statistics , south africa will continue to maintain china 's position as the biggest trading partner in africa in 2005 .
the bilateral trade volume reached $ 7.27 billion , up 23.0 percent over the same period last year .
however , people in the tourism industry believe that the successive killing of chinese citizens in 2004 has a clear impact on the number of chinese tourists visiting south africa .
according to the statistics of the south african tourism administration , the number of chinese tourists to south africa in the first half of 2005 was 20,331 , a decrease of 14.93 percent over the same period last year .
currently , there are about 200,000 chinese living in south africa , and they are spread all over the towns and villages in south africa .
analysts here believe that south africa 's gap with the rich and poor , high unemployment rate , and unchecked spread of guns are not threatened by death , and therefore the crime rate is in the high position .
because many chinese do not understand english , they have cash in their bodies and homes , and this is more likely to become the targets of criminal elements ' pursuit of money and attacks .
hk to promote english learning and training in the workplace
hong kong , february 13 ( xinhua ) the english campaign launched by the hong kong special administrative region government on february 13th launched a new campaign to raise the english standard of the workforce .
this good learning method , good english , and good life , has a major theme , including promoting english language learning and training in workplace english through a series of promotional activities , and helping employers to better understand how to help employees improve their english standards .
so far , the scheme has sponsored some 25,000 people to complete workplace english training courses , enabling them to have attained the benchmarks for workplace english in hong kong .
hong kong 's sinn english campaign is launched in 2000 by the sar government .
the key project of the campaign is to provide funding support for workplace english training .
the scheme aims to help employees who need to use english in their work , to receive training and to attend designated international business english examinations , to meet the workplace english standards required for their respective categories of work .
the aids inspection and testing system in hebei has adopted free voluntary security
shijiazhuang , february 14 ( xinhua ) the hebei provincial health department recently issued a " voluntary consultation and inspection work plan for aids prevention " ( trial implementation ) , which clearly stipulates that free kitty check will be issued to all hiv tests , hoping to detect aids infected people and patients as much as possible . it further implemented the interventionist measures and expectations of further implementing the intervention measures and the policy of keeping the patient on bag with the rest of the country .
the " plan " has clearly defined the principles of hebei province 's voluntary consultation and testing of aids and aids : free screening and consultation for aids resistance , voluntary and informed consent for aids antibody testing and consultation , and the monitoring and consultation and keeping of aids antibody , without giving an assessment to the relevant behavior of the aids patients , and protecting the legitimate rights and interests of hiv - infected and aids patients , and providing them with appropriate follow - up services .
the " program " requires that aids consultation and testing centers should be located at convenient locations to advisers . to protect the privacy of the consulting personnel , there should be a single room for one - to - one consultation .
the choices of the advisers have fully taken into consideration the need to bear responsibility for personal quality , knowledge face , and exchange capability .
to protect the privacy of the consulting , the inspection and verification invoices can be registered with the code or number .
the " plan " also requires that the health administration departments at and above the county level publish in the main local media the list of medical and health institutions that undertake voluntary free screening and testing services for aids , and telephone hotlines to facilitate the masses to understand relevant information .
the ministry of public security still has a focus on extorting confessions by torture
beijing , february 14 ( xinhua ) the ministry of public security ( mps ) has decided to implement the " code of conduct " in the wake of the country 's external environment , said zheng baigang , deputy director of the police bureau of the ministry of public security , at a press conference held by the ministry of public security on the 14th .
the focus of the work of the supervisory departments is also to prevent the occurrence of these problems .
he also pointed out that some international organizations have different understandings of the chinese police law enforcement situation , and they are not completely restrained .
the latest information provided by the ministry of public security on 14 june shows that in 2002 , the ministry of public security issued in 2004 " regulations on putting on record the reserved measures of public security organs " and " stipulations on applying continuing interrogations by public security organs . " this has ensured that the public security organs at the grassroots level can apply the measures for keeping interrogations in accordance with the law .
since 1997 , in order to deepen the three items of management ( the curing of torture for curing misuse of guns for control and the abuse of coercive measures ) , public security organs ' inspectors of the national public security organs persisted in holding on the line of patrol police , the police patrol , the traffic police force , and public security supervision and control sites for law enforcement on the law enforcement site , while checking the public security organs ' security and checking on the clicking
in order to prevent law enforcement from the source , the police inspectors have further extended their antennae to strengthen their supervision over law enforcement , calling for calls , asking them to inquire about the situation , and counting the total number of prosecutors involved in cases involving suspected cases of misappropriating public security personnel and robbing motor vehicle information , etc. , and other law enforcement links , including the investigation of the information of law enforcement personnel who took charge of handling public security penalty and robbing
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) sun yun - hsuan died of illness in taipei
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the taiwan straits exchange foundation ( sef ) has been established by the mainland and taiwan as an international financial centre for economic cooperation and trade , according to a report from taipei on the morning of february 15 .
sun yun - hsuan was born on 11 november 1913 in penglai , shandong , and graduated from the department of electrical machinery of harbin industrial university .
it was a member of the 10 th to 13 th cpc central committee and a member of the standing committee of the 12 th cpc central committee , and the presidium of the 14 th central committee 's evaluation committee , and member of the 15 th central committee 's appraisal committee .
in the past , taiwan minister of transportation , and dr rict , former executive director of taiwan 's transportation department , attended the ceremony of managing director of the executive yuan , while others were on duty .
heilongjiang promotes environmental impact assessment and countermeasures for songhua river water pollution
harbin , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to implement the plan for the development of the songhua river to prevent and control pollution , said a senior official with the provincial government of the songhua river .
the reporter learned from the heilongjiang provincial bureau of environmental protection that the songhua river pollution incident , which was organized and organized by the state administration of environmental protection , was divided into 15 special topics , divided into one evaluation and countermeasures for emergency environmental assessment and countermeasures , divided into four major assessments on the ecology and assessment of the ecology and the comprehensive evaluation of the control of health of the human body , and the three specific time arrangements for completing the specific time of three stages .
currently , there are a total of more than 60 scientific research institutes in heilongjiang province , with more than 60 people engaged in 14 technical research projects .
it is reported that environmental protection departments and relevant scientific research institutions will focus on five topics for research on emergency environmental assessment and countermeasures for emergencies , in an effort to first solve environmental problems that the masses are most concerned about .
these include the control of the concentration of major fault pollutants and the forecast of the air pollution from the songhua river to the safety of drinking water on the songhua river , assessment of the impact of the scattered water collection and the ground and the ground below , and evaluating the impact of the impact of the study of the laws of the emergency ambulance and disintegration of pollutants left and the amored amidst the songjiang river
the environmental protection department of heilongjiang province will intensify environmental monitoring along the songhua river and seriously investigate and deal with environmental pollution incidents that cause serious pollution caused by illegal discharge of pollutants and illegal construction .
heilongjiang will send environmental law enforcement personnel to supervise and guide various localities in launching comprehensive environmental improvement in the small valley , improving the situation of the amur river , the yangzi river , and other sub - rivers .
beijing university 's memorial hall to academician wang xuan
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the united states and china have decided to set up a national university in beijing on february 15 after a few days of intense preparations , said wang xuejun , an academician at the conference hall of the centennial anniversary of beijing university .
at 08:00 hours , the hall was not open yet . several dozen people outside the gate lined up for a long line .
this reporter saw at the hall of the memorial hall to mark the centennial of the beijing university : a dark horizontal wall on the wall of the hall is hanging around : the curt on the wall of the hall is a bitter mourning on academician wang xuan .
the below the horizon was a huge painting of wang xuan , which was more than 10 square meters . he wore glasses , smiled with his face , and had a refined air .
on both sides of the image are a few longbo trees , dozens of wreaths , and two sides of the wreath .
one of the wreaths , which started on january 15 , 2004 , kicked off the foundation of qin sheng 's glory at tang xihua , and delivered the lead map of the contemporary generation .
the hall was filled with a sad and a solemn atmosphere .
among those who mourned were leaders and teachers of beijing university , friends of wang chin - chin , together with many friends who knew each other , and many people who had not reached him with him also specially hurried to .
some of them held flowers in their hands , some held flower baskets , and each of them held a small blank in their chests to slowly walk to the remains of academician wang xuan and bow to their respects .
many people could not help but shed their tears .
the former director of the state administration of cultural relics , zhang wenbin , was a senior alumnus at beijing university . he told the reporter that he was still working in henan province more than 10 years ago . he asked professor wang xuezhi to give a report on scientific and technological innovation to the provincial party committee cadres .
the name of the emperor king xue is the good example of our learning for us , and he has made important contributions to the country and society , and the people will never forget him .
jin ruilin , a professor at the beijing university law school , and wang ruilin , a veteran neighbor who has been elected by wang for more than 40 years ,
he was just discharged a few days ago and insisted on saying goodbye to his old friend today .
mr. kim wrote on the book that he could not control his pessimistic wounds and took the blood of his tears with paper on many occasions .
he told the reporter that professor wang chose a very thrifty life , while he was staying at tong fuyuan , he was already professor , and he had already made very high achievements , but he still lived in a very small flat for many years .
later he moved to the chengzai garden and lived in a place of 70 to 80 square meters for more than 10 years .
beijing university gave him a university entrance - 140 square meter big house in the blue flag camp . he did not want it , and the high - level housing provided by fangzheng building did not want to be built with a blue house .
mr. jin recalled with deep feeling that wang xuan provided a very high treatment abroad during his foreign visit , but he resolutely thanked him for his decision .
in early stage , he insisted that he did not apply for academician . after repeated mobilization by mr. zhou peiyuan , he went to fill in the table .
mr jp jin was deeply moved by wang xuan 's attitude on cultivating young people , while he emphasized on many occasions that he still has some achievements , not to look at me himself , but to nurture young people .
mr. jin said , at the age of 50 , wang xuan started to pay attention to cultivating young people . he always stressed that we should pave the way and be willing to serve as a human ladder and give way to young people .
this is a very successful scientist . it 's not easy to use the spotlight .
the reporter learned from the beijing university press center that from 09:00 on 15 february to 12:00 noon on 19 february , wang xuan 's memorial hall will be open to the public from 0900 to 1200 every day to provide mourning for people from all walks of life .
the united states has been known for its role in the international competition of modern era , while the national cppcc deputy chairman , china academy of sciences academician wang xuan , the third academician of the chinese academy of sciences , was elected at the third world academy of engineering . wang xuan , a doctor at beijing university , died of illness at the age of 70 at 11:33 on 13 february at beijing union hospital due to illness .
npc , chilean parliament exchange mechanism established
wu bangguo attended the signing ceremony and signed the agreement .
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) li peng , chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) , attended a meeting of the signing ceremony of the agreement on political dialogue between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament in the great hall of the people on the afternoon of 15 february . he signed the agreement .
the mechanism for exchanges between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament was formally established .
it is reported that romeo , president of the senate of the chilean parliament , and arseno , president of the house of representatives , recently signed the agreement in santiago , the capital of chile .
according to the agreement , the two sides will establish a joint committee of the chinese national people 's congress and the chilean parliament on political dialogue in accordance with the principles set forth in the sino - chilean communique on the establishment of diplomatic relations , and the two sides will set up a dialogue committee on a rotating basis to jointly promote the comprehensive development of bilateral relations .
chilean ambassador to china kafarula attended the signing ceremony .
china to promulgate regulations on protection of information network
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the government of the people 's republic of china ( prc ) has decided to release more than 100 news reports from newspapers and magazines , but many of them have not been authorized and have not paid for the fees . wang ziqiang , director of the copyright department of the state copyright bureau , said at a press conference held by the information office of the state council on 15 february that the state council will issue the information and communication protection regulations on the internet .
wang ziqiang said : according to the current legal provisions , the works already published in newspapers and periodicals can be published in bulk news without making a statement on the author 's usability of the newspaper , without the consent of the author , and at the same time , they have to pay remuneration . the state copyright bureau has specially formulated the standard for reprinting newspapers and periodicals in accordance with the law .
however , according to the existing law , the newspaper and periodical publishing house enjoys this kind of statutory license right . at present , the internet does not enjoy this kind of statutory right of licensing .
according to relevant judicial interpretations of the supreme people 's court , the method of using statutory permissions in newspaper and periodical reprinting can be applied to the internet . short articles published on the internet can be published on the internet . without having made a statement that it cannot use the internet , it can not be used without permission , but at the same time , pay remuneration .
however , as judicial interpretations do not set any rules on remuneration , there is no price to pay for using these works on the internet in reality .
the release of the short works on the internet is applicable to statutory permission and requires the application of the law .
wang ziqiang said : whether or not it can be included in the scope determined by law , and whether or not the regulations on protecting the dissemination of information network , which are to be promulgated this year , are still confirmed .
russian military says georgia 's parliament resolution not to affect russian peacekeeping operations
moscow , february 15 ( xinhua ) the russian defense ministry is ready to further strengthen cooperation with the european union ( eu ) on the issue of the russian peacekeeping force in the near future , a press official of the russian defense ministry said here today
the russian state duma ( lower house ) and the cis commission chairman korshin made a statement on the same day on the georgian parliament 's resolution on russian peacekeeping forces , pointing out that this resolution of the georgian side will undermine stability in the region and will have an unfavorable impact on russian - georgian relations .
he stressed that the resolution of the georgian parliament has further worsened relations between russia and georgia .
he said : the accusations made by the georgian side against russia are absurd .
the georgian parliament adopted a resolution on the same day , demanding that the russian peacekeeping force stop its peacekeeping operations in the south ossetia , but the specific time limit for the withdrawal of russian peacekeeping forces was not set .
the georgian parliament accused russian peacekeepers of not fulfilling their obligations and regarded russian actions in the conflict - areas as attempting to swallow the territory of georgia .
the georgian parliament has urged the government to take positive action to consider sending international peacekeeping forces to the conflict - ravaged region to replace the peacekeeping operations currently carried out by russia in the region .
the georgian parliament also instructed the government to revise and determine the relevant agreements on russian peacekeepers entering the conflict - stricken areas .
the south ossetia steck is a georgian autonomous state , bordering on the republic of russia 's north ossetia .
after the disintegration of the former soviet union , it declared independence and had long been in confrontation with the georgian central government .
at present , russia has a 500 - member peacekeeping battalion in the region .
the unit was built in accordance with the 1992 russia 's north ossetia rickshaw in northern georgia .
four people responsible for the fire at liaoyuan hospital will be charged with the crime of major responsibility
changchun , february 16 ( xinhua ) the jilin provincial government has decided to cut the number of people who died in the fire after the fire broke out in the central hospital of liaoyuan city , jilin province , said the official
on december 15 , 2005 , the largest hospital in liaoyuan city -- liaoxin center hospital fire , which left 39 people dead .
in this fire , the area of fire was over 5,000 square meters .
it is understood that this is the first major accident in the medical and health system in the country since the founding of new china .
according to investigations , at about 1630 on the day of the incident , the liaoyuan city hospital suddenly stopped power . according to the design of the hospital 's circuits , if the power outage and the switch box electrical gates were to automatically jump into the sluice gate to continue to maintain the normal power supply in the hospital , the electrical gates were not automatically cut at that time , and the power squad leader zhang diankun , without finding out the
the underground cables , which had emitted smoke at that time , were entangled together with a dozen or so cables , which were imminent , and should be put up in a very neat manner like this , and fire prevention layers should be set up .
therefore , the 57 - year - old leader of the electrical installation team of the zhongyuan textile company , zhao yongchun , a retired cadre ( senior engineer ) of the liaoyuan electrical industry bureau , returned to the employment of jin chengtai three , a worker who retired from the liaoyuan city hospital , to take up employment after retirement from the workers and staff member of the liaoyuan city hospital , and was also charged for the crime of major responsibility accident .
china 's first tour to guizhou to be held in tianlong , tuen mun
guiyang , february 16 ( xinhua ) guiyang city of pingba county , guizhou province , has a population of 1.9 million people , including a man and a woman , who are on a holiday mourning smiles , in the morning of 16 february .
at 10 : 30 am , after the year of the five - gu chess activity , the 80 - year - old old old village old zheng peiguqin , wearing a green long shirt , sounded the first kick of the first tour of guizhou , a chinese village tourism .
the village is one of the typical representatives of the rural tourism development in guizhou and the national village tourism demonstration sites .
as a member of the rear of the tuen mun army during the ming dynasty 's flood season , the taibao people have spent more than 600 years on their journey .
here , people can see wearing large - length long - sleeved blue long - sleeved robes , ancient han culture and costumes are preserved in the village of tam burg .
it is understood that the " red chamber " in tianlong village has developed cultural tourism by relying on this cultural tradition advantage . in 2005 alone , the income from its admission tickets will reach 3.8 - million yuan . in the village , 477 percent of the peasant households have sold tourism products and other tourism products through catering and transportation in 2005 . the average income of peasants has increased from more than 1,300 yuan in 2002 to 2640 yuan in 2005 .
yang shengming , director of the guizhou provincial tourism administration , said that following the first tour of tianlong and tuen , the new experience of traveling on new countryside , new experience of new customs , new wind , still on the theme of new hammers , will reach 35 various rural tourism activities launched in various parts of guizhou this year .
so far , guizhou has more than 130 villages and villages that have launched various rural tourism projects . by 2005 , more than 600,000 peasant households in the province have extricated themselves from poverty through developing tourism .
in january , housing prices in 70 cities across the country increased 5.5 percent , and housing prices in shanghai continued to decline .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the national government had decided to cut the price of housing in 70 large and medium - sized cities across the country by 5.5 percent in january , down 0.7 percentage points from the previous month .
shanghai 's housing prices continued to decline .
the national development and reform commission , the state statistical bureau , released on 16 november , shows that most of the 70 large and medium - sized cities ' housing prices have risen slightly in january compared with the same period last year , with the rate of increase of more than 10 percent in the same month last year , while shanghai 's housing sales prices have continued to decline by a small margin , a decrease of 0.4 percent over the same period last year .
the same period of last year saw a rise of 23.3 percent in the prices of housing in shanghai , and a change was seen in the second half of last year , according to statistics released by the department .
in january this year , the prices of newly - built commercial housing in 70 large and medium - sized cities increased 6.9 percent , 0.2 percentage points lower than that of last month .
new homes for new homes are expected to increase by a relatively high rate of increase , while the city of dalian , 18 999 percent , and haote 14.770 percent , shenzhen 10.07 percent , the figure of chengdu , 9.1 percent in beijing , 8.4 percent , and shanghai has dropped by 3.1 percent compared with the same period last year .
the central organization department has called for further intensifying supervision over the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres and cadres .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the central organization department recently issued and distributed opinions on strengthening cadre supervision .
the " opinions " urged organization departments at all levels to proceed from strict management and concern for cadres , infuse cadre training and education with the selection and appointment of cadres in various links pertaining to day management , and establish and perfect a supervisory mechanism that reinforces prevention and redress in a timely fashion , and earnestly strengthen supervision over leading cadres and the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres .
the opinion points out that the main task of supervision over cadres in organization departments is to , first , supervise leading bodies and leading cadres , with the focus on strengthening supervision over principal responsible persons of leading bodies , and second , supervise the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres of party and government organizations , with the focus on supervising and inspecting the implementation of the " regulations on selecting and appointing leading cadres of the party and government . "
in exercising supervision over leading bodies and leading cadres , the opinion points out that it is necessary to persistently do a good job in conducting education in ideals and convictions and education in combating corruption and promoting clean government , and to make education run through the training , selection , and management of cadres ; guide and supervise leading cadres in strengthening the cultivation of party spirit ; persist in building the party for the public to govern for the people ; and build a strong ideological and moral defense line against corruption and degeneration .
the newly promoted cadres should be promoted in a clear - cut manner in terms of honesty and self - discipline .
we should supervise leading bodies at all levels to adhere to democratic centralism , establish and improve rules and procedures for making decisions while making decisions , and conscientiously implement systems that combine collective leadership with individual responsibility in the division of labor .
we should lay stress on supervising the principal responsible persons of leading bodies and on the need to regularly contact the responsible persons of organizational ( personnel ) departments to understand their thinking , muddle talks , and style of work .
we should establish and improve a system of day - to - day management and supervision of leading cadres , regularly understand and analyze the ideological and work style of the contingent of leading cadres , and put forward opinions and measures for resolving problems .
the practice of a system of admonitory talk and written inquiry among leading cadres , where problems are found , and where admonitory talks or letters are held in a timely manner .
we should seriously deal with the conspicuous problems that have been reported by the masses , seriously investigate and find out , and criticize and educate those who have encountered problems on the basis of the circumstances , and deal with those who have violated discipline and violated the law , while clarifying those leading cadres who have indeed not been found to have problems through investigation .
at the same time , strengthening supervision and encouraging cadres to boldly explore and blaze new trails , and paying attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the opinions require that organization ( personnel ) departments at all levels effectively strengthen supervision over the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres of the party and government .
we should further improve the method of recommending candidates for appointment and check up on the decisions made in the examination of cadres , and strictly control the selection and appointment of cadres in order to make sure that they can move forward in their work , and that they can make up the confidence of the masses on the track of having a satisfactory performance on matters on their work , and provide effective guarantees for selecting and promoting cadres at all levels who have reached the ability to win the trust of the masses .
we should strengthen the inspection of the implementation of the regulations on appointing cadres , seriously investigate and deal with acts in violation of the regulations on appointing cadres , and resolutely curb unhealthy trends and corrupt phenomena in the use of personnel .
the government should supervise and investigate cases of serious violations of the law and intensify supervision , handling , and investigation .
establish and perfect a system for investigating and affixing responsibility for the work of selecting and appointing cadres ; and scientifically define the responsibilities of the main body responsible for various links in the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres in accordance with the principle of consistency between powers and responsibilities , clearly define the method of holding accountable , and increase the intensity of investigation .
give full play to the role of supervision by the masses , establish and perfect a mechanism of providing convenient information for users , and establish a mechanism of making available information for information .
we should give play to the role of public opinion supervision and report to the media at appropriate times the relevant situation in the work of selecting and appointing cadres and accept supervision by public opinion .
the opinion points out that it is necessary to further improve the mechanism for coordinating and coordinating cadre supervision work .
organization ( personnel ) departments should strengthen their cooperation with discipline inspection organs , establish a mechanism for coordination with discipline inspection organs on the work of improving party style and promoting honest government among relevant cadres , and enhance their joint supervisory force .
and work with discipline inspection organs to do a good job in inspection work , improve inspection methods , improve the inspection system , and improve the quality of inspection .
in conjunction with auditing organs , the system of auditing leading cadres ' economic responsibilities has been conscientiously implemented .
we should improve the internal supervision mechanism for the work of selecting and appointing cadres in organization departments .
taiwan authorities ' use of illegal investment in mainland china as excuse to impose heavy penalties on high - tech leading enterprises
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the taiwan authorities ' economic affairs department decided on the 15th to punish taiwan 's chijing chien chien - hua electronics shareholding company limited ( short for short , the new nt $ 5 million , on the grounds that it provides for nt $ 1.00 against regulations to assist taiwan 's purchase of the mainland 's chips and technology companies in the mainland 's chip - shaped warships .
taiwan 's chung - kuo shih - pao reported that this is chen shui - bian 's active management and effective opening up of cross - strait economic and trade policies . the taiwan authorities ' first penalty of imposing sanctions on taiwan businessmen 's investment in the mainland .
according to reports , taiwan 's economy ministry will vote for some people who said that the united microelectronics has violated the regulations governing relations between the people on both sides of the strait , and will impose rules on its procedures for investment and technological cooperation in the mainland region .
in the future , the curt will still be on the watch , and the former chairman of the united microelectronics company , cao xingcheng , and others will be punished .
the initial result of the + union electronics project started in february 2005 , the taiwan prosecutors department used up to 100 people to interrupt the joint electronic communication staff and their offices , claiming that the united microelectronics is suspected of providing illegal funds and electronic resources in the name of the warships and warships that have invested in the mainland and the science and technology that they have made investment in the mainland .
cao xingcheng , who was then chairman of the board of the united microelectronics corporation , openly indicated that the united microelectronics corporation did not violate any regulations of the taiwan authorities . the purpose of providing assistance to the company in providing the ship and ship science and technology is to maintain the long - term interest of the power company . if the united microelectronics company does not enter the mainland market as soon as possible , it will lose business opportunities .
later , the taiwan authorities ' supervisory and management committee on the financial industry dismissed the rules concerning commercial information and imposed a fine of 3 - million new taiwan dollars on the united microelectronics .
on january 9 , 2006 , the joint electronic board of directors accepted cao xingcheng 's resignation . cao xingcheng was suspected of having violated regulations in investing in the mainland .
the united microelectronics company ( taiwan 's chip electric company ) and the united microelectronics company ( ltd. ) said that taiwan 's chijing - chip is a leading hi - tech enterprise in taiwan .
over the past year , the taiwan authorities have made a series of actions to investigate the united microelectronics corporation , and this has drawn great attention from all circles in taiwan .
2 nd session of china 's confidence in macao
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the second session of my heart 's macao looser competition held in beijing on the 17th , announced that it has collected chinese from around the world as a loose sheet of macao , which is made up of my heart .
the competition was jointly sponsored by the macao foundation and the baihua literature and art publishing house , the " foreign edition of the ribbons " , and was chaired by chen jiangong , vice chairman of the chinese writers association .
in 2004 , on the fifth anniversary of macao 's return to the motherland , the first ever large - ever popular literature competition in macao has responded positively to the chinese language competition . domestic and foreign enthusiasts have actively participated in the competition . the organizing committee has received more than 8,000 entries , and more than 10 winners from home and abroad have been invited to the macao sar for awards .
the executive member of the macao foundation , wu zhiliang , said at a press conference on 17 february that last year , the historical circle of macao was listed in the world 's cultural heritage list . this not only signifies that macao 's long - term model and its recognition of the world 's world . it also means that the cultural tradition of the chinese nation and the chinese nation 's mood of different affections in the macao sar have been passed on and developed . therefore , the macao sar
wu zhiliang said : it is precisely under such a good cultural atmosphere that the macao foundation and the baihua literature and art publishing house decided to cooperate and hold the second round of the mon bull competition in my heart , in order to show the patriotic love for macao and the unique love of macao through their works . it is also a happy joyful cultural couplet and the new scene of macao sar 's peaceful and prosperous macao .
the competition , which was held on september 1 , was the first of its kind in the world , and the " foreign edition of the lotus sea " will open a column to select the works .
after the results of the selection are announced , the awards will be held in the macao sar in early 2007 .
shandong successfully implements a cardiac transplant operation
jinan , february 17 ( xinhua ) the jinan military region 's research institute of cardiovascular disease recently successfully implemented a heart transplant operation for infants .
the reporter learned from the intensive care unit on 17 february that the baby 's face was full of brain after 51 days of operation , and all monitoring and inspection indicators were normal . they passed the dangerous period of the operation in a stable and smooth manner , playing with the toys bought by medical and health care personnel .
according to the doctor who received the consultation on the same day , this girl from tai'an village in shandong was sent to the hospital by her parents . she was purple and had a breathing problem . after checking and diagnosing the diagnosis of the cyanosis congenital heart disease , she was required to undergo heart transplant .
heart transplant is the most difficult risk in heart surgery , the most complicated operation in heart surgery .
especially babies under one year old , the heart transplant operation is still in the country .
the jinan military region 's research institute of cardiovascular diseases organized experts to repeatedly demonstrate and carefully design a plan for operation and post - operation supervision , and made independent innovations in the method of coherence and carried out animal experiments .
at 8 : 00 a. m . on december 28 , 2005 , the operation formally began .
a man who was used to work for a doctor who had breathing suddenly due to the adverse congenital lung development .
the operation should coincide with six blood vessels , sewed with more than 510 needles , and the needle of each needle is less than 3 millimetres .
after 295 minutes , the operation was a complete success .
state administration of safety supervision and supervision : major and exceptionally serious accidents , such as the containment of coal mines , occur frequently this year
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) four major incidents of one hundred people and more than 100 people were reported in the mining accident , which killed over 110 people in the past year , causing heavy accidents like the containing coal mines to occur again and again , making it the top priority in the work of safety supervision nationwide this year .
the reporter learned from the state administration of production safety on 17 july that it is necessary to effectively curb the frequent occurrence of major and exceptionally serious coal mine accidents , and the most important thing is to do so .
this year , the state administration of safety and supervision will do a good job in the following three things :
mopping on , continuing to fight a tough battle with gas .
the government will try to cut back the burden on the industry this year .
if the gas mine does not implement a system that pumps out before taking away , it will order its immediate production to stop .
bulletproof continuing to fight a battle of rectifying and tackling tough problems .
we should make the 5,243 public announcements to society , and the more than 700 recently reported coal pits in various localities , one of them should be shut down and be shut down .
we should regard closing down as a regular work to continuously close down those bad coal mines that do not have safety conditions for damaging resources .
increasing the basic management of coal mine safety .
it is necessary to immediately correct the practice of " hammering a small number of small mines which have slumped in managing state - owned large mines and give guidance to the chaotic management of small mines , and establish a standardized safety management system .
in particular , it is necessary to pay attention to key state - owned coal mines and to absolutely not allow for super - intense production of quidt - rough personnel .
this year 's production safety control index requires that the number of deaths of various kinds of accidents in the whole country decreased by 3 % compared with last year , of which coal mines decreased by 3.5 % .
the exceptionally serious accident that killed more than 10 people in one accident should have dropped by 5percent , of which coal mines have dropped by 7percent .
these control targets have been assigned to all provincial - level people 's governments , and various localities are implementing them at different levels and at the grassroots level .
statistics show that in 2005 , 5986 miners were killed in coal mine accidents , a decrease of 0.77 percent compared with the same period last year .
however , the situation of the accident , which took place more than 10 people in one single incident , has risen , and the number of victims has risen 66.6 percent .
barroso calls for more cooperation in kosovo
belgrade , february 17 ( xinhua ) the government of the people 's republic of china ( eu ) today urged the international community to make more efforts to promote the development of the relations between the two countries in the future talks , said eu president jose manuel barroso here on tuesday .
barroso met with the president of the interim authority of kosovo , serdioudic , and other media on the same day . after meeting with serbia 's representative of the kosovo serbs , he said that the parties concerned in kosovo should adopt a lenient attitude and establish a democratic and multi - ethnic kosovo , and that kosovo , which respects the government 's ruling power and protects the rights and interests of ethnic minorities , is only recognized by the international community .
he also stressed that the eu commission would do its best to help kosovo 's development .
barroso also expressed his appreciation for kosovo 's current eight - point proposal on the implementation of the un - proposed standards for democratic progress in kosovo .
he said that the implementation of these standards is a key factor affecting the integration of kosovo and europe .
he also urged all serbian people in kosovo to join various kosovo organizations and work hard to realize the integration of democracy and multi - ethnic groups .
barroso arrived in the capital of kosovo on the same day for a one - day visit .
prior to this , barroso visited croatia and serbia and montenegro and he will also visit macedonia 's kitty albania and bosnia - herzegovina .
( winter olympics , stimulants ) news analysis : there is a possibility that the legend incident may not be settled without end .
turin , february 17 ( xinhua ) the incident of leather products being sent to the united states is likely to be unsettled
xinhua news agency , beijing , june 25 ,
although italy has repeatedly issued orders and said that during the turin winter olympics , athletes who used stimulants may face jail calmly , but now , judging from various situations , this situation is not likely to happen in the first time this winter olympics has a stimulant scandal , the main player in the winter crisis scandal of the russian olympic games , the two races of the russian olympic team , the miguel - migua .
the winter olympics in turin was the first ever doping scandal since its opening on 16 february . the auxiliary police exporters alted a lot of illegal drug cards .
the following day , the international olympic committee announced that it had sent leva to the winter olympics . the two winter medals she received at this winter olympics , the silver medal of the 15 - kilometer individual event , had also been stripped of .
the two international winter games have also made a decision to ban the two - year - long tournament .
the international olympic committee has always stipulated that athletes are found to be using stimulants at the olympic games and will be disqualified from participating in the games , but they are not subject to legal sanctions .
however , according to italian law , it is a criminal act for athletes to carry and use stimulants , and the judicial authorities have the right to directly arrest and investigate athletes who use stimulants and to defy the law for three months to three years .
in december last year , the ioc and the italian government , after a year - long bargaining , finally reached an agreement . both sides agreed to settle the issue of using xingdin for athletes in accordance with the italian law during the winter olympics .
with the unremitting efforts of the international olympic committee , the italian side made a concession four days before the opening of the winter olympics , promising that the police would not enter the olympic village to search the athletes ' locations during the winter olympics . however , athletes who are performing positive drug tests will still be investigated by the italian prosecutor 's office .
it is reported that the italian government supervises the turin winter olympic games , peiskantor , who has handed over to the turin prosecutor 's office the lippa stimulant incident .
however , the ioc and peter camanet have not yet confirmed the matter .
russia 's winter 2 team doctor an , medtoov , revealed at noon on 17 august that he had sent lev to return to the country .
he has served in the world anti - doping agency for many years , and chinese sports officials shi kangcheng said that once he returned to china , this matter may eventually be unable to reach the mere of the burden on him .
shi kang song said : the ioc and the italian government have made great efforts to stop the issue of anti - doping agent of the winter olympics . even if the italian procuratorial organ has really intervened in this matter , it is hard to say .
according to the previous events of italy using stimulants against its own athletes , the most important penalties imposed on the banned are merely two years of imprisonment , which is carried out by a buffer period of two years .
therefore , senior correspondent pierre of the italian anta news agency said that the possibility of leva entering the prison is mild , and most of it is a fine .
pieee also said that although the italian court could have a absence of the trial , the italian police could not possibly arrest leva abroad and take him back to prison .
if they sent leva to refuse to accept the verdict , the italian side would have no way out .
according to the comprehensive news , the new epidemic site continues to show signs of strict prevention by all countries in the world .
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the bird flu has spread further in the african continent , according to a report by xinhua news agency .
the world health organization confirmed on the 17th that three areas in egypt have found bird flu deaths .
in europe , france has also discovered for the first time a five - type bird flu virus , while european continent has been highly vigilant against it and strengthened prevention measures .
the world health organization 's east mediterranean region advisor , hassan bush , told the press on 17 april that currently in the region of mesa in central egypt , cairo in cairo , cairo in cairo , and in the south - south minya region , a bird - like - virus has been found in the three regions of egypt , and relevant departments of the egyptian government have begun slaughtering suspected poultry infected with avian flu .
the experts pointed out that egypt is the important channel for migratory birds from the middle east and north africa , and the possibility of migrating avian flu viruses by migratory birds is very great .
egypt has announced the ban on importing live birds from abroad and strengthened quarantine at border ports .
the cameroon - based farm , which has been closed for the past week , has left more than 800 chickens dead , according to the official .
cameroon has decided to suspend imports of all poultry and pork from nigeria , where the avian flu outbreak has occurred , and to suspend imports of poultry and related products from all markets along the border of the two countries .
the government of cameroon has also set up a surveillance network covering the entire region within a short period of time , and the country 's bashir center and the national veterinary laboratory are in an emergency awaiting state , so that they can carry out laboratory tests on the whole - type virus of the country at any time .
in europe , denmark and sweden , the epidemic was initially eliminated on 17 july .
the veterinary research institute of sweden issued a survey on the dead swans found this wednesday , indicating that swedish geese has not been infected with the avian flu virus .
the preliminary laboratory test results of the denmark national veterinary administration also showed that 30 dead swans were not infected with the avian flu virus .
but the agriculture department said denmark could not take it lightly .
romania , eastern europe , has had nine bird flu spots since the beginning of this year , who experts said in bucharest on the 17th that bird flu has occurred in almost all parts of the danube delta region and that it must be treated seriously , and that romania may continue to be threatened by avian influenza in the next three or five years .
in asia , the government has taken all necessary measures to prevent avian flu .
the government 's livestock services bureau has provided relevant officials with books on avian influenza prevention and has also organized training for poultry rearing personnel .
( selected newspaper clippings ) china 's first blood information management system completed in zhejiang
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the first blood sharing data management and control network in china has been officially completed and put into operation recently , according to the blood information center of zhejiang province .
a relevant person in the blood center of zhejiang province said that this means that any citizen will be able to dig a blood donation donation in any county ( city of lun district ) in zhejiang province in the future when he donates blood for free . there will be a record of blood donations . when the blood records of the blood - donated blood records of the past year , the records of the blood donated by the people will be shown immediately whether or not the blood records
the responsible person further explained that if the relevant code records are entered , the system shows that the insolvency has not yet arrived , then it will indicate that the person who has not been given the blood donation .
this will not only protect the health of the donors themselves , but also protect the health and safety of the people who use blood .
in addition , blood transfusion is preferred to the blood donor and his relatives when the blood is strained , and if you have the right to use the blood , you can immediately show the blood donor 's information , which is quite convenient .
according to a report in the hangzhou " today morning post , " at present , this information system has been put into use in all 36 blood collection and supply organizations in the province . the blood resources of all blood collection and supply organizations in the province can also be shown in real time and data sharing across the province has been shared .
to prevent another mountain landslide , 11 villages in the philippines to evacuate urgently
manila , february 18 ( xinhua ) the government of the philippines has decided to implement a plan to prevent the recurrence of a landslide in 11 villages in the eastern philippines , local officials said on february 18 .
" we are very concerned about the situation in the south , " said roman russeri , a south - leitt official , who said on the same day that the village is located in the same region with the villages that have a landslide on the 17th .
the evacuated residents of 11 villages will be placed in seven evacuated centers .
lyas said : the government yesterday ordered residents to leave , and today , another person was sent to inspect these villages because some people did not want to leave their homes .
the landslide incident on the 17th occurred at the scene of a mountain villa in saint bell sodium town in southern rhild province . the soil and rocks were buried in the entire village from the television picture , and only several roof were seen .
because of the very solid soil and the humidity of the soil , people who are buried below are very insignificant hopes for surviving .
so far 109 people have been found dead and 57 others have been rescued .
it is estimated that the number of deaths caused by the accident may reach as many as 1,800 .
fujian reports on overseas chinese , chinese communities in southern fujian , quanzhou , january 5
fuzhou , february 19 ( xinhua ) the city 's foreign trade volume continued to grow at a high rate in january , according to the latest statistics released by the national bureau of statistics ( nbs ) .
according to customs statistics , in january , quanzhou achieved $ 330 million in exports , the best record in history , up 35.2 percent over the same period last year , and higher than the average growth level of the province .
according to analysis by the quanzhou city foreign economic and trade bureau , the reason that quanzhou 's foreign trade could grow rapidly in january was mainly due to the high export enthusiasm of enterprises due to the multiple measures of supporting foreign trade services in quanzhou , the active economic operations in quanzhou , the strong business confidence of enterprises , and the highly efficient and unimpeded foreign trade development environment .
