the cause of the death of banda bopar has been stolen
london , april 6 , 2007
the london daily newspaper said that two secret ballots of princess diana 's death in paris in 1997 were shot down by the former metropolitan police chief 's office .
the theft triggered a strong speculation , and the computer could have a computer that had a " blanket " of the former metropolitan police chief jose stevenson , the newspaper said .
however , a metropolitan police station spokesman said that there was no sensitive information in the computer or any information related to the investigation .
sir stokoe is the head of the northovian police agency , and his office is located in the area of the new hamburg of thailand .
the report said that the nissanbiya police station had been investigating two cases of theft in the past 10 days .
a fire broke out at the weekend between january 28 and 29 , and all the computers and cash were taken away , and the second case occurred last week without any loss .
the namibian police also said there was no evidence to show that the two theft cases and the work of sir stokotti van jr .
he has been investigating the death of princess wright wright , who has directly caused the car crash .
the royal corpse 's corpse , bjas , ordered in 2004 to continue to investigate the relevant evidence .
princess diana was admitted to the paris tunnel on august 31 , 1997 and was killed by a train crash with her at that time .
after two years of investigation , the french police found that the cause of the fast driving was caused by the drunk driving and the use of drugs , resulting in the loss of control of the car and a tragedy .
sri lanka 's warring parties agree to hold talks in geneva in late may
afp , lisbon , 7 th .
the process of peace mediation between sri lanka and the united states has been agreed to start negotiations in geneva on the 22 nd of this month to resolve the dispute between the parties over the long - term racial bloodshed , which has been stagnant for three years , said norway , who is the hostess of the peace process .
norwegian peace envoy solheim and tanmitri al-rushah , negotiating representative of the tanjuan liberation tigers in london , achieved this breakthrough after meeting with barashan .
the norwegian embassy said in a statement that the sri lanka conflict was caused by the sri lankan government and the tigers of the liberation of tanjuan , demanding that the norwegian government assist in the negotiations on february 22 in geneva .
the two - day talks will focus on how to strengthen the cease - fire agreement that came into effect on 23 february 2002 , and this agreement has never been fully observed by both sides .
the norwegian embassy said that the two sides will discuss how to improve and implement the cease - fire agreement , which is the first time that the two sides have engaged in face - to - face negotiations on such a high level in three years .
solheim said that he will lead the norwegian team to participate in the negotiations , and four representatives of the liberation tigers of tamil eelam are led by barashan , while the sri lankan government is led by health minister .
he said : this is a banner leading to peace . but , an important step , the process of negotiations is expected to be arduous .
the first attack on the sri lankan racial conflict was held in japan in march 2003 , but the negotiations were not successful .
du lin 's winter olympics unveils north - south korea team and join hands in the opening ceremony
afp , duliu , italy , 10 th .
the 20th winter olympic games opened in du lin today . the two sides became enemies during the cold war . representatives of the two sides held a ceremony in which they joined hands in the opening ceremony .
south korean women 's skating competitor li baola and north korean male skating competitor han jen were respectively the palm - head officials of the two countries ' representative teams , leading north korean ice athletes to enter the winter olympic games hall .
this is the first time south korea and north korea have sent a team to the olympic games to join hands in the winter olympics .
to reflect the good situation of reconciliation and unity between the two sides in recent years , the olympic games in sydney in 2000 and the summer olympics in athens in 2004 were both in attendance by the representatives of south korea and north korea .
north korea has not taken part in the 19th winter olympic games in salt lake city , the united states .
the korean peninsula was split into the capitalist south korean and communist north korea in 1948 , and the two sides held a korean war from 1950 to 1953 .
north korea 's leader held a summit of peace in 2000 , during which bilateral relations improved .
according to tradition , the greek delegation is the first country to enter the competition , and the south korea is the 22 th north korean court , the 23 rd north korean admission .
the landlord , the national yi - yi representative , is the last country to enter the stadium . when the yi tai - li team entered the stadium , the warm cheers and applause from the crowd immediately sounded .
hovman was so delighted that he had a good time to come to the fore .
new york , april 16 , 2007
it is generally recognized that he is the most hopeful of winning this year 's oscar , the yan emperor : the male lead actor of moguomoli , who is known as the cold blood , the philippines ' moguhman , reveals that he had been unable to extricate himself from drugs and wine when he was little a little nice , and fortunately later he was able to successfully open the summit of his performing arts .
in an interview with cbs news magazine 60 minutes , holman said that the interview was " a good thing " for the time being to get drugs and wine .
he was only 20 , and just got a graduate from the drama department of the new york university , and entered a splendid society . everyday , he was quickly rotating , and finally turned to his head unconscious , and lost control .
he was a laser when he was 22 years old and extorted alcohol and drug - taking habits . that was the most panic period in his life .
the upcoming olympic games in oscar will be held next month , with the inscription of the role of american author korodi , the bell of cold blood , which is regarded as the best male lead prize .
before this , his superb skill had long been affirmed and had already been affirmed by many award winners , including the best male lead prize .
the 38 - year - old actor said during the interview that if he had not resolved to remove the bad habit before becoming famous , he might not have been nominated by oscar .
he said he admired those young people who were 19 years old and suddenly became rich .
bird flu trails around europe 's nairobi and liberia
brussels , 16 feb ( afp )
the bird flu virus has been found in europe , causing people 's anxiety .
eu executive committee approves the establishment of a dilapidated region control , including all the areas of the discovery of viruses in its management , and forbid all the biosecurity of birds .
the two men were killed in a deadly virus which occurred in nigeria on the eighth day , and the epidemic continued to expand to more farms , showing that the virus has crossed the northern niger .
egypt is investigating a chicken farm in the south , which was killed by a group of chickens , which is fearing that the virus could continue to spread .
the poultry market in europe is affected by the virus , and the big decline is a big sign . the european commission stressed that there is no reason to panic .
the executive committee is responsible for the health and food safety council , gilino , who said that people are understandable about this matter , but there is no need for a excessive reaction .
following the previously stipulated virus discovery sites , the three - kilometer surrounding protection areas and 10 - km alert zone , the eu executive committee has also introduced new regulations , which list all the viruses in the eu as the buffer zone .
a person in charge of the eu who declined to be named pointed out that everyone was nervous and that they were handling all the news from all parts of europe every day and evening , suspected that the epidemic had already broken out .
so far , austria has a total of seven european countries , including austria 's tujia germany , its sister province , poland , and russia 's territorial waters in europe .
romania discovered the 31 st case on the 16 th , while slovenia 's ruugen island , germany , was also found to have new cases .
the southern part of italy was found in two ducks , the first bird flu virus in europe , outside the wild geese , which has infected the virus no. 1 virus .
the most worrying thing for eu officials is the migratory birds that will soon fly back from africa .
the nigerian government is stepping up its efforts to prevent the spread of the virus to humans in the african continent .
the government of nigeria announced that all poultry farms in the five - kilometer area near the infected farms , no matter whether they are threatened by the virus , will be destroyed .
the government of neighboring niger has announced that the whole country has entered a state of alert , and has allocated $ 4 million in emergency plans to monitor the nairobi border .
the newly established national emergency committee said that they have received notification that , under the cover of the two countries ' scattering border , malia , and viral income of nearly 400 birds .
china electronics bank to set new regulations on business management
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to set up a national banking regulatory commission ( cbrc ) in the next five years to further improve the management of the business of electronic banks , said a chinese bank official here on tuesday .
a spokesman for the china banking regulatory commission said that according to the regulations of the management procedures , the methods of examination and approval by foreign financial institutions basically remain unchanged , that is , after foreign bank branches are permitted to open on - line banking business , if new types of business of online banking are required , the main report bank of the branch should be submitted and examined in a unified way in china .
to standardize the commercial banks ' use of the internet to develop their banking business , the people 's bank of china formulated and promulgated the " interim procedures on managing online banking business " in june 2001 .
a spokesman for the china banking regulatory commission said that with the continuous development of the e - banking business of commercial banks , the interim procedures cannot meet the requirements of the regulation of risks for electronic banks .
according to a spokesperson for the china banking regulatory commission , the cbrc has a clear idea of the qualifications of the safety assessment organizations , and the administrative licensing system is different from the nature of industrial entry or enterprise entry . it is not a necessary condition for assessing the institutions to conduct an electronic banking safety evaluation business . it is only a reference for financial institutions in selecting the evaluation organizations .
as long as the safety assessment organization meets the relevant requirements and requirements , even if it is not determined by the financial regulatory commission , the financial institution may also hire a person to conduct an electronic banking security evaluation , but it should be managed in accordance with the relevant regulations .
the " procedures for managing e - banking business " consist of nine chapters , which are divided into five categories , namely , general application , exchange of data on risk management , and foreign packing business management , which is the management of outsourced management operations , and so on .
the " guidelines on assessing the security of electronic banks " consists of five chapters and 57 items , which are divided into five sections : general evaluation of safety of institutions for evaluating safety and implementation of safety evaluation activities .
the book " mao zedong , zhou enqi , liu shaoqi , deng xiaoping , and chen yun on investigation and study " was published and distributed
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the " selected works of mao zedong , zhou enlai , zhu shaoqi , deng xiaoping , and chen yun " , compiled by the central party literature research center , have been published and distributed by the central party literature publishing house .
conduct investigations and studies in depth with the actual conditions , and persistently integrate theory with practice , so that a correct line , principles , and policies are the basic experiences and basic work methods of the cpc in leading the building of revolutionary ranks and army building .
mao zedong 's yun zhou enqi , liu shaogi , zhu wenyun , and other revolutionaries of the older generation , including deng xiaoping , made many important and brilliant expositions on the issue of investigation and study and often went deep down to the grass roots to personally conduct social surveys and write many investigation reports .
their practice and results in conducting investigations and studies are of great significance to guiding the cause of the party and the people to develop along a correct road .
the book " mao zedong , zhou enqi , liu shaoqi , deng xiaoping , and chen yun " was divided into three parts : the first part was the expositions of mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation on investigation and study , the second part was a collection of the articles of the older generation of mao zedong and other revolutionaries on investigation and study , and the third part was the three investigation groups dispatched by mao zedong in the early 1960 s and the early 1960 s
most of these reports were published for the first time .
in addition , two articles on the " three stresses " education conducted by central leaders in the 1950 s and 1960 s .
russia reiterates adherence to one - china policy
moscow , february 6 ( xinhua ) russian deputy foreign minister alekseyev said here today that the russian government adheres to the one - china policy , and will continue to support china 's efforts to safeguard its national sovereignty and territorial integrity .
alekseyev said that the russian side noticed that chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence .
the russian government has consistently upheld the one - china principle and firmly supported china 's efforts to realize the great cause of national reunification .
last year , the chinese npc passed the anti - secession law . russia took the lead in publicly expressing its support .
alekseyev said that the russian foreign ministry will issue a statement as soon as possible , reiterating its one - china stand and opposing taiwan independence .
china , japan to win over three million u.s. dollars in two days
johannesburg , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese association of overseas chinese lin yixing , a native of fuqing , fujian province , was attacked by local militants in the bar he operated in the early morning of the 5th local time . the rescue work was ineffective in the early morning of the 6th in the south african capital of burundi .
according to feng yang , president of the chinese association of liberalized states , the incident occurred in welkamme , a restaurant in welkamme , more than 130 kilometers northwest of burundi .
the shopkeeper , mr lam yixing , picked up the items inside the bar room and was preparing to end the day of business .
at this time , there were three customers in the shop , one of whom took out a pistol and rushed into the platform to carry out robbery .
lin yixing , 40 , was fighting the lawless elements . the robbers opened a gun to lin yixing and fled after the attack .
the local people who rushed to the scene upon learning of the news sent lin yixing to the hospital for treatment . because of the culex of blood lineage that was filled with all of lin yixing 's body , blood was not stop , at around 3:30 on 6 february .
on 6 february , xu desheng , chinese consulate general in jose , a consular affairs council member of the chinese embassy in jose wu defu , and lin changming , vice chairman of the south african association of fellow villagers , rushed to burundi to help the family of the deceased deal with the aftermath of the accident .
mr lam became the first person who was shot by the robbers within 36 hours and was also the first chinese person killed in south africa since the beginning of this year .
( newspaper clippings ) shanghai : part - time workers and graduates of institutions of higher learning become the main force of hourly workers
beijing , february 7 ( xinhua ) shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau issued the latest guidance price for wages of workers in 2006 , which is 120 , an increase of 11 over the previous year , and the increase of wages of original posts is somewhat as some as the decrease .
according to a relevant expert of the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau , currently there are over 1 million employees in shanghai .
according to a report in the china youth daily , college graduates and part - time workers are the main components of the team of hours work .
through the inspection of nearly 8,000 hours of work , more than half of the people are part - time workers , and the proportion is 51.1 percent .
the cultural level of part - time workers is generally higher , mainly engaging in technical work , such as translation , part - time staff ratio as high as 81.7 % , and fitness level as 61.6 % .
high income is the result of many people working for part - time jobs .
it is understood that individual posts ' monthly income can reach tens of thousands yuan , and it will be difficult to achieve , just like sound translation , and the monthly income of an hour work can reach more than 2,000 yuan , such as concord finance minister ju yi .
and to satisfy their own interests and expand their knowledge , they are also a major reason for their favoritism .
for example , when a company is in the position of the human resources department manager , it will take several hours a week to handle the financial accounts of a foreign trade representative office .
mr koo said that the maximum benefit for part - time employment was to keep up his knowledge and to have the opportunity to involve another area , of course , the income of 2000 yuan per month also had some attraction .
as some hours of employment threshold is low , the form of employment is flexible and free , and is gradually being favored by many graduates who are seeking employment . 14,000 of the hourly workers are graduates of tertiary and secondary schools for nearly three years .
my bread , i did n't want to do an hour at the beginning , but after a few months i felt it was better than the ninth and fifth days of the dprk .
after graduating from college , huang did not find all the people to find her job . in the end , she hung a hotel and played a background music with a piano .
hello , i am quite satisfied with the work at present , and the environment is 100 yuan per hour . what i am going to do now is to find a few more hours work .
it is understood that working hours has become a accumulation of work experience for some graduates who are working on job skills , enhancing communication skills , and increasing social experience .
the graduates work hours mainly on knowledge and skills , and they are mainly in the relatively strong posts of a higher degree of professional translation , a strong epoch performing arts , and a strong time - consuming entertainment .
part of the work hours are not highly skilled , such as sales promotion staff , salesperson , etc. , the unemployed can get jobs after simple training .
the data show that the number of hours worked personnel was 39.0 percent , of which the proportion of unemployed people in the retail sector was 68.4 percent , and the proportion of catering was 58.7 percent . the hourly employment channel became an important channel for the unemployed .
wu bangguo inspects anhui province
beijing , february 8 ( xinhua ) the chinese communist party ( cpc ) central committee political bureau standing committee member wu bangguo recently inspected anhui province , stressing that we must rely on the three major thoughts of the deputies to uphold the scientific development concept as the guide , persistently take the overall situation of economic and social development as the guide , conscientiously implement the central principles and policies in light of local conditions , further emancipate our minds , carry out work in a creative manner , and continuously bring the scientific development concept into effect
from 6 to 8 february , wu bangguo went to wuhu 's zhaoyuan , wuhu 's anhui province , and other places to inspect rural scientific research institutes and institutions of higher learning in enterprises .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui province has the advantage of xiangxi 's southern region linking up with the north , and is an important agricultural district in china with rich natural resources , a relatively good industrial foundation , a stronger scientific and educational force , and a unique advantage of its rich cultural and tourist resources .
anhui should firmly seize the important opportunity of promoting the rise of central china , always unswervingly adhere to the central task of economic construction , closely link with the actual conditions of anhui , conscientiously implement the central authorities ' principles and policies , carry out work in a creative way , and implement the scientific development concept in the concrete measures and in the practical work .
we should sum up practical experience in a timely manner , fully rely on the masses of the people , vigorously support reform and innovation , and constantly open up a new situation in anhui 's work .
we should actively promote the building of a harmonious society and persistently regard satisfactorily realizing the fundamental interests of the overwhelming majority of the people as the starting point and the end - result of all our work . we should actively create a situation in which the masses are resolved step by step , and gradually change the distribution relationship between urban and rural areas and the structure of urban and rural areas to narrow the gap , so as to safeguard and realize the results of social fairness and justice so that the people can share the fruits
wu bangguo stressed : china has reached the stage where we must rely more on enhancing our ability to make independent innovations and improving the quality of workers to promote economic and social development . only by vigorously promoting scientific and technological progress and innovation can we achieve a leap in the quality of productive forces and push economic and social development to the track of scientific development .
we should establish and improve as soon as possible systems and mechanisms that are conducive to innovation , increase investment in science and technology , encourage patent inventions , develop famous brands , speed up the transformation of scientific and technological achievements into real productive forces , strengthen the status of enterprises as the mainstay in independent innovation , and constantly raise the contribution rate of scientific and technological progress to economic growth .
we should support and encourage the participation of key technological elements in distribution , and establish and improve a system of statistics and indicators that embody the ability of independent innovation . we should study and formulate policies for financial and taxation distribution and government procurement to support independent innovation and form a policy system that encourages independent innovation .
we should cultivate an innovative awareness in society and vigorously advocate the spirit of daring to innovate courageously in competition and strive to create a good atmosphere in which highly qualified professionals come forth in large numbers .
wu bangguo pointed out : in building a socialist country ruled by law , the people 's congress has played an increasingly great role in this regard .
to do a good job in the work of the people 's congress under the new situation , first , we must uphold the correct political direction , unswervingly follow the path of socialist political development with chinese characteristics , and organically unite upholding the party 's leadership with the people being the masters of their own affairs and governing the country according to law .
second , it is necessary to closely center on the overall situation of the work of the party and the state , closely revolve around major issues in reform , development , and stability , and carry out work by closely centering on hot and difficult issues of common concern to the masses , so as to constantly enhance the actual results of the work of the people 's congresses .
third , we should give play to the characteristics and advantages of the work of the people 's congress , uphold democratic centralism , handle affairs strictly according to the law , and make collective decisions on issues .
we should persistently follow the mass line , take the people as the foundation , exercise power for the people , have a close tie with the people , and work for the interests of the people .
china has proposed major scientific research plans for the next 15 years .
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has taken a series of measures to enhance china 's competitiveness in the international arena , to promote sustainable development and to achieve key breakthroughs , according to the state council 's " outline of the state 's medium @ - and long - term scientific and technological development plan ( 2006 - 2020 ) " on the 9th .
the four major scientific plans are research results of quantitative study of the agricultural scientists ' research on agricultural production and agricultural development .
the outline points out that protein science is the life science commanding height which developed countries are fighting fiercely .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on studying the evolution of important biological system , the study of the organic corps of proteome research , which is the result of the study of the bioquality of proteins and their mutual role of pologus protein , which are relevant to the chinese characteristics , and the methods of research and application of the relevant research of biological and protein nature .
the outline also holds that the quantum control and control research is of a clear - cut perspective and may have a negative impact on the social and economic development of mankind in 20-30 .
china should focus on studying the carriers of quantum communication and the principles and methods of regulation and control , the new quantum effect , the quantum system , the new principles and new technological basis for measuring the adjustment and control of the quantum system , and the new technological basis for measuring the quantum control and control .
in addition , the outline points out that nanotechnology has become a strategic choice for many countries to enhance their core competitiveness and is also one of the areas in which china can achieve leapfrog development .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on the study of nanotechnology , including the controllable material of nanotechnology , the organic compound and functions , the nuaimi biology and nanometer medical , the namime surface and measurement , and the application of nanotechnology in energy source material and rice technology in the field of energy - intensive information technology , etc.
china 's population growth is large , with many defects in birth , serious shortage of transplant organs , and the approaching age peak , it is therefore urgent that breakthroughs in the theory of reproductive and development and technological innovation be made .
according to the outline , china will focus on the research of the polarization and regulation of stem cells and the maturing and acreage of biocells and the degradation and retreat of human reproductive functions , to assist reproductive and stem cells .
shanghai 's housing prices fell by nearly 7 percentage points last year
shanghai , february 9 ( xinhua ) shanghai 's gross domestic product ( gdp ) in 2005 will reach 34-3 - billion yuan ( about 3-3 - billion us dollars ) , up 3-4 percent from the previous year .
according to the latest data released , shanghai 's real estate industry achieved marked decline or growth rate last year .
the price of residential housing dropped 6.6 percentage points from the previous year , while the value of real estate industry dropped 4.1 percent from the previous year .
pan jianxin , director of the shanghai municipal bureau of statistics , said at a press conference that the average selling price of shanghai 's residential houses was 6,698 yuan per square meter in 2005 , an increase of 313 yuan over 2004 .
the price level of residential sales for the whole year rose 9.2 percent from the previous year , a drop of 6.6 percentage points from the same period last year .
the annual added value of the real estate industry was 67.023 - billion yuan , down 4.1 percent from the previous year .
the loans of individuals , including loans for housing , totaled 264.494 billion yuan ( about 392.6 billion us dollars ) , up from 26.494 billion yuan ( about 26.9 billion us dollars ) in 2004 .
pan jianxin said : judging from the sale prices of shanghai 's real estate for the whole year , the prices of commercial housing sales have been steadily on the decline .
the statistics also show that according to the latest data , the real estate price in shanghai will drop somewhat in 2005 , and the average sales price of residential houses will be 6,698 yuan / square meters , an increase of 313 yuan over 2004 .
for 2005 as a whole , housing sales prices rose 9.7 percent over the previous year , a drop of 6.2 percentage points from the previous year .
according to his briefing , last year , the investment in real estate development in shanghai was 1.4686 - trillion yuan , up 6.1 percent from the previous year .
the sales area was 315,87,000 square meters , down 9.5 percent .
sales of commercial houses totaled 216.13 billion yuan , down 4.5 percent from the previous year .
two light aircraft crashed in new zealand
wellington , february 9 ( xinhua ) two light aircraft crashed in a fire at a place about 100 kilometers north of wellington , capital of the country on the 9th , killing two pilots of the flight academy .
according to a relevant responsible person of the local civil aviation department , the pilots of the two planes are all students of the flight academy of marseille university . they are still undergoing training and have not obtained a flight license .
at the time of the incident , the two planes were in a non - air control zone . according to regulations , when flying in such a zone , the pilots were responsible for the navigation and security of the aircraft .
a witness at the scene of the accident told the new zealand media that he heard a huge explosion when the plane collided and saw the plane crashing on the ground .
another eyewitness also confirmed that the plane had heard a huge explosion before it crashed and saw a rubber crane .
the cause of the collision is not yet clear , and the local civil aviation department will investigate the incident .
argentina 's overseas chinese condemn chen shui - bian 's remarks on taiwan independence beijing , april 26
xinhua news agency , buenos aires , february 8 ( reporter cao yu ) the overseas chinese and chinese community established by the argentine association for promoting peaceful reunification of china , which is a member of the association of overseas chinese and chinese nationals living in argentina , issued a solemn statement on the 8th . chen shui - bian strongly condemned the recent action of the taiwan independence forces by him to split taiwan from china .
the statement said : chen shui - bian said in his speech on 29 january that he will abolish the nuc and the national unification program of the united states , which was a step taken toward taiwan independence in january .
compatriots on both sides of the strait have long hopes for peace and for the good wishes of the taiwan compatriots for peace and development .
the statement pointed out that resolutely opposing and containing taiwan independence 's separatist activities and safeguarding peace and stability in the taiwan strait region remains the most urgent task for compatriots on both sides of the strait and the chinese - speaking communities around the world .
the statement stressed : the argentine association for promoting china 's peaceful reunification is willing to hold consultations and negotiations with all overseas chinese and chinese people in argentina who uphold the one - china principle , resolutely oppose any form of taiwan independence , and actively promote china 's peaceful reunification .
prc expert views us military threat to china as groundless
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to launch a new round of nuclear tests in the united states in the next five years , which will be the largest test for the united states , according to a report submitted by the us congress a few days ago .
experts believe that this is a groundless accusation and exaggeration of china 's military threat theory , which plays up china 's military threat , is an interference in china 's internal affairs .
the " four - year defense review report " is a new document of national defense guidance of the pentagon .
the 92 - page report used three paragraphs to discuss the issue of china 's military strength and the way the united states should respond to it , which were directly sent to the two stages of china or china , said that as a major and emerging power , china has the greatest military competitive power with the united states , and if the united states does not have any countermeasures , china will very likely develop a destructive military technology , thus breaking its traditional military technology .
the director of the world military studies department of the chinese academy of military sciences , yao yunzhu , said : although senior us officials have expressed similar views many times before , this is the first time that the united states has proposed in its national defense strategy report that china is the emerging major country that is most likely to pose a military challenge to the united states .
for the first time , the report clearly describes russia as a new strategic rival , especially its so - called military threat to china , as a new strategic opponent .
peng guangqian , research fellow of the chinese academy of military sciences , said :
it is worth noting that in the " four - year defense review report " formally submitted , us president bush also submitted to congress the 2007 government budget . the national defense budget was 4393 - billion us dollars .
if the united states is to step up its military action in iraq and afghanistan , the us defense budget for fiscal 2007 will exceed $ 500 billion .
peng guangqian said : the us creation of a threatening theory of other countries reflects the consistent style of the pentagon that creates enemies . its real purpose is to strive for more national defense funds and provide more support for the huge us arms industrial complex .
experts say that compared with the huge military expenditure of the united states , china 's national defense spending is quite limited .
he has attended many times the military expert on china 's national defense white papers , deng hongzhou said : since the 1990 's , with economic development , china 's national defense expenditures have increased somewhat , but the overall proportion of national defense expenditures has declined .
official statistics show that compared with 1979 , china 's defense spending accounts for over 50 percent of the national financial expenditure in the same period .
china 's defense spending in 2005 was 244.656 - billion yuan , only about one - tenth of the us military expenditure , which is about one - sixth of the us military expenditure , and the per capita military spending of the us military is about one - thirds .
the territorial size of america and china 's territorial area are roughly the same , but the difference in military expenditure is so big , and who , in the end , has the military power exceeding the normal defense requirements , and this is something that cannot be said to be compared to .
peng guangqian said :
the research department of the china arms control and disarmament association , director teng jianqun , said that the united states should objectively assess china 's military construction and that china 's peaceful development does not mean that china and the united states will become military rivals in the future .
the " 2004 china national defense " white paper says that china firmly follows the path of peaceful development and practices a defensive national defense policy .
china has never been , and will not be , will not pose any threat to any country in the future .
so far , china has not established military bases in any other country , nor has it sent a single soldier to other countries , while the united states has over 100 military bases overseas , and it has deployed over 100,000 troops in asia alone .
professor zhu feng of the international relations college of beijing university said : china and the united states should increase communication and exchanges through established channels , enhance mutual understanding and mutual trust , and comprehensively promote the constructive and cooperative relations between china and the united states in the new century so as to jointly promote the maintenance of world peace and development .
( winter olympic games ) opening ceremony of turin winter olympics to be held
duhin , february 9 ( xinhua ) the 20th winter olympic games opened here today , with the opening ceremony of the 20th winter olympics .
on 9 november , the organizing committee of turin winter olympics disclosed to reporters the splendid arrangements for the opening ceremony .
as for the opening ceremony , the organizing committee chairman , castro tandari , said at the press conference that the opening ceremony involved a total of 10 million euros , which pooled the top talent in all fields in italy .
he said : the evening of 10 may will be an unforgettable day . at that time , 35,000 viewers and approximately 2 - billion television viewers in the world will see the successful opening ceremony of the battle scenes filled with the loud feelings .
the flames of warm love of red heart , the splendid five of our times , and the great beams and milk cows of the alps will all appear at the opening ceremony . the director explained that the situation of milk is so vigorous and italian - style talent will become the main theme of the opening ceremony . this is the greatest challenge to the italian people .
the famous italian designer amani specially designed clothes for the opening ceremony , and the famous italian fashion brand , morgan , will provide a gift to the athletes who take part in the ceremony .
however , the famous italian male noble pavarotti will sing a song at the opening ceremony , and the organizing committee will keep this suspense in the end .
eight people who can flame the flames will use three meters long to polish the flames to show the passion of fire , and they will fire at the base several times at a speed of 70 km .
officials of the organizing committee held that this was the most satisfactory creation in their opening performance .
regarding how to ignite the main torch , the organizing committee did not disclose it ahead of schedule . however , the 57 - meter main torch stand will light the residents on the alps and nearby alps .
white house announces bush 's planned visit to pakistan , india in march
washington , february 9 ( xinhua ) the united states has decided to cut the number of its nuclear weapons program to a record high of over 100 percent , a white house spokesman said here today .
mcclellan said that bush is looking forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he also said that he is making arrangements for this visit .
mcclellan made the above remarks when he held various demonstrations in some areas of pakistan to protest against the desecration of the islamic predecessor mohammed .
in january this year , bush met with pakistani prime minister shaukat aziz at the white house . both sides expressed the wish to strengthen friendly cooperation to jointly crack down on terrorism that endangers the security of the two countries .
bush also said that at the invitation of the pakistani and indian governments , he will pay a visit to pakistan and india in march .
hamas sets up cabinet to seek a breakthrough
xinhua news agency , ramallah , february 9 ( international observers ) hamas formed a cabinet to seek a breakthrough
xinhua news agency reporter , hao huang .
the palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) won the election of the legislative council , how to draw a blueprint for a new government has become the focus of international attention at present .
what kind of new policy will hamas implement directly affect the next step of the relevant policy orientation of the parties concerned in the peace process .
at the same time , the resistance attitude of the united states and israel has added variables to the prospects of the hamas government .
at present , all parties in palestine are stepping up consultations to discuss the difficulties and sensitive points in the forming of the cabinet that involve future development of the situation .
the premier 's post will be flowing down , and who will be the president ?
after hamas won the cabinet , some people outside worried that hamas prime minister might be able to have differences with the current top leader , abbas .
moreover , hamas leader mahathir , who is visiting egypt , stressed that the new palestinian government led by hamas would not recognize israel , and this hard - line signal has also aggravated international concerns .
the united states and israel have clearly expressed that they will not accept a hamas government with real power and threatened to suspend economic aid to palestine and hand over taxes to the palestinian side .
however , this does not hinder hamas from making flexible strategic adjustments , and the election of an independent is a compromise .
it is reported that in order to obtain international recognition to the greatest extent , hamas and other local and foreign leaders recently decided to elect the independent chairman of the board of directors of the qasari islamic university , jayakarta .
this move has not yet received response from the parties concerned .
palestinian analysts said that no matter how heavy the prime minister 's post is , the most crucial thing is that the prime minister should try to lessen the hardline color of hamas before it can assure its success .
how to distribute power
internally , the biggest challenge facing hamas forming a cabinet is that it lacks sufficient experience in governance .
the palestinian daily newspaper carried an analysis saying that hamas , through social welfare projects , has gathered in the hearts of the people , but in the aspect of governance , it lacks experience in dealing with the palestinian national liberation movement ( fatah ) , which has ruling experience .
after the election , hamas proposed establishing diplomatic partnership with fatah , and jointly establishing a coalition government with fatah , but fatah has not given a positive response to this .
at present , there are different opinions on whether to join the cabinet . one faction advocates joining the new government , thus achieving something in this respect , while the other is willing to actively work on opposition parties in the legislative committee .
the informed source pointed out that under abbas 's advice , fatah is gradually inclined to join the new government .
even so , the hamas and fatah will also hold discussions on the distribution of cabinet positions .
another way is to establish a framework for the formation of a socialist party - affiliated cabinet .
it is reported that hamas has also designed a clear - cut expert - type government , but the specific list is unknown .
in view of the attitude of the united states and israel , the technical expert - type government is also unable to form a cabinet - forming method to reduce external pressure .
according to the provisions of the palestinian basic law , the palestinian national authority nominated the prime minister and formed the cabinet three weeks from 16 january to 5 february after the new term of office of the legislative council was sworn in .
what path will the armed forces follow ?
the weapons in hamas are another major thorny issue facing the formation of a new government .
the us and israeli stances are very tough , and they resolutely demand hamas to abandon violence and refuse to take part in politics with guns .
hamas leader mahathir stressed on the 9th that armed resistance is the strategic choice of that organization .
the issue of armed forces actually includes the legality of weapons and the management of the ownership of armed forces .
hamas 's election through democratic and free means was elected the first largest party in the legislature , which led to the simultaneous legalization of its subordinate armed factions , namely , unifying it into the government security organs .
hamas once proposed to unify all factions into the people 's army of the palestinian national authority , but it did not receive a broad response , and it was also opposed by the islamic jihad ( jewish ) of palestine .
palestine now has over 60,000 security personnel , and most of them come from the fatah camp .
moreover , fatah also has some subordinate armed factions that are loose in organization relations , such as the xiangsata brigade , a subordinate martyr of al-aqsa martyrs , etc .
hamas , which is responsible for forming the cabinet , must negotiate with abbas on how to manage the armed forces of each country and rationally distribute the authority for security management .
according to local media reports , abbas intends to take charge of security and intelligence units , police and civil defense organizations , and other organizations are under the control of the ministry of interior of the new government .
however , all parties are still holding consultations on this sensitive issue , and so far there is no further news .
china issues first report on polar exploration
beijing , february 10 ( xinhua ) china 's marine bureau has issued the 2005 annual report on china 's polar exploration , which is the first large - scale scientific expedition to the earth over the past 20 years , the state oceanic administration ( soa ) said here today .
the " report " comprehensively reflects the results of china 's polar scientific research activity in 2005 , which aims to inspect logistical support scientific research and results .
according to the " report , " at 22:15 on 9 january 2005 ( beijing time ) , china 's antarctic ice detection team successfully landed on the newest icecap in the antarctic , the highest altitude of ice - crop area , and it was decided at 3:15 on 18 january ( beijing time ) that the height of the dome 's zhiqiong reached 493 meters .
among the international polar exploration stage where competition is becoming increasingly fierce , the strong will and fearless spirit of the chinese people , who have the courage to open up new fields , first of all , launched an international study of the greatest glacier in the south , and achieved another dream of mankind in the south pole .
sun zhihui , director of the state oceanic administration , said :
the " report " shows that on 24 march 2005 , china 's 21st antarctic expedition team returned to shanghai with a complete success . the 151 - day inspection , which lasted 2,500 nautical miles , was conducted .
on 18 november of the same year , china 's 22 nd antarctic expedition team left shanghai for the antarctic zhongshan station to conduct scientific research activities and will leave zhongshan station to return to shanghai via australia by the end of february 2006 .
because it was the first polar investigation report issued by china , the " 2005 china polar investigation report " also set a clear and definite direction for the polar exploration undertaking in china , which was started in the early 1980 s .
according to the " report , " china formally joined the " antarctic treaty " in 1983 and became a member of the organization of the antarctic treaty . the hunan polar scientific research committee and its council of directors of the south pole science committee were one after another .
in 1997 , china became a member of the arctic science committee and won the right to speak and decision in international polar affairs .
the " report " points out : over the past 20 - odd years , china 's ultra - polar investigation has never went to maturity , and has initially formed a number of large companies . the research system of the xiangnan extreme scientific research system , which was formed by the no . 1 station of the hong kong three gorges university , is : the southern polar station established in february 1985 , the southern pole station established in february 1989 , and the huishan polar station set
according to the " report , " by the end of 2005 , china had organized 22 antarctic scientific research projects , with the zhuolong no. 2 shipbuilding as the arctic scientific research station 's second batch of north pole arctic scientific research station , which has more than 3,000 survey personnel in the whole country have visited the north pole to conduct on - site inspection .
currently , we are working to establish the third antarctic station , and is china 's first inland station in the antarctic , to conduct feasibility study , said feng .
sun zhihui said :
through more than 20 years of efforts , china 's polar exploration undertaking has achieved its important status in the world 's polar exploration , but it is far from the other countries that are mainly polar exploration . we must try to catch up with and try to catch up with others .
he said .
sun zhihui revealed that china will publish an annual report on polar investigation .
castro meets chinese president , says chinese science , education cooperation
havana , february 10 ( xinhua ) cuba 's state council president fidel castro met with visiting chinese state councilor chen zhili on the 10th . both sides expressed the wish to constantly strengthen mutually beneficial cooperation in education , science and technology , and other fields .
president castro warmly welcomed the visit to cuba by state councilor chen zhili .
he said : cuba and china have maintained very friendly relations , with frequent high - level visits , which have effectively promoted and strengthened friendship and mutual understanding between the two sides . i hope that the two countries will continually deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in all fields , including education and science and technology .
chen zhili said : cuba is one of the influential countries in latin america and the caribbean region .
the friendly exchanges between the chinese and cuban peoples date back to ancient times .
cuba was the first latin american country to establish diplomatic relations with new china .
after entering the new century , with the concern and promotion of the leaders of the two countries , the two countries have increasingly deepened mutual political trust , expanded the scope of cooperation , and supported and coordinated with each other in international affairs . sino - cuban friendly relations have entered a new period of all - round development .
she expressed the belief that with the joint efforts of both sides , sino - cuban friendly cooperation will surely yield more fruitful results .
chen zhili also pointed out : the chinese government has always attached importance to exchanges and cooperation with cuba in the field of education .
in recent years , the two countries have witnessed increasingly close exchanges of education and frequent exchanges of personnel .
china actively supports the international conference sponsored by cuba and has sent a delegation to attend all previous world higher education conferences and the 2005 anti - illiteracy conference .
cuba 's basic education level is very high , and i hope to further strengthen the exchange of relevant experience in the future .
chen said that china and cuba have great potential in scientific and technological research and development , and that the two countries can achieve mutual benefit and win - win results through cooperation in many fields .
the chinese side 's aid to some of cuba 's scientific research equipment this time is hoping to play a positive role in cuba 's scientific research and production .
she also briefed castro on china 's strategy of rejuvenating the country through science and education and the national science and technology conference .
chen arrived here on sunday for a four - day visit to cuba at the invitation of the cuban government .
during this period , chen zhili met with vesino , minister of the cuban high education department , and inspected the university of journalism of havana university of science , sergey marti middle school and st maria primary school .
the accident took place at the beijing - ha highway , some of which were closed .
xinhua news agency , harbin , february 11 ( reporter liang shubin ) - - at about 2300 on february 10 , a traffic accident occurred at 58 km of the beijing - ha highway , with a tanker leaking , causing some sections of roads to be closed .
according to the police of the traffic police unit of the shuangcheng city public security bureau , three tricycles collided with a traffic accident occurred at about 2:00 on 10 april . a zhuhai - 1 truck and a tanker crashed together . the fissures of the tanker cracks were sewerage . the oil leaked inside was flowing on the road .
it is understood that the tanker is loaded with the waste oil that produces coke .
because of the high rubbish , they are also afraid that flames will occur in vehicles , and the departments concerned have closed the road where the accident occurred .
the road closure from harbin to the shuangcheng direction was closed , and many vehicles bypassed .
at present , relevant departments are cleaning up the scene , and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
( hong kong , macao and taiwan ) hutchison whampoa announced its bankruptcy
hong kong , february 11 ( xinhua ) hutchison whampoa limited announced on the 11th that its listing plan for the 3rd parallel telecommunications company under the banner of the hutchison whampoa company was delayed .
and mr huo kin - ning , general manager of the yellow group , said that although the listing of all relevant regulatory agencies in italy has been approved , the listing procedures must be completed in the next few weeks , and the time is too short .
at the same time , the current market condition of the european telecom stocks is weak , and the market may not give a suitable valuation to the listing of italy at this moment .
in view of the greater interests of shareholders , the decision to postpone the listing was decided .
as to when the stock market will be listed , henry fok said that it will depend on the future situation of the european telecommunications market .
he said : from now on to the period of stock offering , the demand for extensive investment education activities in italy 's likud city will be more clear than that of italy 's current strong performance and favorable prospects .
according to media reports , banya 3 , one of the world 's coordinators , goldman sachs , agreed to sell out 105 % of gdp in italy through private matching , which is a form of private ownership .
china , myanmar enjoy sound development of trade ties
yangon , february 12 ( xinhua ) chinese ambassador to myanmar tuke and vice minister of economic and business affairs tang hai met with myanmar prime minister soe win on the eve of his visit to china on the 14th . he said : sino - burmese economic and trade relations have been developing in a good state of enriching the forms of mutually beneficial cooperation between china and brunei .
ambassador guan mu said : in recent years , sino - us relations , which have been established on the basis of the five principles of peaceful coexistence , have been consolidated and developed . exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been expanded and deepened day by day , and bilateral economic and trade relations have been continually expanded and strengthened .
counselor tang haynang said : the exchange of visits between the top leaders of the two countries has effectively promoted the development of bilateral economic and trade cooperation .
the two countries ' high - level visits in 2004 have signed 33 agreements on economic and trade cooperation , most of which are being implemented .
he said : in 2004 , the figure was $ 1.14 - billion , and in 2005 it reached $ 1.09 - billion , of which china 's exports and imports amounted to $ 935 - million and $ 274 - million .
last year , in bilateral trade , trade between china and yunnan ( including border trade ) reached $ 630 - million , an increase of 14.6 percent over the previous year .
tang said that myanmar has become a major partner of chinese enterprises in the development of contract projects , and the main projects of china 's construction in myanmar include the zhuji port and factory ( such as the sugar factory , the rui maize plant ) , etc.
chinese enterprises have started engineering in myanmar , which has brought along the export of all kinds of complete sets of chinese mechanical and electrical products , and myanmar has become one of the important markets for china 's complete sets of equipment and mechanical and electrical products .
according to chinese customs statistics , in the past five to six years , the export of mechanical and electrical products has accounted for about 45.5 percent of china 's total exports to burma .
counselor tang also said that burma is rich in resources , and china has already begun to invest in developing resources such as the nickel mine of burma 's oil and natural gas , and there is great potential for the development of sino - burmese economic and trade cooperation .
he hoped that chinese enterprises would have a long - term view , learn to avoid risks , act prudently , and make decisions , and establish good corporate image , ensure that the projects are finished on schedule , and win glory for the country .
ambassador to the management of the state - owned assets and counselor tang haichi said : premier soe win 's upcoming official visit to china is a major event in bilateral relations this year . it is of great significance to enhancing political mutual trust , promoting bilateral cooperation , and promoting the further development of good - neighborly and friendly relations between china and burma .
it is expected that during the visit , the two sides will sign several agreements on economic and trade cooperation .
world bank plans to reduce poor debt
moscow , february 11 ( xinhua ) world bank president wolfowitz said on the 11th in moscow that the world bank will completely waive the debts of the poorest countries by the middle of this year .
wolfowitz held talks with his russian counterpart , the g8 finance ministers , in moscow on the same day .
in a statement issued after the meeting , he said that the world bank will implement the debt reduction and exemption plan before 1 july this year , and the world bank is now completing all technical tasks .
last year , the world bank donor countries completely exempted debts owed by 28 countries and pledged to provide a place for the trust funds concerned .
the loan amount of the imf is relatively small , and the imf has started to reduce or exempt debts by the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz 's decision to exempt russia from debts of 16 african countries .
the kao qing digital television is gradually becoming mainstream in the united states .
new york , february 12 ( xinhua ) the number of new world 's leading television sets ( xiyuan ) is rising .
the american super bowl , a superbow of the us , has become the us broadcasting industry 's warm - up match to welcome the television era .
according to a recent report in the financial times , the us congress recently passed a bill requiring the broadcasters in the us broadcasting industry to completely stop broadcasting the current analogy television signals on 17 february 2009 , and only show digital signals .
this means that the full digitization of us television programs has a clear timetable .
high - resolution digital television , on the one hand , depends on consumers to buy tv sets , and on the other hand , it depends on production organizations to provide high - definition digital programs .
although digital television has been repeatedly mentioned in the past few years , it has never become a reality .
this problem has taken a turn for the better this year .
according to the us consumer electronics association 's forecast , the sales of digital television sets in the united states will exceed the traditional ones for the first time this year . the number of digital television sets is 85 % of high - resolution products .
japanese researchers develop new highly efficient human kidney system
tokyo , february 13 ( xinhua ) the research institute of the east china sea university of japan has developed a biological kidney for human kidneys , which not only has the same functions as human kidneys , but also has the function of retaining material elements . it is small in size and easily transplanting . with the study deepening , it is expected to bring a good news to the patients who are ill of kidney disease .
according to a recent report in the nikkei shimbun , the newly developed biological artificial kidney is mainly composed of two parts , part of which is filter and watershed , the sterilization of the waste and the separation of water from the original urine , lieutenant general in amino and kilimino , which have other components of the blood used for reentry to the stery of the blood - produced waser , such as the former .
the scientists of the kidney - making and twin - made beams are all made up of the silk line of the central air force , and the inner side of the encirclement of the woods is filled with the functions of xie xuren .
this kind of upper skin cells can cause diseases that have caused many times , which are related to the genes of the organic ingredients , to be divided into the amino acid and returned to the blood , and at the same time , it can also enable the body 's wine , mellacius , and other matter to re - enter the blood .
the previous human kidney relied on the differentiated filtering of the lethal waves , and the treatment could not be completely removed and there was no such condition as the reversion of the components of the amino acid .
researchers took advantage of the sheep to conduct experiments on bioartificial kidney transplantation , and the upper skin cells of the middle space silk line of artificial kidneys were used .
two weeks later , researchers confirmed that the human kidney can function .
at present , they are developing and using the biological kidney cells of human kidneys and will start clinical research after verification of their safety .
china 's power safety production still faces severe challenges
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) china 's electric power industry is expected to grow by a record high in 2005 , said a responsible person of the state electric power commission on the 13th .
wang zhongyu , vice chairman of the state electric power regulatory commission , said at the fifth ( enlarged ) meeting of the national committee on power safety held here that china 's electricity safety production in 2005 was generally stable , and china successfully fulfilled the tasks of electricity supply to meet the spring of summer , thus achieving safe electricity supply .
however , he pointed out that with the changes in the situation of electricity supply and demand and the successive operation of large numbers of new generating units , the safe production of electric power will face new challenges .
these challenges include regional bread time swelling , which is still in place , the supply and demand situation in some areas is still tight , and the price of electricity has not yet taken shape , leading to a relatively large problem in the supply of coal , while the problem of the drop in the quality of coal has not been effectively controlled , which will have a serious impact on the stable operation of some power grid units , on the weak structure of some equipment , and on the safety of the
shi yubo said : with the deepening of reform of the power system , many deep - seated contradictions will be constantly exposed . how to maintain the stability of the staff and workers and ensure normal production order will become a new problem facing them .
in view of the 2006 work on power safety , shi yubo said : we should further consolidate the basic work of power safety production management , speed up the establishment and improvement of an emergency management mechanism for power power safety , improve the ability to deal with emergencies , strengthen coordination and cooperation with the power plant net , jointly safeguard the safety of the power system , continue to do a good job in supervising and managing the safety of the dam and building the dam , strengthen the management of power power construction
it is reported that in light of the new situation in power safety management , the china national electric power regulatory commission will amend and improve the " interim regulations on investigating power production accidents " that have been promulgated this year . meanwhile , supporting documents on the safety of the dam of the hydropower station and the second - phase safety of the power grid system will be published and implemented one after another this year .
china 's electricity consumption in 2005 will reach 2468.9 billion kw - hours , up 13.455 percent from the same period last year .
in the face of the tight supply and demand situation in power supply and demand , the prominent contradictions in coal , electricity , oil , and transport , and other unfavorable conditions , all power enterprises have taken effective measures to strengthen equipment management . there were no major incidents in electricity generation throughout the country last year .
power grid accidents occurred 74 times , a decrease of 127 times over the same period last year , and 427 incidents involving equipment , a decrease of 132 compared with the same period last year .
south african envoy to china says south africa does not have such a crime that is directed at chinese citizens .
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has always attached great importance to the development of the relations between the two countries , said a senior official here today .
he also said that the south african government would do its best to crack down on all forms of crime .
fu said the south african government hopes to reduce the crime rate to zero , and hopes that every one of the foreigners working in south africa will have the safety of their lives and property , and that the security of their property will be fully protected by local law and citizens .
since 2006 , four chinese citizens have been killed in south africa , and the chinese people 's world has expressed extensive concern over this .
the chinese foreign ministry has made representations to south africa over this and has reminded chinese citizens in southern africa to further enhance their awareness of security and prevention , strengthen unity and friendship between the overseas chinese and the police , and jointly crack down on criminal activities .
we express our sincere condolences and condolences to the family of the victims .
fu kangning said : we are sorry for this and ask the chinese people to believe that the south african government is earnestly investigating every case involving china .
according to the chinese embassy in south africa , the south african police have successfully solved the case of a murder of a chinese fujian woman chen jianqing in south africa on 5 february , and a suspect has been arrested .
the police are now hunting for another suspect .
in addition , according to the south african embassy in china , the criminal suspect involved in the shooting of a hong kong businessman in january this year has been arrested by south african police and the money and property of the victim has been recovered .
on the possibility of the killing of chinese citizens , fu kangning said that these incidents are indeed a serious threat to the trade of tourism between the two countries and to exchanges in other fields , but from a long - term perspective , the impact on the media should not be greater than that .
the south african embassy 's tourism commissioner , nanne behei , said that the embassy had issued over 2,000 chinese visas to south africa in the first 15 days of this year .
according to official chinese statistics , south africa will continue to maintain china 's largest trade partner in africa in 2005 .
bilateral trade reached $ 7.27 billion , up 23.0 percent year on year .
however , people in the tourism circle believe that the incidents of chinese citizens ' murder in 2004 have a clear impact on the number of chinese tourists to south africa .
according to statistics from the south african tourism bureau , chinese tourists to south africa were 20,331 in the first half of 2005 , a decrease of 14.9 percent over the same period last year .
the chinese living in south africa are now around 200,000 people , and they are located in the towns and villages of south africa .
analysts here believe that the wide gap between the rich and the poor in south africa , the high unemployment rate , and the flood of guns , there is no deterrent to death , and the crime rate is high .
since many chinese do not understand english , they have cash at hand and at home , and they are more likely to become victims of the criminal elements ' scheme for money .
hk to promote english language learning and training
hong kong , february 13 ( xinhua ) the english campaign launched by the hong kong special administrative region government on the 13th aims to raise the english standard of the workforce .
this elegant good english , mighty life , which is a theme , includes promoting the development of english in the workplace through a series of promotional activities , and enabling employers to better understand how to help their employees improve their english standard .
so far , nearly 25,000 people have been granted funding to complete the workplace english training courses , bringing them to the relevant benchmarks of the workplace english benchmarks .
hong kong 's native english campaign is one of the highlights of the hong kong sar government 's promotion in 2000 .
the first major project of the workplace english campaign is to provide english training .
the scheme aims to help needy employees who need to use english in their work to obtain the english language and skills of their respective types of work through participating in the training and attending the designated international business english examination .
the free voluntary recall of aids in hebei province
shijiazhuang , february 14 ( xinhua ) the hebei provincial health department recently formulated and issued a " hebei province voluntary consultation and inspection of aids " ( trial implementation plan ) , clearly specifying that aids testing is carried out on a voluntary basis and that the probation of aids is released on the 14th . it hopes to find to the greatest extent the dying of aids patients and patients and to implement the policy of further prevention of intervention and further implementing the policy of prevention of aids and family
the " plan " has defined the methods and methods for the voluntary consultation and examination of aids in hebei province : the system for testing and consulting aids resistance is free , the voluntary test for aids antibodies and the voluntary consultation and consent of the public , the testing and security of aids resistance and consultation , the protection of the legitimate rights and interests of aids infected and aids patients , and the provision of follow - up services for them .
the " plan " requires that aids consultation and test points should be set at a convenient place for the consulting personnel . to protect the selfish interests of the consulting personnel , there should be a single room , and one - to - one consultation can be conducted .
the choice of the advisers should take into full consideration the needs of individual quality , knowledge , and exchange ability .
to protect the privacy of consulting agents , the test passes can be registered with a code or number .
the " plan " also requires that the health administration departments at and above the county level publicize the local media the medical and health organizations and the telephone numbers for the medical and health care services that are provided free of charge for aids in their own areas , so that the masses can understand relevant information .
public security ministry still takes the key point of extortion of confessions by torture
beijing , february 14 ( xinhua ) a police inspector 's office of the ministry of public security , mr zheng baikang , pointed out at a press conference held by the ministry of public security that the so - called " use of force not too suitable to make criminal suspects known to be guilty in china is absolutely not allowed .
the focus of the work of the departments in charge of supervision is also to prevent the occurrence of these problems .
he also pointed out that some international organizations have a different understanding of the chinese police 's law enforcement situation .
the latest information provided by the ministry of public security on 14 february shows that in 2002 , the ministry of public security issued the " regulations on the implementation of retention measures by public security organs " , " regulations on the application of continuing interrogations by public security organs " , which better guaranteed the application of the measures for the use of the concealed interrogation by public security organs at the grass - roots level according to law .
since 1997 , in order to promote the work of rectifying the three things in depth ( namely , removing the misuse of guns and police force ) , the police force of the public security organs throughout the country have persisted in the practice of sending police inspectors of police stations , the corps of patrol police , the corps of traffic police , and the public security and grass - roots law enforcement units on the first line of supervision , and have warned that those who are involved in law enforcement activities that under@@
to prevent the occurrence of law enforcement problems at the source , the departments of police inspectors have further extended the tentacles of law enforcement inspectors , increased the number of probable cases of public security personnel and theft of motor vehicles , and recorded the enrollment of information on theft of motor vehicles .
chinese premier meets thai guests in taipei
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the taiwan strait exchange foundation ( sef ) , which has been honorary chairman of the taiwan strait exchange foundation , has been plagued by an acute myocardial infarcation and acute heart failure and a bloody shock , died early in the morning of the 15 th .
sun yun - suan was born on 11 november 1913 . he was a penglai in shandong province and a graduate from the electrical engineering department of harbin industrial university .
it was a member of the 10 th to 13 th central committee of the kuomintang , a member of the 12 th central standing committee of the 12 th central committee , chairman of the 14 th central committee of the evaluation committee of the central committee of the party , and a member of the central committee of the evaluation of the party central committee .
he was formerly the head of the transportation department of taiwan 's authorities , the director of the hankuang administration , and others .
the heilongjiang province has promoted the evaluation of the songhua river 's ecological environment and the countermeasures .
xinhua news agency , harbin , february 16 ( reporter : hu tao ) to do a good job in the sinking period of the songhua river and the melting of the ice layer , the heilongjiang province will actively promote the evaluation of the impact on the ecological environment of the songhua river and the implementation of measures to deal with the impact on the ecological environment .
the reporter learned from the heilongjiang provincial environmental protection bureau that the xiangfeihua river pollution incident , which was led by the state environmental protection administration , has jointly determined 15 special topics , including emergency environmental assessment and countermeasures , and is divided into the evaluation of the ecological effect of countermeasures against ecological effect and the comprehensive evaluation of human health pollution control project , and the specific time is three stages .
at present , there are 10 scientific research institutes in heilongjiang province , with more than 60 people undertaking 14 research projects .
according to the briefing , environmental protection departments and relevant scientific research institutes will focus on five special topics , namely , an evaluation of the emergency environment and a counter - measure study , in an effort to solve environmental problems that the masses are most concerned about .
these include the control of the concentration of outbound pollutants and the impact of the pollution incident on the safety of the products of the songhua river on the consumption of water , the impact on the safety of the underground water supply to the two sides of the river , the impact on the safety of the underground water supply , and the study of the songjiang water cleaning technology in the city on the safety of the city and the residing of the pollutants in the
heilongjiang province 's environmental protection department will also intensify environmental monitoring along the songhua river and strictly investigate and deal with environmental pollution incidents that have caused serious pollution by illegal discharge of pollutants and illegal construction .
heilongjiang will send environmental law enforcement personnel to urge various localities to give guidance to the comprehensive improvement of the environment in small river valleys , improve the environmental management system of the zhuanghe river and other tributaries of the river .
beijing university 's mourning hall to mourn wang xuan 's election academician
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to build a new - type university in beijing , the first of its kind in the world , to mark the centennial anniversary of beijing university , which is scheduled to open at 0900 on the morning of the 15th .
at 0800 , the opening hours of the mourning hall was not yet yet , and dozens of people were queuing up outside the gate .
this reporter has learned from the memorial hall of the centenary of beijing university that the wall of the hall was hanging a black banner in which he mourned the memory of academician wang xuan .
the banner below was a picture of a huge wangchou wall of wang xuan , with a glasses , a smile on the face , and an elegant and elegant atmosphere .
the two sides of the remains were placed several dragon bones , with dozens of wreaths decorating on both sides .
one of the receptions is : the sun from qin sheng , who is the founder of tang 's splendid , to send the contemporary lead blueprint .
the mourning hall was in a low spirits and the atmosphere was filled with a heavy look .
among the people who mourned the memorial were leaders and teachers and students of the university , friends of wang xuan , and many comrades who are not familiar with him .
some of them held fresh flowers in their hands , some carried baskets , and each of them wore small white flowers in their chest , slowly walking to the ruins of wang xuan 's academician , bowing and showing silence .
many people cannot help but shed tears .
he was once director of the state administration of cultural relics . he is an old alumnus of beijing university . he told the reporter that he was still working in henan province more than 10 years ago . he asked professor wang xuan to give a report on scientific and technological innovation to the provincial party committee cadres .
academician wang xuan is a phony of our learning . he is the model of our learning . he has made great contributions to the country and society , and the people will never forget him .
jin ruilin , professor at beijing university 's law school , and wang xuan , an old friend of wang ruilin , who has been an old friend for more than 40 years .
he was just discharged a few days ago and insisted on speaking goodbye to his old friend today .
in his message - telling speech , mr. jin could not suppress his grief and sad people . he repeatedly waved tears to his eyes .
he told the reporter that professor wang xuan 's life was frugal , and that when he lived in the tong fu yuan , he was already professor , and he already had very high achievements , but he was still living in a very small house for many years .
later , he moved to the chengzai garden , where he lived in a 70 to 80 square meters .
beijing university gave him a big gift of more than 140 square meters of big houses , which he was located in the blue camp , and he did not want the high - level houses provided by fangzheng building .
mr. jin recalled with deep feeling that wang xuan 's overseas trip provided a lot of high treatment and leave him , but he resolutely declined .
at the beginning , he insisted that he did not apply for an academician . he was only filled out after he had mobilized many times .
mr jen is also deeply moved by his attitude toward cultivating young people . he has repeatedly stressed that , now , what achievements do i have ? is n't i look at myself , but it should depend on cultivating young people .
mr. jin said : when he was 50 , wang xuan began to pay attention to cultivating young people . he always stressed that he would pave the way and would be willing to serve as a ladder to young people and to give way to young people .
+ it is a very successful scientist , it 's not easy for me .
this reporter has learned from the beijing university news center that from 09:00 on 15 february to 12:00 on 19 february , wang xuan 's mourning hall was open to the public from 09:00 to 1:00 every day , for people of all walks of life to offer condolences .
the modern breeds of the proletarian feels , academician of the chinese academy of sciences , academician of the chinese academy of sciences , wang xuezhi , academician of the chinese academy of engineering , was killed at beijing xianhe hospital at 11:33 on 13 february at the age of 70 due to his illness .
china , chile to build friendship ties
wu bangguo attended the signing ceremony and signed the agreement .
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) , wu bangguo , attended a reception held by the chinese npc and the chilean parliament on the afternoon of the 15th to sign the agreement .
the exchange mechanism between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament has been formally established .
it is reported that president of the senate of the chilean parliament , president of the senate , and president of the house of representatives , arsenio esisio , signed the agreement in santiago , capital of chile , the other day .
according to the agreement , the two sides will , in accordance with the principles laid down in the sino - chilean joint communique on the establishment of diplomatic relations , establish political dialogue relations between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament , and establish a dialogue committee on a rotating basis to jointly promote the all - round development of bilateral relations .
chilean ambassador to china kaffarin attended the signing ceremony .
china to introduce regulations on protection of information network disseminates
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the number of websites in china has increased by a large margin , with the adoption of a large number of reprinted newspapers and magazines , the official said , adding that many of them have not been authorized and have not paid for the same fees .
wang ziqiang said : according to the existing laws and regulations , the works already published in the newspapers and periodicals , as long as the author does not make a statement or use a document , the newspaper can , without the consent of the author , pay remuneration . the state copyright bureau has specially formulated a standard for the reprinting and payment of newspapers and periodicals in accordance with the law .
however , according to the existing law , newspaper and periodical enjoy the right of this statutory permission . the internet does not enjoy this right of statutory permission .
in accordance with the relevant judicial explanations made by the supreme people 's court , the method of reprinting statutory permission can be used on the internet , that is , the internet , for a small article published on the internet , the author does not make a statutory statement that is not permitted to use the internet , and the internet is required to pay remuneration .
however , as judicial explanations do not have a set of standards for remuneration , there is no need to pay for these works on the internet .
the use of these short works on the internet is applicable to the legal licensing of these short works , and it is also necessary to determine the degree of trust from the legal level .
wang ziqiang said : whether or not we have done so has been included in the scope of the law and the regulations on protecting the right to spread information networks that will be published this year .
russian military says georgia 's parliament resolution not to affect russian peacekeeping operations
xinhua news agency , moscow , february 15 ( reporter song shiyi ) - russian defense ministry press official sergey shedov said to the media on the 15th that the resolution made by the georgian parliament on russian peacekeeping troops will not affect russian military peacekeeping operations in the short term . the russian military will continue to carry out peacekeeping missions in the south ossetia conflict area .
the russian state duma ( lower house of parliament ) and the chairman of the cis affairs committee , kono , issued a statement on the same day on the georgian parliament 's resolution on russian peacekeeping troops , pointing out that this resolution will undermine the stability of the situation in the region and produce an unfavorable impact on russian - georgian relations .
he stressed that the decision of the georgian national assembly has enabled russia and georgia to move toward the direction of deterioration in their relations .
he said : the georgian side 's accusation against the russian side is absurd .
the georgian parliament passed a resolution on the same day , demanding that the russian peacekeeping force stop its peacekeeping activities in south ossetia , but the specific deadline for the withdrawal of russian peacekeeping troops was not fixed .
georgia 's parliament condemns russian peacekeepers for not fulfilling their obligations and regards russia 's actions in the conflict area as a move aimed at annexing georgia 's territory .
georgia 's parliament demands that the government take active action to consider stationing troops in the south ossetia conflict area to replace the current peacekeeping activities in the region .
the georgian parliament also instructed the government to amend and determine the relevant agreements on russian peacekeeping personnel 's stationing in the conflict areas .
the south ossetia is an autonomous state of georgia , which borders the republic of north ossetia in russia .
after the disintegration of the former soviet union , it declared independence on its own and was in a state of confrontation with the georgian central government for a long time .
at present , russia is stationed in this region with a peacekeeping battalion of 500 people .
the unit was formed in accordance with the 1992 + zhuoga south of russia 's kyodo in 1992 .
the fire broke out in the liaoyuan hospital , where four people responsible for the fire were indicted .
changchun , february 16 ( xinhua ) the jilin provincial government has decided to suspend the production of two miners for the first time since the fire broke out in the central hospital in liaoyuan city , jilin province , said the local police .
on december 15 , 2005 , the no. 6 hospital of liaoyuan city 's largest hospital was killed , and the fire was finally killed by 39 people .
in this fire , the area of the fire was over 5,000 square meters .
it is understood that this is the first time that a major change has occurred in the medical and health system nationwide since the founding of new china .
according to the investigation , at about 1630 on the day of the incident , liaoyuan city 's central hospital suddenly stopped power supply . according to the hospital 's circuit design , if power outage and power - tank gates are to be automatically jumped to the deputy gate and continue to maintain normal power supply at the time , but the electrical gate was not automatic . the squad leader zhang diankun , was forced to deliver power without finding the cause of the power outage .
the then smoker underground cables , more than 10 cables , which were unsealed , were peeling together in an orderly manner , and the cables like this should be placed in a very well - arranged place and there should be fire prevention layers .
therefore , the 57 - year - old liaoyuan city textile company 's electrical installation team leader zhao yongchun , retired cadre ( senior engineer ) of liaoyuan electric power bureau , returned to work after retirement from liaoyuan city 's central hospital and returned to hire , jin chengtai , three of them , for suspected involvement in major accidents .
china 's first tour of guizhou in rural tourism to be held in tiantong tun
guiyang , february 16 ( xinhua ) the first train accident took place in tianlong town , pingba county , guizhou province on the morning of the 16 th . the children wore a festival - filled smile .
at 10 : 30 in the morning , after the five - year - long activity , 80 - year - old zheng peqin , who was wearing a long - colored shirt , sounded the first - line gong for chinese rural tourism to guizhou .
tin lung tun village is a typical representative of the development of guizhou 's rural tourism and a national village tourism demonstration site .
as the first flood season for the ming dynasty , the descendants of the tuen mun army , the history of the ming dynasty has been over 600 years .
here , we can see from it the long - sleeved blue robes of the ancient han ethnic culture and dressing fun of the tuen mun village .
it is understood that the tianlong village relies on this cultural and traditional advantage to develop village cultural and tourism from 2002 and to earn 3.8 million yuan in admission ticket income by 2005 . the village has over 4-7 percent of the households who have sold tourism products through catering for tourism products and other products . the average peasant 's income has increased from over 1,300 yuan in 2002 to 2,640 yuan in 2005 .
yang shengming , director of the guizhou provincial tourism bureau , said that following the first tour of tianlong and castle , new agricultural experience centering on new rural tourism experience is the theme . the various rural tourism activities will be launched in various parts of guizhou this year .
so far , guizhou has more than 130 villages and towns launched various rural tourism projects . by 2005 , over 600,000 rural households in the province have extricated themselves from poverty through tourism development .
in january , housing prices in 70 cities across the country increased 5.5 percent , and housing prices in shanghai continued to decline .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the country 's total industrial output of the 70 large and medium cities rose 5.5 percent in january , down 0.7 percentage points from the previous month , according to the report .
the housing prices in shanghai continued to decline .
the national development and reform commission 's statistics bureau released data on 16 november , indicating that most of the 70 large and medium cities , most of them , the prices of housing , and the prices of housing , were up slightly in january this year , over 10 percent in dalian , hohhot , and haohao , while the prices of shanghai 's housing sales continued to decline slightly , down by 0.4 percent compared with the same period last year .
the same - track statistics show that in the first quarter of last year , the sales prices of shanghai 's houses rose by 19.1 percent over the same period last year . after that , there was a turning point , and a slight decline in the second half of last year was recorded .
in january this year , new homes in 70 large and medium cities rose 6.9 percent year on year , down 0.2 percentage points from the previous month .
the increase was mainly due to the increase in the number of new commodity houses , which were higher than the increase rate in dalian , 18.9huhhot , huhaohee , 14.79 percent , shenzhen 's 10 percent , chengdu , and beijing , a year - on - year decline of 3.1 percent .
the organization department of the cpc central committee has called for further intensifying supervision over the selection and appointment of leading cadres and cadres .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the organization department of the cpc central committee recently issued a circular on strengthening the supervision of cadres .
the " opinions " demands that organization departments at all levels proceed from strict management and caring for and cherish cadres , run through the training of cadres through all links of routine management of selection and appointment during the cadre inspection process , establish and improve a mechanism of supervision to strengthen and improve the mechanism of prevention and rectification in a timely manner , and earnestly strengthen supervision over the selection and appointment of leading cadres and cadres .
the " opinions " pointed out : the main task of supervision over cadres of organizational departments is : first , supervision over leading bodies and leading cadres should be carried out , and the focus should be on strengthening supervision over the principal responsible persons of leading bodies ; second , supervision over the selection and appointment of leading cadres in party and government organizations . the focus should be on supervising and inspecting the implementation of the " regulations on the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres in party and government organizations . "
while conducting supervision over leading bodies and leading cadres , the opinions have pointed out : we should unremittingly grasp education on ideals and convictions and on the education on combating corruption and promoting clean government , run the education through the training , selection , and management of cadres , guide and supervise leading cadres to enhance their party spirit , persist in building a party that serves the people , and build a strong ideological and moral defense line for resisting corruption and guarding against degeneration .
we should hold the same view as the newly promoted cadres when they are engaged in the work of promoting honest and self - disciplined cadres .
we should supervise leading bodies at all levels to uphold democratic centralism , establish and improve rules and procedures for making decisions , and earnestly implement the system of combining collective leadership with individual responsibility .
we should give prominence to supervision over the principal responsible persons of leading bodies , and should regularly coordinate with the principal responsible persons of the organizational and personnel departments at the lower level to understand the situation of their ideological work and their style of work .
we should establish and improve a system for day - to - day management and supervision of leading cadres , regularly understand and analyze the ideological style of leading cadres , and put forward opinions and measures for solving problems .
it is necessary to implement a system of admonitory talks and letter - oriented education for leading cadres , and to promptly admonish and inquire into any symptom of problems .
we should give priority to the conspicuous problems of leading cadres that the masses are concerned about , and should criticize and educate those who are found to have problems or have problems that have occurred in a way that is different from the circumstances , and should transfer those leading cadres who violate discipline and law to law enforcement organs , and should adopt appropriate methods to clarify those problems that are really not problematic after investigations .
at the same time , it is necessary to combine strengthening supervision with encouraging cadres to boldly explore new ways and blaze new trails and pay attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the opinions demand that organizations ( personnel ) and departments at all levels effectively strengthen supervision over the selection and appointment of leading cadres in the party and government organizations .
further improve the system of nominations for cadres ' nomination , deliberation of nomination , and decision - making , and strictly ensure that the selection and use of personnel are properly done , so as to make the political work closer to the original work , the mass work is able to select cadres at all levels effectively guarantee the quality of the people 's leading posts .
we should strengthen supervision over the enforcement of the regulations on the appointment of cadres , strictly investigate and deal with acts that violate the regulations on the appointment of cadres , and resolutely check unhealthy trends and corrupt phenomena in the use of cadres .
the practice of supervising and investigating serious problems in the use of personnel in violation of the regulations has been carried out , and the intensity of supervision and investigation has been intensified .
establish and improve a system for investigating and affixing responsibility for the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres ; scientifically define in a scientific manner the contents of responsibility for each link of the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres ; define ways to investigate and affix responsibility ; and intensify the investigation of the cases .
we should give full play to the role of the masses in creating a mechanism that facilitates the security of grassroots units and effectively helps grassroots units in grassroots units .
we should give play to the role of public opinion in supervision , and report to the news media on relevant conditions of the selection and appointment of cadres in good time and accept supervision by public opinion .
the opinions pointed out : it is necessary to further improve the mechanism for coordinating and coordinating the work of cadre supervision .
the organization ( personnel ) departments should strengthen coordination with the discipline inspection organs , establish a system of supervision and inspection work and communication with the discipline inspection organs in relation to the work of improving the party 's work style and building a clean and honest government , and enhance the joint force of supervision .
and work with discipline inspection organs to conscientiously do a good job in inspection work , improve inspection methods , improve the inspection system , and improve the quality of inspection tours .
together with auditing organs , they have conscientiously implemented the system of auditing leading cadres ' economic responsibilities .
we should improve the mechanism of internal supervision over the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres in organization departments .
taiwan authorities ' act of investing in mainland china
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the taiwan authorities ' department in charge of economic affairs decided on the 15th to punish one of the chuang shuang yao - te joint - stock company limited ( hereinafter referred to as hualien shares ) new taiwan dollar 5 million , for reasons that it was nt to assist banya in its bid to join the zhujian science and technology company on the mainland in violation of rules .
taiwan 's chung - kuo shih - pao reported that this was the result of chen shui - bian 's vigorous management of the cross - strait economic and trade policy , and the first example of the punishment imposed on taiwan businessmen 's investment in the mainland by the taiwan authorities .
according to reports , the taiwan zhuangyuan economic research institute said that some people from the united microelectronics company were involved in violation of the regulations governing relations between the people on both sides of the strait and the regulations governing investment or technological cooperation in the mainland .
in the future , the breath bread will try to compare the situation with the former chairman of the board of directors of the united microelectronics company , cao xingcheng , and others .
the liuhe power case started in february 2005 . at that time , taiwan 's prosecutors department used as many as 100 people in the house and office of several senior officials of the united power company to conduct a surprise inspection , saying that united microelectronics was suspected of providing funds and manpower resources to the investment on the mainland and science and technology circle of the warship .
the then chairman of ufj , tsao hsing - cheng , then publicly stated that unicom did not violate any regulations of the taiwan authorities . the purpose of providing assistance from uyc and sasac is to link up with the power industry 's long - term interests . if unita fails to enter the mainland market as soon as possible , it will lose business opportunities .
later , the financial supervisory committee of the taiwan authorities ' has violated relevant regulations on commercial information , and imposed nt $ 3 million on the united nations .
on january 9 , 2006 , the board of directors of unicom accepted the resignation of cao xingcheng . cao xingcheng was officially indicted several hours later on for suspected involvement in illegal investment on the mainland .
the united telecommunications company ( lsi ) and taiwan 's lc circuits company ( hereinafter referred to as taiwan 's jiyuan shuangxiong ) are leading hi - tech enterprises on the island .
the taiwan authorities ' annual series of investigation and handling actions against united microelectronics have attracted great attention from all circles on the island .
second round of my breath macao , aug. 2
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the second batch of my warriors in macao , zhuhai , was announced in beijing on the 17th that the re - unification of macao , which is the part of the chinese people around the world , was the part of the writing of my heroic essay .
the competition was jointly sponsored by the macao foundation and the baihua literary and art publishing house , " the outer edition of the essay literature and the sea " , and chen jiangong , vice chairman of the chinese writers association , and others were appointed as the directors of the evaluation committee .
in 2004 , the fifth anniversary of macao 's return to the motherland , the zhuhai literature competition in my heart , which was held in the first batch of literary lovers at home and abroad , responded positively . the organizing committee has received more than 8,000 entries and more than 10 award winners from home and abroad have been invited to the macao sar to receive the award .
wu zhiliang , executive member of the macao foundation , said at a press conference on the 17th that the history of zhuangliang in macao was included in the list of world cultural heritage last year , not only implies that the people of macao have long been able to live in the cultural heritage of macao , as well as the community management . this also means that the chinese nation , which is passed on to the traditional sister - child culture heritage in macao sar , and that the macao sar
wu zhiliang said : it is precisely under such a good cultural atmosphere that the macao foundation and the bahua literary and art publishing house have decided to cooperate again and hold the second zhuoji [ zhuoji ] literature competition in macao , my heart , and hope that the contestants will display their patriotic love and macao sentiment , display the superior humanity of macao , and the unique characteristics of stability and harmony in the special administrative region , and the embodiment of
the competition was held at the end of september this year . the release , " the outer sheet of the press and publication administration , " will open a special column to select and write entries for the competition .
after the results are announced , the selection will be held in the macao sar in early 2007 .
shandong province successfully implemented a system of cardiac transplant
jinan , february 17 ( xinhua ) zhang yuqing , lu ruiqin , a garbage disease research institute of the jinan military region , recently successfully performed a heart transplant operation of infant and child care .
on the 17th , the reporter saw in the intensive care room that the 51 - day baby was filled with red face , and all monitoring and inspection indicators were normal . after the operation was smoothly passed , the medical personnel were enthusiastically playing with the toys that the medical personnel bought him .
according to the medical doctor who received the treatment on that day , the child from tai an , shandong , was taken to the hospital by his parents . he was purple and breathing , difficult to breathe . he was diagnosed with cyantic cyanic anthropy and had to undergo heart transplant .
heart transplant is the most difficult and most dangerous in heart surgery .
in particular , the cause of heart transplant operation of infants under one year is still empty in china .
the center for cardiovascular disease of the jinan military region organized experts to repeatedly prove and carefully design an operation and post - operation plan , and made independent innovations in the method of coaching with blood vessels , and conducted animal experiments .
8 : 00 am on december 28 , 2005 , the surgery officially began .
the body was found in a cardiac which was caused by innate bediabetes of the early lung .
the operation must be in line with six blood vessels , with more than 510 injections , and each injection is less than 3 millimeters .
after the operation was successfully conducted in 295 minutes .
china to control coal mine accidents
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) four fatal traffic accidents occurred in the north china sea in the wake of the accident , which killed more than 100 people and caused the curbing of four major and serious accidents in xianglang coal mine to become the top priority of the national safety supervision work this year .
the reporter learned from the state administration of work safety on 17 july that it is necessary to effectively check the frequent occurrence of extraordinarily serious accidents , such as coal mines , and the coal mines are the top priority .
this year , the state administration of safety supervision will grasp the following three things :
+ brow continues to fight a battle of fighting fortified battle .
the gas management plan this year will first draw a prominent position before extracting a backward production .
if the gas mine is not pulled out first , then it must be ordered to immediately stop production according to law .
appearing to continue to fight a battle of rectification and closing .
we should turn the 5243 public notice to the public , and the 700 - plus coal mine pits recently reported by all localities , which are close to the truth .
we should regard closing down as a regular task , and constantly close down those waste resources and those coal mines that do not have safety conditions .
zhuangju mine safety management .
we must immediately correct the situation of small number of large state - owned mines from skating , and establish a standardized security management system for small mines that are in chaos in management .
in particular , we must grasp key state - owned coal mines , and must never allow super - intensity production of super - intense coal mines .
this year , the targets for production safety demand that the number of deaths of all types nationwide dropped by 3 percent over last year , of which the number of coal mines decreased by 3.5 percent .
more than 10 people were killed in an extraordinarily serious accident , and the number of accidents dropped by 5 percent , of which the number of coal mines dropped by 79 percent .
these control indices have been issued to provincial - level people 's governments , and various localities have been implementing them at various levels to grass - roots units and enterprises .
statistics show that in 2005 , 5,986 people were killed in coal mine accidents nationwide , a drop of 0.77 percent from the same period last year .
however , the accident happened to the other side of the country , with the number of people killed and more than 10 people injured rising , up 66.6 percent .
( international ) barroso calls on all parties to compromise in kosovo 's future status negotiations
belgrade , february 17 ( xinhua ) the european union ( eu ) will continue to support the eu 's efforts to protect its interests , said eu president barroso here today .
on the same day , barroso met with president of the provisional authority of kosovo serbia serbia 's serb representative , and other representatives of serbia 's serb ethnic group , saying that all parties concerned in kosovo should adopt a tolerant attitude to establish a kosovo of democracy and the integration of many nationalities , and a kosovo , which respects the government 's governance and protects the rights and interests of ethnic minorities , can be recognized by the international community .
he also stressed that the european commission would do its best to help kosovo 's development .
barroso also expressed his appreciation for kosovo 's current efforts to implement the eight standards set by the united nations on the democratic process in kosovo .
he said : the implementation of these standards is the key factor affecting the integration of kosovo and europe .
he also called on all serbs in kosovo to join the organizations in kosovo to make efforts to realize the integration of democracy and multiple ethnic groups in kosovo .
barroso arrived in the capital of kosovo on the same day for a one - day visit .
earlier , barroso visited croatia and serbia and montenegro , and will visit macedonia , albania and bosnia - herzegovina .
china to promote world peace , stability , development : report beijing , june 28
duelin , february 17 ( xinhua ) the united states has decided to send a new military plane to iraq , the united states , the republic of korea , russia and japan .
xinhua news agency reporter , gao ying
although italy has repeatedly issued an order , saying that the bodies of people who were found to be using stimulants during the winter olympics may be facing the sexual disaster of the spirits of the warrants , judging from various circumstances at present , this situation is not very likely to be the main character of the stimulant scandal at the current winter olympics games , russia 's player , the one of the two of the stimulants scandals .
the turin winter olympic games on 16 june , the first doping scandal since the opening ceremony , o'neva was found to have used a drug - free card .
the ioc announced the following day that it had been expelled from the winter olympics and that she had won the winter championship in the winter games .
the international winter and quarterly league made a decision on the same day to impose a two - year ban on the distribution of illiterates .
the ioc has always stipulated that athletes are uncovered and used stimulants in the olympic games , and will be dismissed and deprived of their qualifications for the games , but will not be punished by the law .
however , according to italian law , the drugs carrying and using stimulants are criminal acts , and the judiciary has the right to directly arrest and investigate the doping players , who try to defy the law will face a severe test of imprisonment of three months to three years .
in december last year , the ioc and the italian government , after a year of bargaining , finally reached an agreement , and both sides agreed to settle the issue of the stimulant used by the athletes in accordance with italian law during the winter olympics .
with the unremitting efforts of the international olympic committee , italy made concessions four days before the opening of the winter olympics , promising that police would not enter the olympic village to search the host country 's seat . however , athletes who are showing positive drugs will still be investigated by italian procuratorial organs .
it is reported that the italian government oversees the winter olympics , peiscant , an official from the italian government , has handed over the stimulant from liewa to the duhringin procuratorate .
however , the ioc and peiscant themselves have not yet confirmed this .
the russian winter team , the two team , anderson , revealed at noon on the 17th that alpha had left dushin and returned to the country .
he has served in the world anti - doping agency for many years , and chinese sports official shi kangcheng believes that once a leava returns to china , this matter may eventually lead to the end of that .
shi said the ioc and the italian government have made great efforts to promote the cooperation between the ioc and the italian winter sports council , even if italian procuratorial organs really intervene in this matter , the result is hard to say .
according to the previous practice of italy 's punitive use of stimulants , the maximum penalty given to the banned is only two years of imprisonment suspended for the two years .
therefore , senior italian news agency journalist pierre said that the reason for leava 's presence in prison is very small , at most , the fine .
pierre also said that although the italian court could be absent , it is impossible for the italian police to capture lega and take a sentence back from abroad .
if they sent lena to refuse to accept the verdict , the italian side would have no way to take her .
news roundup : new bird flu sites continue to emerge in all countries
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the bird flu has been spreading further in the african continent , according to xinhua news agency .
the world health organization confirmed on the 17th that three areas in egypt had been found dead by bird flu virus .
in europe , france discovered for the first time five types of bird flu viruses , european countries have been highly vigilant , and have stepped up preventive measures .
the who 's east mediterranean advisor , hassan bush , told the press on 17 november that currently , the shiite al-zibara in central egypt and three areas in the southern part of minya have discovered 51 avian influenza virus , and relevant departments of the egyptian government have already begun to kill poultry suspected of having been infected with avian influenza .
experts pointed out that egypt is a country in the middle east and north africa where migratory birds are migrating , and it is very likely that migratory birds will carry the bird flu virus into the country .
egypt has announced a ban on the import of live poultry from other countries and has stepped up quarantine work at border ports .
the chinese side is willing to work with the sudanese side to further promote the development of the two countries ' relations .
cameroon has decided to suspend the import of all poultry and pork from nigeria , which is in the bird flu epidemic , and suspend all poultry and related products from the markets along the border .
the government of cameroon also built a national epidemic monitoring network within a short period of time , and the bastard center and national veterinary laboratory in the country are in an emergency state , so that they can be tested on the 5polite virus at any time .
in europe , denmark and sweden , the epidemic was initially ruled out on the 17 th .
the swedish veterinary institute released the results of a laboratory test on the dead swans found on wednesday this week , indicating that swedish swans have no bird flu virus .
the danish national veterinary administration 's preliminary laboratory results also showed that 30 dead swans were confirmed to have been infected with the avian flu virus in denmark .
however , the agriculture department said denmark should not take it lightly .
in eastern europe , nine bird flu outbreaks have been reported in romania this year , who experts said in bucharest on the 17th that the bird flu has been found in almost all areas of the danube delta region , and romania may continue to be threatened by bird flu in the next three or five years .
in bangladesh , asia , the government has taken all necessary measures to prevent avian flu .
the government 's livestock services bureau ( hfb ) has provided relevant officials with books on avian flu prevention and has also organized poultry rearing personnel to receive training .
china 's first share of blood information management system in zhejiang province
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the first joint blood information center in china has been operating on a regular basis in the center , according to a blood center in zhejiang province , the ministry said here today .
a relevant person in the zhejiang blood center said that this means that any citizen will have to conduct a blood donation in any county ( city ) of zhejiang province in the future to give blood without compensation , and there will be a unique code record . when he donates blood , he will have to input the relevant code blood transmissions , which means the last time of blood donation of blood , which means that the blood donation time of the blood type , which means that the last time of
the responsible person further explained that if the relevant code records are imported into the system , the system shows that the insolvent will be inconsistent with this donation condition .
this way , not only can the health of the donors themselves be protected , but the health and safety of the blood users be protected effectively .
in addition , when the blood supply is strained , the donors and their relatives have the right to give priority to the use of blood . if you input the effective documents of the blood donors , you can immediately display the blood donor information , which is quite convenient .
according to a report in hangzhou 's " today morning news , " the information system has been put into use in all 36 blood - collecting organizations throughout the province , and the blood resources of various organizations for providing blood have been displayed in real time , thus sharing the data of the entire province .
to prevent the recurrence of hillside landslides , 11 villages in the philippines urgently withdrew
manila , february 18 ( xinhua ) the philippine government has decided to cut the number of hillslopes in the eastern philippines to 12,000 in order to prevent a similar landslide incident , local officials said on wednesday .
the official said the government had decided to launch a new round of village - level talks with the government on tuesday , but the village was located in the same area , with a similar characteristic .
the 11 villages that had been evacuated will be rehoused in seven evacuation centers .
larias said : yesterday the government ordered residents to withdraw , and today sent people to check the villages because some people did not want to leave their homes .
on the 17th , the mountain landslide occurred in the southern sbc sodium town , a village on a hill , in south lesotho province . viewed from the television picture , the soil and stone have already buried the entire village and can only see several roofs .
since the soil is very thick and well - humidity , people buried below can survive very little hope .
there are 109 deaths and 57 others are rescued .
it is estimated that the death toll of the accident may reach as high as 1,800 .
( overseas chinese situation ) quanzhou , southern fujian 's home of overseas chinese quanzhou export up 35.2 percent in the first month of this year .
fuzhou , february 19 ( xinhua ) the city 's export volume in january continued to maintain a high growth rate , according to a report released by the city 's bureau of foreign trade and economic cooperation ( quanzhou ) here today .
according to the statistics of the customs , quanzhou achieved $ 330 - million in exports in january , setting a record high , an increase of 35.2 percent over the same period last year , which was higher than the average growth level of the whole province .
according to the analysis of quanzhou city 's foreign economic relations bureau , the reason for the rapid growth of foreign trade in quanzhou in january was mainly due to the increased enthusiasm of enterprises in terms of export performance , the brisk economic operation in quanzhou , the increased confidence of enterprises in operation , and the unimpeded environment for foreign trade development .
