among the products carried in the bamboo rudike , two mobile computers were stolen .
afp , london , 6th .
the daily telegraph in london pointed out that two diagnostic traces of princess diana 's death in paris in 1997 were discovered by the police chief of the metropolitan police office .
the report pointed out that the theft triggered a strong speculation that the computer might hide a computer made up of the former metropolitan police chief , sir steve smith .
however , a man who is a cosmopolitan police officer said that no sensitive computer was found in the computer or related information was found .
" the two sides have agreed to further strengthen cooperation in the field of security and cooperation , " said sir robert smith , director of the nobel aapia police , the british noisy police .
the report said that nobel laureate , a senior police officer of nobel peace - keeping agency , had been searching for two stolen cases over the past 10 days .
a large - scale explosion occurred in a village on january 28 - 29 , including computer and cash .
the nobel peace prize is also a major step in the fight against the crime , which is the first time in the world , the nobel peace prize winner , has been awarded the honorary title of the national police agency .
" the two sides have been chasing for the prince of wales 's cause of death , not directly leading the accident .
the royal corpse chief brisker ordered in 2004 to continue to investigate the relevant evidence .
the death of princess diana on august 31 , 1997 , in a paris tunnel accident , the two children were killed together .
the french police have been investigating the case for two years and believed that the cause of the accident was caused by drunk driving and drug taking , resulting in the car missing .
sri lanka 's belgian and sri lankan sides agreed to hold talks in geneva in late october
afp , lun lun on the 7th .
the home mediation center is now working for peace , norway said , adding that sri lanka 's belgian combatant group agreed to hold talks in geneva , switzerland on the 22 nd of this month to resolve the dispute over the racial bloodshed that had been over for several decades .
norwegian peace envoy solheim held talks with his excellency in london on the issue of the liberty tiger of tanilan liberation tiger barzer , and this breakthrough was made .
norwegian embassy here said in a statement that glaciers are mounting in sri lanka , which means that the sri lankan government and the tamil eelam liberation tigers have asked the norwegian government to assist in holding talks in geneva on february 22 , 2005 , in two days in geneva .
the two - day talks will focus on how to strengthen the negotiation on how to strengthen the cease - fire agreement that will come into force on 23 february 2002 , which has never been fully observed by both sides .
norway 's embassy pointed out that the two sides will discuss how to improve and implement the cease - fire agreement , which is the first high - level military engagement between the two sides over the past three years .
ssolham said that he will lead a norwegian team to participate in the negotiations and the liberation tigers of tamil eelam were led by barzer , while the sri lankan government was led by health minister .
he said : the spotlight is a road leading to peace . however , it is important . the process of the negotiations will be arduous .
the solution to the ethnic conflict in sri lanka was face - to - face in march 2003 when a meeting was held in japan , but the liberation tigers of tamil eelam eliminated the original plan to hold the seventh round of talks in thailand in april 2003 .
du lin has been the first to win the championship in the winter olympics .
afp on the morning of the 10 th , dordin
article 20 the winter olympics games will be held in du lin today , and the cold war period will be an enemy of south korea and north korea , and the team from both sides will join hands in the ceremony .
south korean women 's skating team li baola won the gold medal with north korean men 's floral skating player han zheng - ren , who served respectively as the head of the two - national team , led the south - north korean team to enter the winter games hall .
this is the first time that south korea and north korea have held a joint olympic games in the winter games .
to reflect the latest economic situation in which both sides have achieved reconciliation , the two sides have decided to hold the olympic games in sydney summer in 2000 and the athens summer games in 2004 .
north korea has not participated in the us salt lake city summit .
the korean peninsula was established in 1948 as a tool for the separation of the south and the north of the communist party of china . both sides fought a bloody war between the korean war from 1950 to 1953 .
the southern part of north korea 's leaders were held in 2000 after a peace summit meeting , and relations between the two sides improved .
according to tradition , the greek team is the first country to enter the competition , and the team is the first to be the first to participate in the competition in the country , the 22 nd supermarkets , the korean north , is the 23 - member country .
the landlord ye was elected the first leg of the last game , and the italian team was the only one to win the game .
mr footman has been indulgent in drugs and has been able to quickly realize the new development of performing arts .
afp , new york , april 16 .
the " one china " principle , which is commonly recognized as the most hope to win this year 's soscar film , jiobi , and bai lichen , the principal player in the cooler blood , was the principal player , and revealed that he had been unable to extricate himself from drugs and wine when he was rarely seen in his wildlife , and lucky had been able to take off the test of success later , thus opening up a new
mr footman said in an interview with cbs news magazine , " 60 minutes of glossy " , that period of time , in order to get drugs and wine , it was really unusual to adopt all kinds of means .
at that time , he was only 20 , and he just started to work in the drama department of new york university and entered a society of five bright and ten colors . everyday , he was fast rotating , and finally got to control his head from his head .
he said in his 22 - year - old career that he had entered the retrograde and quit alcohol and drug , that was the most panacea of his life .
the upcoming fourth session of the ninth national people 's congress [ npc ] will be held in oslo next month .
in this regard , he was very superb and had long been affirmed and had won many awards .
this official of the 38 - year - old actor said in the interview that if he did not make up his mind to change his bad habit before becoming a famous actor , he might not have been nominated by oscar .
he said : he is very envied with those young people who were 19 years old and suddenly become numerous gold .
the bird flu has gone missing four times in europe and the liberian people are in panic .
afp , brussels , march 16 , 2007
the avian flu virus has been traced to the bottom of europe , causing panic .
the eu executive council passed a supplementary instrument to set up a secondary buffer zone to control the detection of virus in all countries and to ban all the poultry and poultry - type bio - transportation .
the african country 's nigeria is the first leg of the leptospirosis virus after discovering the lethal , shaped 5veraculous , shaped up to more chicken farms . signs show that it has crossed the northern border to niger .
egyptian officials are investigating the death of a chicken farm in the south , which suddenly broke out in a chicken farm , and are worried that the virus may continue to spread .
the european chicken market has been affected by the virus and the big decline is the eu executive committee stressed that there is no reason for panic .
the executive committee is responsible for the health and food safety executive committee , mr didididididididididimitris , said that people are concerned about this , but there is no need to react too much .
following the release of the virus discovery in the three - kilometer area around the area and the 10 - km warning zone , the eu executive committee again issued new regulations to list the european region where the virus is discovered as buffer zones in the buffer zones .
a man who did not want to be named pointed out that each person is very nervous and has to go to the handling of the cases of paperwork from europe every day to the evening to suspect that the epidemic has erupted .
the european region has so far taken the initiative to protect the mounting mount butterfly in the western part of the country , from slovenia , ukraine and russia 's territory in europe .
romania 's foreign trade deficit hit 34-2 - million u s dollars in 1996 , up from the 31st case in romania , austria , and lugenoji island in germany .
the italian government has been in the southern part of italy for the first time to detect the avian flu virus in two ducks , which is the first wild swans in europe to infect 5vergluated , one virus .
the eu officials are most concerned about the future economic growth of the african migratory birds .
nigeria , nigeria to strengthen cooperation in fighting against illegal migration in africa
nigeria 's government announces that all the poultry farms in the vicinity of the infected farms are within five kilometers of the territory , regardless of whether they are threatened by the virus , they will be destroyed .
the neighboring countries of nigeria announced that the national police force had entered the alert and allocated $ 4 million in emergency plans to monitor the situation of the border with nigeria .
the newly established state emergency committee said that they had received notification that they would conduct a " strike - hard " investigation in the divine border of the loose border between the two countries .
the china electronics bank business management new regulation will be implemented on 1 march .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 6 ( reporter han jie and xu bo ) the reporter learned from the china banking regulatory commission that recently the cbrc released the " procedures for managing e - banking business " and the " guidelines for evaluating e - banking security " will come into effect on march 1 , 2006 .
the china banking regulatory commission said that according to the regulations of the management measures , the approval methods of foreign - funded financial institutions have basically remained unchanged , that is , after foreign banks are allowed to operate online banking business , they should be approved by the branch of the bank in china if the new types of banking business are to be added .
to standardize the operation of commercial banks by using the internet , the chinese people 's bank formulated and promulgated " regulations on managing internet banking business " in june 2001 .
the china banking regulatory commission said that with the development of the e - banking business of commercial banks , the interim procedures cannot meet the requirements of the regulation of e - banking risks . the cbrc has formulated two new regulations for this purpose .
according to the statistics released by the cbrc , the cbrc has made a decision on the quality of its safety assessment organizations , which is different from the administrative licensing system of industry access or enterprise access , and is not the necessary condition for evaluating the institution to conduct the electronic banking safety assessment business . it is only for the financial institution to make reference in selecting the assessment institution .
only when the safety assessment institution meets the relevant requirements and requirements can the safety of the cbrc be verified without the qualification of the cbrc , can the financial institution also employ it to conduct an electronic banking safety assessment , but it should be managed in accordance with the relevant regulations .
the " electronic banking business management method " has nine chapters and 99 articles , which are divided into four chapters , each applying and changing the risks management data exchange and transfer management , management , management , management , cross - border business activities , management , management responsibilities , and supplementary provisions , etc.
the " electronic banking safety assessment guidelines " has five chapters and 57 items , including general loading and assessment organizations ' safety assessment organizations ' implementation of 57 epistemic safety assessment activities and supplementary reports .
the " expositions of mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , chen yun on investigation and study " published
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 6 - - the " expositions on the expositions of mao zedong , zhou enlai , zhu de , deng xiaoping , and chen yun " compiled by the central party literature research center recently were published and distributed by the central party literature publishing house .
we should profoundly conduct investigations and studies in reality , persist in integrating theory with practice , and draw up and implement correct lines , principles , and policies from this to the point of view , and this is the basic experience and work method of the revolution led by the cpc .
mao zedong 's flesh and beggars liu shaoqi , zhu de , sheper , deng xiaoping , chen yun , and other revolutionaries of the older generation made many important and elegant expositions on the investigation and study issues . they also went deep down to the grass - roots level to conduct social surveys and wrote many reports on the investigation .
they were investigating and studying practice and results , and they were of great guiding significance for guiding the party 's and the people 's cause to advance along the correct path .
the " expositions of mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , and chen yun " are divided into three parts : the first part is the expositions made by mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation on investigation and study , and the second part is the works of mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation on investigation and study , and the third part is the three investigation teams of mao zedong and liu shaoqi , who came to inspect
these surveys have mostly been the first public announcement .
in addition , there are two feature articles on the development of the central leaders ' investigation and study in the 1950 s and 1960 s .
russia reiterates its adherence to the one - china stand
xinhua news agency , moscow , february 6 - russian deputy foreign minister alekseyev said when meeting with chinese ambassador to russia liu guchang on the 6th that russia adheres to the one - china stand .
aziz said that the two countries have taken note of the fact that chen shui - bian recently talked about taiwan independence .
russia 's government has consistently adhered to the one - china principle and firmly supported china 's efforts to realize the great cause of national reunification .
last year , the npc of china passed the " anti - secession law , " and russia took the lead in publicly expressing its support .
aziz said that the two countries have had fruitful cooperation in the political , economic , cultural , educational , cultural , educational , cultural , educational , cultural , educational , cultural , educational , cultural , educational , cultural , educational , cultural , educational , cultural , educational , cultural , educational , cultural , educational , cultural , educational , cultural , educational , cultural , cultural , educational , cultural , educational , cultural , educational , cultural , educational , cultural , educational , cultural , cultural , educational , cultural , cultural
( overseas news agency , china ) two days of chinese compatriots in south africa
xinhua news agency , johannesburg , february 6 ( reporter chen ming ) - the fuqing ethnic chinese overseas chinese in fujian province , lin yixing , was arrested in a bar run by local militants in the early morning of 5 february local time in south africa . after the accident , the hospital of the south african judicial capital , burunan hospital , was saved and nullied .
according to the statistics of the liberal state federation of chinese - speaking people , the incident took place at more than 130 kilometers northwest of burundi , a restaurant in welkm city .
at that time , the shop owner lin yixing collected a total of goods inside the bar and prepared to end his business for one day .
at this time , there were three customers , one of them was pulled out of the pistol and rushed to the bar .
over the past 40 years , lin yixing and the ruffians fought against the ruffians . they fired one shot against lin yixing and fled behind .
the man who heard the news about the incident rushed to the scene to send lin yixing to the hospital for medical treatment . since lin yixing appeared in all the myriad hematopoietic blood pipe , blood swab , and blood was not stopped out , he died at around 3 : 30 a. m . on 6 february .
on 6 february , the chinese embassy in jordan xu defu and wu duo in the consulate general of china , as well as lin chang - ming , vice chairman of the association of fellow countrymen in south africa , rushed to burunan to help the family of the deceased handle the aftermath of the incident .
mr lam said that the hong kong police force had been on the alert for the murder of the three chinese men in 36 hours and was also the fourth chinese killed in south africa since the beginning of this year .
( newspaper clippings ) shanghai : part - time personnel and college graduates become the main force of hours industry
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 7 - the labor and social security bureau of shanghai released the latest hull and guiding prices of labor market rates for 2006 , with 120 jobs , an increase of 11 , compared with the previous time , the original positions were based in uniform , and sometimes in uniform , and sometimes in turn , in turn , in turn , in turn , the position was raised and dropped .
according to the statistics of the labor and social security bureau of shanghai , the current average wage rate for hours in shanghai has exceeded 1 million .
according to a report in the china youth daily , college graduates and part - time employees are the main component of the ipermit team .
through the investigation and study of nearly 8,000 hours of work , over half of the staff are part - time personnel , and the proportion of them is 51.1 percent .
the deputy director of the cultural level of part - time laborers is generally relatively high , and the work is mainly engaged in technical work , such as translation and part - time personnel , as high as 81.7 percent , and fitness and body - building up to 61.6 percent .
gao said that high incomes are an important reason why many people are working for hours and work for part - time jobs .
according to reports , some posts have a monthly income of tens of thousands of yuan and a small number of jobs are hard to pursue , just like the translation of the sound , and the monthly income of an hour workers can reach more than 2,000 yuan , such as part - time financial , uniform , and fungus yi yi yi yi yi yi yi yi yi yi yi yi yi yi yi yi yi yi yi yi yi yi yi .
to meet the needs of individual interests and expand their knowledge , they are also part - time workers who are in favor of them .
if the person in charge of a certain enterprise 's human resources department , mr. gu , will spend a few hours a week to handle a case of financial accounting of a foreign - funded office .
gu , who considered that the most part - time benefits were to make our knowledge more updated and more competitive and to have opportunities to involve another area , of course , the income of $ 2,000 per month also has a certain degree of enticement .
as some hours of work are on the low threshold of employment , the forms of work are flexible and free , and many graduates are gradually getting favored by job - seeking , with 14,000 graduates from tertiary and secondary schools working on the hours of work being nearly three years .
the chinese people 's liberation army [ pla ] did not want to work on an hour at the beginning , but after doing it a few months , i felt that it was better than the korean team 's work that was going to work on 9 and 5 that evening .
university students , huang graduated , were looking for jobs as if they were not satisfactory . in the end , they were wearing a name at a guesthouse and used piano to play background music .
the chinese people 's confidence in the current work is that the work is very satisfactory , 100 yuan per hour , and the environment is good . now i will find a few hours of labor , and labor is filled with flagship .
according to reports , the working hours have become a number of job - seekers who are currently working hard to temper their work experience , enhance communication skills , enhance their communication skills , and increase social experience .
the graduates will work on an hour , mainly in the knowledge and skills sectors with relatively strong skills , such as specialised employment in translation , era - oriented , and creative industries .
the iec will provide a wide range of job opportunities , such as food promoters and marketing agents , and the unemployed will receive simple training .
the data showed that the average wage rate of employees originally was 1 percent of the unemployed , and the proportion of retail unemployment was only 3 percent .
wu bangguo said in anhui , he is very glad to see the achievements made by the people of the two countries in reform and opening up
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 8 ( zou shengwen , zhou limin ) - the standing committee of the political bureau of the cpc central committee recently inspected work in anhui , and stressed that it is necessary to use the three sets of concepts as guidance , persist in taking the scientific development concept to unify the overall economic and social development situation , seriously implement the principles and policies of the central authorities in light of local realities , further emancipate the mind , creatively carry out work , and implement the
on 6 and 8 february , wu bangguo went to the maanshan luxinghu , wufu , and other places to go deep in enterprises ' rural vertical scientific research institutes and colleges and universities to inspect .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui has the advantage of linking up the western henan region to the north , which is an important agricultural region in china . it has rich natural resources and a good industrial foundation , and has strong scientific education and scientific and cultural tourist resources . it has great potential for development .
the province should firmly seize the opportunity of promoting the rise of central china , always uphold economic construction as the central task , and conscientiously implement the central authorities ' principles and policies in light of anhui 's actual conditions , carry out work in a creative way , implement the scientific development concept in concrete measures , and implement it in practical work .
we should promptly sum up practical experience , fully rely on the masses , and vigorously support reform and innovation and constantly create a new situation in anhui 's work .
we should actively promote the building of a harmonious society , persist in making the realization of the good , safeguarding the fundamental interests of the greatest majority of the people the starting point and the end result of all our work , actively create the conditions , gradually resolve the practical problems of the difficult masses , gradually adjust distribution relationships gradually , change the dual structure of urban and rural areas gradually narrowing the gap in regions , safeguard social fairness , and enable all the people to enjoy the fruits of reform and development .
wu bangguo stressed : china has reached the stage where it must rely more on enhancing its ability to innovate independently and improving its quality to promote economic and social development . only by vigorously promoting scientific and technological progress and innovation can we achieve a leap in the quality of the productive forces and truly promote economic and social development onto the track of scientific development .
we should establish and perfect as soon as possible system and mechanism conducive to innovation , increase investment in science and technology , encourage patent invention , develop well - known brand names , accelerate the transformation of scientific and technological achievements into practical productive forces , strengthen enterprises ' position as the main body of innovation on their own , and continuously raise the contribution rate of scientific and technological progress to economic growth .
we should support and encourage the participation of technological elements in distribution , and establish and perfect a statistical index system that embodies the ability to innovate independently , study and formulate financial and taxation factors , government procurement policies that support independent innovation , and form a policy system that encourages independent innovation .
we should , under the guidance of the spirit of the 17 th party congress , vigorously advocate the spirit of daring to innovate and compete , and strive to create a good atmosphere of talent coming forth in large numbers .
wu bangguo pointed out : in exercising the functions of managing state affairs according to law and building a socialist country ruled by law , the people 's congress has played an increasingly important role .
doing a good job of the work of the people 's congresses under the new situation : first , we should uphold the correct political orientation , unswervingly follow the path of socialist political development with chinese characteristics , organically integrate the upholding of the party 's leadership with the governance of the people and the rule of law .
second , we should closely center our work around the overall situation of the party and the state , closely center our work around the major issues of reform , development , and stability , and carry out our work closely around the hot and difficult issues of common concern to the masses , and constantly enhance the practical results of the work of the people 's congress .
third , we should give play to the characteristics and advantages of the people 's congress work , uphold democratic centralism , act in strict accordance with the procedures , and make a collective decision .
we should persist in following the mass line , take man as the foundation , and exercise power for the people , have deep feelings for the people , and work for the people 's interests .
the chinese government has proposed that major scientific research plans for the next 15 years be observed in china .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 9 ( reporter : li xing ) in order to enhance china 's international competitiveness and vigorously promote sustainable development and achieve key leaps , the state council issued on the 9th the " outline of the national medium and long - term scientific and technological development program ( 2006 - 2020 ) " and the " outline for the state 's medium and long - term scientific and technological development plan . "
this four - point proposal is the first of its kind in protein research on the quality of the protein , regulating and controlling the study of nanotechnology research and development and reproductive research .
the outline pointed out : protein science is the most important tool for the current intense contention of life in developed countries .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on studying the transformation of important biological systems , such as collecting protein from the beauty team , from the acting xie team , from the vertical structure , the leo - , and the verse , and the biology and system - based biology , which are used in the protein - related calculations , and the study of protein - related basic research and related applied basic research .
the outline also believes that the quantum regulation and control research is of a clear perspective and may be completed by 2030 , as a result of which it will have an unestimable impact on the social and economic development of mankind .
the chinese government will focus on studying the carrier rocket and regulation principles of quantum communication , the calculation of quantum , and the new quantum effect of the limited quantum system , the new principles and new technological basis of quantitative regulation and control , and the new technology basis .
in addition , the outline pointed out that nanotechnology has become the core technology in many countries to enhance their core competitiveness and is also a field in which china can achieve development by leaps and bounds .
in the next 15 years , china will continue to focus on research in this field , including the sustainable control of nanometric materials , self - assorted assorted equipment and functions , nano - biology and nanometer - medical , nanometer cosmetics , nanotechnology , and nanometer technology , and nanometer technology , etc.
the chinese population is growing by a large margin , with many flaws of birth , serious shortages of transplants , and the peak of aging is approaching , so it is urgently necessary to make a breakthrough in the theory of reproductive and development and innovation in technology .
according to the outline , the total amount of china 's grain reserves will be increased by more than 100 times in 2006 - 2020 , and the distribution of stem cells will be expanded to more mature and streamlined , and the mechanism for depression and retreat of human reproductive functions , and the safety and ethical principles of supplemented reproductive and interoperable cells .
shanghai 's real estate price index dropped by nearly 7 percentage points last year .
xinhua news agency , shanghai , february 9 ( reporter : huang tingjun ) - in 2005 , the state 's policy of macroeconomic regulation and control of the real estate industry was evidently successful in shanghai .
according to the latest data , the total amount of land used in shanghai 's real estate industry last year decreased or slowed down .
among them , the prices of residential housing dropped by 6.6 percent from the previous year , and the added value of the real estate industry decreased by 4.1 percent compared with the previous year .
shanghai municipal bureau of statistics , pan jianxin , said at a press conference the other day that the average price of shanghai 's residential housing in 2005 was 698 yuan / square meter , an increase of 313 yuan over 2004 .
the annual sales of residential housing increased by 3.2 percent over the previous year , a decrease of 6.6 percentage points compared with the same period last year .
the real estate industry increased by 6.7 - billion yuan in the whole year , a decrease of 4.1 percent over the previous year .
in the financial institutions ' loans , the proportion of individual housing mortgage loans was 264.494 - billion yuan , but the increase was only 9.84 - billion yuan in that year , and the new loan amount in 2004 reached 728.09 - billion yuan .
mr poon said that from the year of the real estate market in shanghai , the price of commercial housing was steadily declining .
the statistics also showed that according to the latest data , the total amount of property prices in shanghai fell to some extent in 2005 , and the average selling price of residential housing was 6698 yuan / square meters , up 313 yuan from 2004 .
in 2005 , the total sales price of housing was up 9.79 percent over the previous year , and the increase was 6.2 percentage points lower than that of the previous year .
according to him , the total amount of money spent in real estate development in shanghai reached 124.66 billion yuan last year , up 6.1 percent from the previous year .
sales area : 3158.870 million square meters , down 9.5 percent .
the annual sales volume of commercial properties was 216.13 billion yuan , down 45.5 percent from the previous year .
the two light aircraft crashed into a sea area in new zealand
xinhua news agency , wellington , february 9 - two new zealand light aircraft crashed in the northern part of the capital of wellington on the 9th , killing about 100 people on board , the official news agency reported .
according to the local civil aviation department 's relevant responsible person , the two aircraft had a flight attendant of the university 's flying college . they also had an interview with the staff members who had not yet obtained their flight licenses .
after the incident , two planes were flying in the non - air control area and according to regulations , the pilot 's flight in this kind of area should be responsible for the navigation and safety of the aircraft .
a man who was on the scene of the incident told the new zealand media that the plane collided with the explosive sound and saw the plane crash speed and crashed toward the ground .
the other witnesses said that the fire was caused by a bomb explosion before the crash .
at present , the cause of the collision is not clear , and the local civil aviation department will conduct an investigation on this .
( overseas news agency , china ) overseas chinese and ethnic chinese in argentina strongly condemn chen shui - bian 's superficial taiwan independence remarks
xinhua news agency , buenos aires , february 8 ( reporter cao yu ) - a delegation from overseas chinese and foreign nationals of chinese origin in argentina issued a solemn statement on the 8th , strongly condemning chen shui - bian 's recent " taiwan independence movement " hearsay and opposing any attempt to separate taiwan from china .
the statement said that chen shui - bian had a " three - no " stand in his speech on 29 january , declaring that he would abolish the veractic national association and the national unification guidelines , and would take one step toward taiwan independence .
the two sides of the strait are longing for peace and the taiwan compatriots ' desire for peace and stability and development are facing severe challenges .
the statement pointed out that resolutely opposing and curbing taiwan independence orion and preserving the vertapestry and stability in the taiwan strait area remains the most pressing task at present for compatriots on both sides of the strait and chinese society in the world .
the statement stressed that argentina 's peaceful reunification council is willing to join hands with all the political parties , organizations , and personalities of chinese origin in argentina who uphold the one - china principle , and resolutely oppose any form of convergence of taiwan independence and actively promote china 's peaceful reunification .
the chinese experts : the united states promotes china military threat , which is irrational and accusation .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 9 ( reporter : li xuangliang , yan liping ) - the pentagon recently submitted a " four - year defense assessment report " to congress , which claims that china is the most likely military challenge to the united states .
experts believe that this is a challenge to china 's normal national defense construction , and playing up china 's military threat theory . it is a challenge to china 's internal affairs .
the " four - year defense assessment report " is a new national defense guidance document of the pentagon .
this report , which has a 92 - page history , expounds three paragraphs on china 's military strength and the response that the united states should adopt , and the report has put forward 15 times to china 's surgical or pinlight , china 's two vertical surgery , and describe it as a major and emerging power , china has the greatest potential to engage in military competition with the united states , and if the united states does not have anti - measures , china
the chinese academy of military sciences ' research department of the world military studies department , yao yunzhu , said : although senior us officials have expressed similar views on many occasions before , this is the first large - scale demonstration of china in a similar national defense strategy report , which is most likely to pose a new major power to us military challenges .
the reason why the report clearly stated that russia 's fungus china was born in its newly emerging strategic competitors , especially the so - called china military threat theory , which has attracted more attention .
the chinese academy of military science research fellow major general peng guangqian said :
what merits attention is that in the " four - year defense assessment report " officially submitted to the state council , us president bush also submitted a 2007 fiscal budget to congress for fiscal year 2007 , of which the defense budget has reached $ 43.93 - billion .
the united states should add to it the " anti - terrorist " campaign in iraq and afghanistan , and the us budget for 2007 will break through the $ 500 - billion mark , setting a new record in history . peng guangqian said that the pulse was almost the same as all other countries ' military spending in the world .
peng guangqian said : the us guorui rumored around the threat of other countries reflects the pentagon 's consistent style of creating enemy " turned around , and its real purpose is to win more defense funds and fish for more wealth for the us mammoth arms industrial group .
experts say that compared with the huge us military spending , china 's defense spending is quite limited .
zeng qinghong , who has participated in many military experts ' reports written in china 's national defense white paper , said : since the 1990 's , with economic development , china 's national defense spending has increased somewhat , but the proportion of the state 's financial expenditure in the same period has declined on the whole .
official data show that in 2004 , the volume of china 's national defense expenditures accounted for more than one - third of the state 's financial expenditure for the same period .
in 2005 , china 's national defense budget was 246.56 billion yuan , only a small portion of the united states , and its per capita national defense spending is only about one - sixty percent of the united states , and the per capita military spending of servicemen is about one - thirty of the us military .
the united states ' land area and china 's territorial land are roughly equal , and the gap between military expenditure is so big , but who 's the military strength that goes beyond the legitimate defense needs goes without saying . this is something that goes without saying .
peng guangqian said :
the china arms control and disarmament association research department director teng jianqun said that the us side should objectively assess china 's military construction , and china 's peaceful development does not mean that china and the united states will become their adversaries militarily .
the " 2004 china - based national defense " white paper says that china firmly follows the path of peaceful development and practices a defensive national defense policy .
the chinese people have never seen how dawn in the future nor will they pose a threat to any country .
so far , china has not conducted any nuclear weapon test in any other country , nor has it sent any military personnel to other countries , and the united states has over 100 military bases overseas , and only has over 100 military bases deployed in the asian region .
professor li yihu of the international relations college of beijing university said : china and the united states should increase communication and exchanges through the established channels , enhance understanding and mutual trust , and comprehensively promote the constructive and cooperative relations between china and the united states in the new century , and jointly promote the maintenance of world peace and development .
( winter olympics )
xinhua news agency , duan , february 9 ( reporter ding ying , yan tao ) the 20th winter olympic games will be held on the evening of the 10th in duling olympic stadium .
on 9 june , turin winter olympics organizing committee informed reporters ahead of time the opening ceremony 's brilliant arrangements .
the chinese delegation also expressed their appreciation for the opening ceremony .
he said : on 10 november night , the whole people will remember it , and at that time , 350,000 viewers and 201 - million tv viewers from the world will see the flagflation successful opening ceremony , which is full of intense stress and successful experience .
the passion sounds flashing in the red and colorful red ring , the bright red - colored pigeons , and the white snow and dairy cattle in alps will appear at the opening ceremony , introducing the stories , the passion and vitality , and the italian - style talent hua will become the theme of the opening ceremony , and the winter olympics , the largest winter olympics games in history , will show people 's long - standing and cultural and cultural
the famous italian designer amazon said that the opening ceremony was designed to design the garments , and that the famous italian fashion brand moriso will provide a courtesy to the athletes ' entry ceremony .
however , the famous italian men 's soprano pavarotti will sing a song at the opening ceremony , and the organizing committee will keep this suspense in the final .
8 patients who could head the flame flames and the glaciers displayed their colors of three meters and a long flame .
the organizing committee officials said that this was the first time they had the most satisfactory works in the opening ceremony performance .
the decision on how to ignite the main torch has not been disclosed in advance , but as high as 57 meters will be taken on the main torch station , which will light the turin and the residents nearby alps .
( international ) white house announces that bush plans to visit pakistan and india in march
xinhua news agency , washington , february 9 ( reporter zhao yi , li xuejun ) - us white house spokesman mcclellan said at a news conference on the 9th that although the comic picture which blasphemed islamic prejudice mohamed has triggered a strong protest in the islamic world , president bush will still visit pakistan and india in accordance with the plan to visit pakistan and india in march .
mcnamara said that bush is looking forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he also said that the united states is now making preparations for this visit .
mcnamara is here at the invitation of various demonstrations in some areas of pakistan to protest blasphemy of islamic prejudice king mohammed .
this january , bush announced at the white house that pakistan 's prime minister aziz would strengthen friendly cooperation and jointly crack down on terrorist activities that jeopardize the security of the two countries .
bush also said that at the invitation of the pakistani and indian governments , he will pay a state visit to pakistan and india in march .
( international observation ) hamas assembling cabinet to seek breakthrough
xinhua news agency , ramallah , february 9 ( international observation ) hamas 's cabinet was seeking to break through the cabinet
xinhua news agency , beijing , june 8 ,
palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) has won the legislative elections and has won the election of the new government . how to draw the blueprint of the new government has become the focus of international attention at present .
hamas will implement what kind of new policy will directly affect the peace process in the next step of policy direction of all parties concerned .
at the same time , the boycott attitude of the united states and israel has added variables to the prospect of the hamas government .
at present , all palestinian parties are stepping up consultations to reach a consensus on the issue of forming a cabinet that involves the difficulties and sensitivity of future developments in the situation .
( subtitle ) premier position flower , which one has to pay .
hamas won the right to form a cabinet , and people outside worried that hamas ' prime minister would rise up in fear of a gap with the current top leader abbas .
and , just as egyptian president hosni mubarak is visiting egypt , hamas leader musharar stressed that the new palestinian government , which was formed by hamas , will not recognize israel , and this hard - line signal has also aggravated the international worries .
the united states and israel clearly indicated that they would not accept a hamas government that controls real power and threatened to halt economic aid to palestine and transfer taxes to palestine .
however , this does not hamper hamas from making a flexible strategic adjustment , and electing an independent is a compromise policy .
according to reports , in order to obtain the international recognition as much as possible , hamas at home and abroad , who recently gathered in egypt , decided to select an independent person , lord jayrali , chairman of the board of directors of the islamic university , to be the new prime minister .
this important move has not been endorsed by the relevant parties .
palestinian analysts believe that israel 's nuclear program will not be able to afford any spending , but the most crucial thing is that the prime minister will be able to play down hamas 's hard - line style as much as possible , only thus guaranteeing the success of the cabinet .
( subtitle ) power is allocated and the distribution of power
from the internal point of view , hamas ' cabinet is facing the greatest challenge of lacking sufficient experience in governance .
palestinian " an editorial " carried by the paper said : hamas , through social welfare projects , has gathered in favor of others , but it lacks experience in governance and has close ties with the palestinian national liberation movement , which has experienced the ruling experience .
hamas has been in power for a long time since the election to build up a flaggled relationship with fatah 's political partners and join hands in forming a national coalition government , but fatah has not responded positively to this day .
the fatah internal situation is currently in the process of considering whether to enter the cabinet or not , and a single faction advocates participation in the new government , so as to accomplish something , while the other faction refuses hamas ' invitation , and is willing to act as a clarion opposition movement in the legislative yuan .
the source said that the united states and israel had reached a consensus on the issue of the palestinian - israeli conflict and the issue of the palestinian - israeli conflict .
even so , the hamas - led coalition government also will hold a meeting on the distribution of cabinet posts .
in addition , another way is to set up a legislative committee framework , which is separated from the party 's nature .
according to reports , hamas also designed a clean and simple expert model to support the government , but the specific name list is unknown .
in view of the fact that the attitude of the united states and israel is also a kind of technical expert - type government , which is also not out of the question , is a form of organizing a cabinet to reduce external pressure .
according to the palestinian " basic law , " the new round of the legislative council will be held on 16 february after the new term of office of the legislative council . the work of nominating the prime minister and forming the cabinet will be completed in three to five weeks .
( subtitle ) armed forces should follow .
hamas has a large number of weapons in hand , and it is facing another thorny issue in forming a new government .
the united states and israel have taken a very tough attitude and resolutely demanded that hamas give up violence and refuse to take part in politics with a gun .
hamas leader mohammed al-assad stressed on 9 november that armed resistance is the agored strategy selected by the organization .
the armed issue actually includes the legality of weapons and the ownership of armed forces .
hamas passed the law of democracy and freedom and was elected the first largest party in the legislative council to receive international recognition , so that its subordinate armed factions , such as jiusan , and swang , can also be legalized , is to bring them into the government 's security organs .
hamas once proposed to separate the armed forces of various factions into palestinian national authority , and the people 's army stood up , but it did not receive extensive response , and was also attacked by the islamic jihad organization of palestine .
palestinian currently has 60,000 square kilometers of security personnel , most of whom come from fatah .
and , the fatah also has some organized relations that have been loosened , such as " one pole " in the epistogue of the magic eagle of the epistemogue of the martyrs ' brigades .
the group of cabinet members of hamas , which is responsible for forming the cabinet , must hold talks with abbas on how to manage the armed forces that are each doing its own job , and reasonably distribute the security management authority .
according to local media reports , abbas intends to take charge of security and intelligence troops , police , civil defense , and other organs , while the new government 's interior ministry has to manage them .
however , all parties concerned are still holding consultations on this sensitive issue , and so far there is no such issue .
the first time china has issued a polar inspection report .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 10 ( reporter : li jianmin ) - the state oceanic administration of china recently released the " china polar survey report 2005 " , which is the first major survey of polar science conducted by china since it launched the polar scientific research activities more than 20 years ago .
the " report " comprehensively reflects the new situation and new characteristics of china 's polar scientific expedition activities in 2005 , logistic support to the extreme , scientific research and research results , etc.
according to the " report , " the year 2005 will be around 2:15 ( beijing time ) on 9 january 2005 , the country 's southern pole research team successfully landed on the ground of icecap in the antarctic , the highest sea level in the arctic , and the highest in the sea , and at 15:00 on 18 january ( beijing time ) it determined the height of the ice valleys 4093 meters in the highest spot in the ice .
the chinese government has always attached importance to the protection of intellectual property rights and has put on a par with the ever - fiercer international competition , and has bravely explored new fields , first conducting research on the highest halldressing in the south ice , and successfully achieving the goal of the antarctic , and achieving another dream of the mankind in the south pole .
the state oceanic administration ( soa ) director sun zhihui said .
the " report " shows that in march 2005 , the 51st southern pole survey team of china successfully completed its mission and returned to shanghai . the inspection lasted 151 days , with a range of 26,500 nautical miles .
in the same year , china 's 22 nd antarctic expedition team left shanghai and went to the antarctic zhongshan station to conduct scientific research and will conduct the first scientific expedition , which will pass through zhongshan station before the end of february 2006 , to go to shanghai via australia .
as the chinese government has issued the ultra - low investigation report , the " 2005 survey report on china 's polar region " also set the targets for china 's polar exploration undertaking that started in the early 1980 s .
according to the " report , " in 1983 china officially joined the " antarctic treaty , " becoming a member of the antarctic treaty organization , and becoming one of the key research committees of the antarctic treaty , the southern pole science research commission , the nan pole science research council , and other countries with the greatest influence .
in 1997 , china became the largest importer of the arctic and won the support of china in the international polar affairs .
the " report " points out that over the past 20 - odd years , china 's ultra - earth observation style has grown from scratch to actual size , and has formed a three station one dressing from one to the south , one from one one to one from one one , one from one to one , that is , the changcheng station in the antarctic in february 1985 , the center - middle mountain station established in the south in february 1989 , the beidai@@
the " report " shows that by 2005 , the number of china 's 22 special economic zones in the antarctic was increased by 2-2 , using snowdragon and lion - shaped boats as the bridge - holding 2 scientific observation tour of the arctic in the north pole , and so far more than 3,000 examiners have personally inspected the northwestern part of china .
the number of people who are working on the establishment of the third antarctic expedition station is also the first of its kind in china to conduct feasibility study and research on the inland inland areas of the antarctic .
sun zhighui said :
the number of people who have worked hard for more than 20 years has increased from the world 's polar exploration .
he said ,
sun zhighui disclosed that china will increase the annual publication of the polar inspection report .
( overseas news agency , china ) fidel castro meets chinese president
xinhua news agency , havana , february 10 ( reporter zhou jiazheng ) - cuban council of state president fidel castro met with chinese state councilor chen zhili on the 10th . both sides expressed the willingness to constantly strengthen mutually beneficial cooperation in education , science and technology and other fields .
castro warmly welcomed president chen to visit cuba by state councilor chen zhili .
he said that the cuban - chinese relations are very friendly , and high - level exchanges have been frequent , which has effectively promoted and strengthened the friendship and mutual understanding between the two sides , and expressed the hope that the two countries will continue to deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in all fields , including education , science and technology .
chen zhili said : cuba is the first latin american and caribbean country with important influence .
the sino - cuban friendship and cooperation between the two peoples goes back to ancient times .
cuba is the first country to establish diplomatic relations with new china .
in the new century , under the joint efforts of leaders of the two countries , the two countries have deepened mutual political trust and expanded cooperation fields , and have supported and cooperated with each other in international affairs , thus entering a new period of comprehensive development of sino - cuban friendly relations .
she believed that with the joint efforts of both sides , the friendly cooperation between china and cuba will certainly yield more fruitful results .
chen zhili also pointed out : the chinese government has always attached importance to the exchanges and cooperation with cuba in the educational field .
in recent years , the two countries have witnessed increasingly close exchanges of education and frequent personnel exchanges .
the chinese side has actively supported the international conference held by the cuban side and sent a delegation to attend the world higher education conference and the 2005 general assembly on wiping out illiteracy .
cuba 's basic education level is very high , and it hopes to further strengthen relevant exchanges in the future .
chen zhili said : the friendship between china and cuba in scientific and technological research and development can be further developed through cooperation in many fields .
the chinese side has helped some cuban research equipment in the hope of providing scientific research and production with a positive role .
she also briefed castro on china 's strategy of rejuvenating the country through science and education and the national conference on science and technology .
chen zhili made the above remarks at the invitation of the cuban government . on 9 february local time , he arrived in havana and began his visit to cuba .
in this period , chen zhili met with cuban high - level minister of education vino and inspected the havana university 's information science university and how poor matti secondary school and sao maria primary school .
beijing , kazakhstan highway accident traps gas leak
xinhua news agency , harbin , february 11 ( reporter liang shubin ) - - the beijing - kazakhstan highway was at around 23:00 on february 10 , a traffic accident occurred at 58 kilometers from the beijing - kazakhstan highway , and a oil canned vehicle leaked , causing some sections to be closed .
according to the statistics from the traffic police unit of shuangcheng city public security bureau , the traffic police station of the jingha highway collided in three cars at around 2300 on 10 april . a duplicate and an oil tanker vehicle crashed together . a cracks of the oil tank body were found . the waste oil that had been loaded inside was scattered on the road .
according to reports , the oil tanker 's vehicles are carrying coke and waste oil .
the waste oil and thicker , while fearing that the vehicle might have flower , the departments concerned have informed the police of the accident scene .
harbin 's gemini - city road is closed to many vehicles .
at present , relevant departments are screening up the scene , and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) and hutchison huangpu declared that they all stood in the twins of italy .
xinhua news agency , hong kong , february 11 - - hutchison whampoa limited announced on the 11th that the flag under the extension was implemented three conglomerate italian companies , one each in the twinkling of the three italian verge .
and mr wong , general manager , wong group , said that although they were triumph in italy , they had received the approval of all the regulatory agencies concerned to go public , the procedures for listing stock markets must be completed within the next few weeks , and the time is too hurry .
at the same time , the european telecommunications market is weak , and the market may not necessarily be able to give " champion " in one time , one suitable for listing in italy .
in view of the fact that the shareholders have the greatest interest , the decision to postpone the listing will be postponed .
as for when to raise the stock market , mr fok said that it would take time to raise the standard of the european telecommunications market .
he said : from now to next , we will continue to mount tai in italy , and we need to launch a wide range of investors education activities to enable the global telecommunications investment market to have a clearer understanding of the strong performance and strong performance of italy 's current favorable prospects .
the report also said that the trio in italy coordinated the crowd of investors around the globe , with a total investment of 420 million euros , and agreed to hold 103 percent of italian stake , silver coins , and the transaction is expected to be completed by the end of march this year .
( overseas news agency , china , burma )
xinhua news agency , yangon , february 12 ( reporter zhang yunfei ) - chinese ambassador to myanmar kumuu and economic and trade counselor tang haiyan on the eve of myanmar prime minister soe win 's visit to china on the eve of their interview , said that the economic and trade relations between china and burma are currently on the eve of diversified , mutually beneficial development trends on the eve of their visit to china .
the state development and reform commission ( sdrc ) has made great efforts to promote the development of sino - burmese good - neighborly and friendly relations on the basis of the five principles of peaceful co - existence , said the ambassador .
tang hai - juan said : the high - level exchanges of visits between the two countries have effectively promoted the development of economic and trade cooperation between the two countries .
in 2004 , the two countries ' high - level exchanges of visits were held , and the two sides signed 33 documents on economic and trade cooperation , most of which are being implemented and implemented .
he said : the year 2004 is 11.44 billion us dollars , and in 2005 it will reach $ 12.09 billion , of which $ 935 - billion will be exported to china and $ 274 - million will be imported .
last year , the two countries ' trade volume between china 's yunnan and burma ( including border trade ) reached $ 630 - million , an increase of 14.6percent over the previous year .
tang hai said : the burmese government has become the main source of funds for chinese enterprises to undertake contract engineering projects . china 's main projects in burma include power station , bridges , bridges , and factories ( like candy factory , shell mudelelle paper mill , etc. ) .
the chinese enterprises have also made great efforts to develop engineering business in burma , which has brought along the export of all kinds of chinese machinery and electrical products . myanmar has become one of the major markets for china 's export of complete sets of equipment and machinery and electrical appliances .
according to chinese customs statistics , in the past five to six years , the export volume of electromechanical products has accounted for about 45.0 percent of china 's total export to burma .
tang jiaxuan said : the chinese government has always attached great importance to the development of myanmar - china relations and has made great efforts to promote the development of the country 's economy and trade .
he hoped that chinese enterprises would have a long - term perspective , learn to avoid risks , and make prudent decisions , and establish a good image of their enterprises and ensure that they will be completed on time and in good order for the country .
the state development planning commission and the state council 's general office have decided to set up a joint research center for the development of the western region .
it is expected that the two sides will sign several economic and trade cooperation agreements during the visit .
the world bank plans to reduce or exempt the poorest countries
xinhua news agency , moscow , february 11 - wolfowitz , president of the world bank , said in moscow on the 11th that the world bank will completely exempt the debts of the poorest countries by the middle of this year .
wolfowitz said in moscow on the same day that he had a meeting with finance ministers from various countries attending the g - 8 finance ministers ' meeting .
he said after the meeting that the united states and china will continue to strengthen cooperation in the areas of debt reduction and exemption before 1 july , and the world bank is now completing all technical work .
last year , the world bank donated $ 28.3 billion to 28 countries , up from $ 34.8 billion in the total amount of the trust fund .
the imf said that the imf 's creditor 's rights are relatively small , and the imf began to reduce or waive its debts by the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz 's immunity to russia is reduced from 16 african countries ' debts .
gao qing 's digital television has gradually become the mainstream in the united states
xinhua news agency , new york , february 12 ( reporter : fan xiaolin ) with the high resolution rate ( + divine plus ) rising price continuously falling , the market prices of us television media have also stepped up their efforts to promote the corresponding high - resolution tv programs .
the newly - set us apricot super flower show , which has just been screened , has become a popular tool for american broadcasting industry players to greet the high - qing era .
according to a report in the financial times a few days ago , the us congress recently passed a bill which stipulates that american broadcasting industry must fully stop broadcasting the existing analog television signal on 17 february 2009 and only broadcast digital signals .
this means that the us tv program has shown a comprehensive digitized already has a clear timetable .
gao said that the high resolution digital television is aimed at disseminating information on the internet by purchasing television sets from consumers . on the one hand , it is necessary to rely on the producing organization to provide high - resolution digital programs .
the digital tv is not only a very popular service , but also a major part of the information technology ( it ) .
this issue is still very serious this year .
according to the report by the consumer electronics association in the united states , the number of television sets will be sold in the united states for the first time this year , and 85.9 percent of the digital tv sets are high - resolution products .
japan 's researchers have developed new highly efficient man - made kidney
xinhua news agency , tokyo , february 13 ( reporter qian zheng ) - a research officer of the east china sea university of japan has developed a biological kidney that is not only consistent with the same discretionary function as human kidney but also has the function of keeping the components of the matter , and is also easily transplants . with the study , it is expected to bring happiness to kidney patients .
according to a report by the nikkei industrial news a few days ago , the newly developed biological man - made kidney is mainly composed of two parts , and some are stacked from blood , staging tape waste and water distribution synthetic blankets , while the other part is reproduced from the original munitions of mump and amazi , and other blood components to the bottom of the dull and the url again .
the water level of the kidney was raised in the water , and the water from the water was spotted by the water from the water in the water , and the diving from the bottom of the sleeper was filled with the diagnostic stem cells with the functions of decentralized xie .
this kind of stem cells can make the blood penetration and cause various diseases , cled , and analyze the interrelated sequel , shaped shapes , formed from materials to hydrogen acid and blood rereturned , and can also enable the body 's vapius , liquid , and mineral matter to re - enter blood .
the previous practice of artificial kidney relying on the vastness of the seepage pressure cannot be treated completely .
the researchers used mountain goats to carry out bio - engineer kidney transplant experiments , and the neutral cement used pig skin cells inside the cocaine of the human kidney .
the two - week study showed that the cause of the kidney has been able to function .
at present , they are developing and using the dna cell of human kidney and will be able to produce a kidney cell after verifying its safety .
the china power production safety bureau is still facing severe challenges
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 13 ( reporter an ) - the responsible person of the state power regulatory commission said on the 13th that although the overall situation of safe production of electricity remained stable in 2005 , the safety of electricity still faces severe challenges .
the state power regulatory commission vice president shi yubo said at a national conference on safe production of electricity that was held here today that the year 2005 will be the first year for safe production of china 's electric power industry and the year when the power industry is facing the summer peak , thus achieving the safety of electricity supply , actively meeting the intrusion of natural disasters , basically ensuring the safe operation of the power system , dropping off power production equipment accidents and ordinary power grids , and improving
however , he pointed out that with the improvement of the situation in the supply and demand of power and the successive operation of the newly built power generating units , the safety of electricity will face new challenges .
these challenges include : regional standardised cerebral and weak synchronous electricity shortages , and the supply and demand of electricity in some areas remains tight , and the benign mechanism for the prices of coal for electricity has not yet taken shape , causing a fairly big problem in the supply of coal . at the same time , the problem of coal quality has not been effectively controlled , and the stable operation of power generating units will have a serious impact on the stable operation of power
" the new government will continue to improve the efficiency of the electricity industry , " said shi yubo , adding that the reform will further enhance the stability of the workers ' ranks and ensure normal production order will become a new problem facing us .
in view of the rapid development of power production in 2006 , shi yubo said that it is necessary to further reinforce the foundation work for the management of power safety , speed up the establishment and improvement of a mechanism for emergency management of power safety , enhance the ability to deal with sudden incidents , strengthen coordination and cooperation between power plants and power networks , jointly safeguard the safety of the power system , continue to do a good job in the safety and information building of the dam , strengthen the safety of power construction
it is reported that in connection with the new situation in the management of power safety , the electrical regulatory commission will carry out a comprehensive examination of the " interim regulations on investigating accidents in electricity production " promulgated this year . at the same time , the relevant supporting documents on the safety of the dam of the hydropower station and the safety of the second system of the power system will be successively issued this year .
in 2005 , china 's entire society 's electricity consumption reached 246.89 billion kwh , a year - on - year increase of 13.45 percent .
in the face of the situation of power supply and demand still being on the high side , the contradiction between coal , electricity , oil , and transportation is prominent , all power enterprises earnestly adopt effective measures to strengthen equipment management . last year , there was no extraordinarily serious equipment accident in the country 's power production .
the power grid accident has 74 times , a decrease of 127 times compared with the same period last year , and 427 equipment accidents have occurred , a decrease of 132 times from the same period last year .
the south african minister to china said that south africa does not have a glued and organized behavior against chinese citizens .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 13 ( reporter wang jiangang and hao yalin ) - the charge d'affaires ad interim of the south african embassy in china , in an exclusive interview with xinhua news agency , said that south africa does not have a taste of organization to deal with criminal acts of chinese citizens .
he also said that south africa will do its best to crack down on all forms of crimes .
the president said that the south african government hopes to increase the productivity of the crime to zero , but hopes that every south african work would be completed in the future
since 2001 , the united states has four nuclear submarine crew members who have been killed in south africa , and the chinese world has expressed extensive concern for this .
the chinese foreign ministry has already expressed strong representations to south africa and reminded chinese citizens in south africa to further enhance their awareness of security and prevention , strengthen unity , friendship , and cooperate with the police in cracking down on criminal activities .
the chinese government has always been very concerned about the safety of the victims .
the president said that the trifles are very sorry for this , and we also invite the chinese people to believe that the south african government is seriously investigating each case involving china , each case has its own characteristics .
according to a chinese embassy in south africa , the south african police have successfully cracked the case of the case of the chinese fujian woman chen jianqing killed in south africa on 5 february , and a suspect has been arrested .
at present , the police are hunting for another suspect .
the report said that the chinese government has decided to send a special envoy to the united states to help the chinese people to fight the crime .
in discussing the issue of the chinese citizens ' assassination , fu kangning said that these incidents were indeed very bad to the relations between the two countries and their trade surging tourism and other fields . however , from a long - term perspective , the impact should not be large in the light of the long - term , but the impact should not be large in the light of the long - term , but the impact should not be huge in the light of the impact .
according to the official , the chinese government has decided to send a total of 300,000 tourists to the country in the first 15 days of this year .
the report said that the chinese government has decided to increase the number of chinese students to 300,000 by 2005 , the lowest in africa .
the bilateral trade volume reached 727 - billion us dollars , up 230 percent from the same period last year .
however , the tourism sector believes that the 2004 annual series of china 's citizens ' assassination incident will have a significant impact on the number of chinese tourists to south africa .
according to the statistics of the south african tourism bureau , the number of chinese tourists to south africa in the first half of 2005 was 203,31 , a decrease of 14.93 percent over the same period last year .
at present , the number of chinese in south africa is about 200,000 , and the urban villages in south africa are all in the country .
analysts here believe that the social and economic gap between south africa and south africa is widening , the unemployment rate is high , and there is no threat of death penalty , so the crime rate is high .
as many chinese do not understand english , they share a common sense of cash with their families , and they are more easily targets of criminals in their financial attacks .
( hong kong , macao and taiwan ) hong kong promotes on - the - job english learning and training
xinhua news agency , hong kong , february 13 - a demonstration of the professional english movement launched by the hong kong special administrative region government on the 13th , in a bid to raise the standard of english among more working people .
this kind of flower , good english , rich life , and + taste , as the theme , includes promoting professional english through a series of promotional activities , and allowing employers to better understand how to help their employees improve their english standards .
as of now , the scheme has provided funding of about 25,000 people to complete the course of workplace english training , enabling them to meet the benchmark for the workplace english benchmarks of hong kong .
issued by the hong kong professional english campaign association , the " dragon boat movement " ,
the number of english movement , a key project , is to provide funding support for workplace english training .
the scheme aims to help the public to use english in their work and to help them acquire english through participating in the training and participating in the designated international business english examinations .
hebei 's aids testing and testing center has implemented a free flow of clogues
xinhua news agency , shijiazhuang , february 14 ( reporter dong zhiyong ) - hebei provincial health department recently formulated and issued the " hebei province 's proposal on implementing a plan for implementing the voluntary consultation and examination work " ( trial implementation ) , clearly stipulating the principle of free , voluntary , and confidential treatment of aids in hebei , and hopes to find the maximum the hiv - infected people and patients , and further implement the policy of preventing and intervening and reducing the four things
the " proposal " has clearly defined the voluntary consultation and examination work of aids in hebei province : the testing and consultation of aids is free , the testing and consultation of aids antibody , consultation and voluntary notification , the testing and consultation of aids antibody , consultation and confidentiality , and the assessment of the relevant behavior of the seeking of the consultation , the protection of the legitimate rights and interests of hiv carriers and aids patients are provided with corresponding follow - up services .
the " proposal " calls for the establishment of a new hiv consultation center at a convenient location for consultation to provide assistance to the selfish interests of the consultation consultants , to carry out one - to - one consultations in a separate room .
the consultation paper 's choice is to give full consideration to individual quality , sense of responsibility , and the ability to communicate with each other .
to protect the consultation 's stealth , the test pamphlet can adopt code or number for registration .
the " proposal " also demands that the health administration departments at and above the county level should publicize the situation in their own localities where they are responsible for the voluntary medical and public health care services for aids , and provide consultation telephone services to facilitate the masses to understand the relevant information .
the ministry of public security has issued a circular to extort confessions by torture to inspectors .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 14 ( reporter meng na ) - the deputy director of the police inspectors bureau of the ministry of public security , zheng baigang , answered a reporter 's question at a press conference held by a foreign reporter , saying that so - called non - inappropriate method to let criminal suspects admit their crimes in china is absolutely unacceptable .
the inspectors ' work has also focused on preventing these problems from happening .
he also pointed out that some international organizations have expressed their strong dissatisfaction over the enforcement of the law by chinese police .
the public security ministry released the latest information on 14 april , which shows that the ministry of public security issued " the regulations on keeping public security organs in charge of implementing measures and keeping records " in 2002 and 2004 respectively , " the regulations on continuing interrogations applicable by public security organs " , thus better ensuring that public security organs at the grass - roots level are applicable in the application of interrogation measures according to law .
in 1997 , in order to carry out three kinds of treatment , red tide ( i.e. extorting configuration to cure the abuse of firearms and police , and arbitrary measures ) , the police force of the public security organs throughout the country persisted in penetrating police police inspectors , the force of the torpedo , the police patrol teams , the symphonic band , and the grass - roots public security supervisory and regulatory agencies , as well as the public security supervisory and regulatory
to achieve the goal of preventing law enforcement from the source , police inspectors have further extended the scope of investigation into law enforcement and stepped up efforts to inquire about applied pagodation measures , asking about how the " 110 " succession , ascertained materials were handled in the form of punishment for security personnel and robbing robot information were handled and recorded in the process of law enforcement , including collecting and checking information on motor vehicles .
( hong kong , macao and taiwan ) sun yun - hsuan died of illness in taipei
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 15 - - taipei news : former taiwan affairs office chairman of the taiwan strait exchange foundation sun yun - hsuan has been unable to escape from the acute interface and suffered from acute heart failure and bloody shock in the early morning of 15 february .
sun yunsuan was born in 1913 and became a native of penglai , shandong , a member of the electrical department of harbin industrial university .
it is the 10 th and 13 th central committee members of the kuomintang , the 11th central standing committee member , and the 14th central evaluation committee member ,
zeng qinghong , who was the head of the department of transportation of the flow , chang fu , executive yuan director of taiwan authorities , etc.
heilongjiang 's efforts to promote the construction of the ecological and environmental impact assessment and countermeasures for the songhua river pollution
xinhua news agency , harbin , february 16 ( reporter : tao ) to do a good job of the dry period of the songhua river and the melting of the ice layer of the river , heilongjiang province will actively promote the construction of an evaluation and countermeasures for the ecological environment of the songhua river .
reporter learned from heilongjiang 's environmental protection bureau that the state environmental protection administration has taken the lead in organizing the epitome of the songhua river pollution incident , and the project of evaluating and countering the project has concurred 15 special topics , and the project is divided into four categories , namely , assessment of emergency environment , assessment and counterstrategy , ecological effects assessment and analysis , integrated assessment of water pollution control project , integrated assessment of water pollution control , integrated assessment of technology assem@@
at present , heilongjiang province has 10 scientific research institutions with a total of over 60 people undertaking 14 research projects .
according to presentations , environmental protection departments and relevant scientific research institutions will conduct special - topic surveys on the emergency environment assessment and countermeasures for the incidents , and strive to solve environmental problems that the masses are urgently concerned about .
among them , the main control of the pollutant concentration of the flowing features and the projection of the total export volume of the overseas , the impact of the safety of the songhua river products on the safety of water from the two sides of the river and the impact of underground water supply on the evaluation of the safety net water supply technology of the duo river in the songhua river in the process of the safety of the songhua river and the disintegration of
heilongjiang province 's environmental protection department will also increase the intensity of environmental monitoring along the songhua river , seriously investigate and deal with the pollution of illegal drainage and illegal construction that causes serious pollution .
heilongjiang will send environmental law enforcement personnel to supervise and guide the development of environmental protection in small river valleys in various localities , improve the arsh river , orange river , and other tributary management systems .
the beijing university 's memorial hall was in mourning for wang xuan
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 15 ( reporter : li jiangtao ) after a few days of intense arrangements , beijing university is set up at the memorial hall of the centenary of the centenary , which opened at 09:00 on the morning of 15 february . as of noon on the same day , several hundred people had come to express their condolences .
at 8:00 in the morning , the hall was still open . the outside hall had several dozens of people standing up .
reporter saw in the 100 th anniversary lecture hall of beijing university , the great hall of the hall of the commemoration was hung on the wall of the hall , with dark coldness : hot and hot , hot mourning mourning to wang xuan 's academician .
the horizontal slope is a 10 - square - meter - wide large portrait of wang xuan . he wore glasses , laughed in the face , and was brimming in the air .
the body of the body was placed on both sides of the body , with several rung trees and dozens of flowers on both sides .
among them , one of the wreath orbits , written : glittering in qin sheng 's china plate , sending off lead , and receiving telegram , the modern telegram , the modern watches of lead , the epistemic blueprint of the contemporary times .
the museum is a mourning and happy , and the atmosphere is heavy .
the memorial ceremony was held in the great hall of the people , including the leaders and teachers of beijing university , as well as friends of wang caixin , who loved each other , as well as many people who had never been familiar with him .
they are not only young people , but also young people who are young people with lofty ideals and moral integrity .
many people are unable to help but to live with tears .
zeng qinghong , director of the state cultural relics bureau , is a professor at beijing university . he is very glad to have been able to see the great changes in henan province over the past 10 years or so . he once asked professor wang xuan to deliver a report on science and technology innovation to the provincial party committee cadres .
the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] member wang xizui was a model for us to learn from . he made a major contribution to the country and society , and the people will never forget him .
the beijing university law school 's jin ruilin , together with professor wang xuan , has been an old friend of china over 40 years .
the previous few days , he had just been discharged , and today he insisted on going to talk with his old friend .
kim , who is in his book , has left his words , cannot suppress his grief and has repeatedly put a paper to shed her torpedo .
he told the reporter that wang xuan 's life was very frugal , and he lived in tong fu garden . he was already a professor , and had already had very high achievements , but he was still very small in the house .
later , he moved to the chengze garden and was in the 780 square meter place .
the beijing university gave him a grand prize in the building of academicians in the blue flag camp , over 140 square meters , and he did not want , the high - level housing provided by fangcheng building , nor did he expect to wear flagfles .
kim , who is very concerned about this , said : wang xuan visited foreign countries and offered very high treatment to him during his overseas visit , but he resolutely and resolutely declined .
the number of people who were not qualified for the college was a result of mr. zhou peisheng 's repeated mobilization .
the jimmy kinshasa was deeply moved by the fact that wang chaifu 's attitude toward the cultivation of young people was overthrown and he himself emphasized on many occasions that what achievements i still have , and not whether i look at myself , i should rely on cultivating young people .
kim , who is also the chairman of the central committee of the communist party of china ( cpc ) , said that he started to cultivate young people when he was 50 years old . he always stressed that he wanted to pave the way and wanted to be a ladder for the young people .
the chinese government has always attached great importance to this achievement .
reporter learned from the beijing university news center that from 15 february at 09:00 am to 12:00 on 19 february , the number of students who cast their ballots at the hall of academician wang xuan to the public was opened to the public for the mourning of condolences .
the " shanghai spirit " which is called the one of contemporary customs orchestrated , china academy academicians from china academy of engineering , the third world college academician from beijing university , wang xuan , who is academician of the chinese academy of engineering , was elected , and he was admitted to beijing at 01:33 on 13 february for medical treatment of illness and was considered to be 70 years old due to medical treatment of illness .
( foreign affairs ) chinese npc and chilean parliament set up exchange mechanism
wu bangguo attends the signing ceremony and also signed the agreement .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 15 ( reporter rong yan ) - wu bangguo , chairman of the national people 's congress ( npc ) standing committee , attended a political dialogue agreement between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament at the great hall of the people on the afternoon of 15 february and signed the agreement in the text .
the chinese npc and the chilean parliament have established an exchange mechanism .
it is reported that the chilean senate president ronaldo roedo and house of representatives speaker asisenege signed a joint statement in santiago , capital of chile , a few days ago .
according to the agreement , the two sides will , in accordance with the principles laid down in the sino - chilean joint communique on the establishment of diplomatic relations , establish political dialogue between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament , set up a dialogue committee , and take turns to hold regular meetings to jointly promote the comprehensive development of bilateral relations .
the chilean ambassador to china , qaleula , and others attended the signing ceremony .
the chinese government will introduce a law on protecting the right of transmission of information networks .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 15 ( reporter zhou wei and li fei ) many websites are now relying on large numbers of reprinted news reports , such as newspapers and magazines to increase their clicking rate , but many have not been authorized , and they have not paid for such expenses on the same basis . wang ziqiang , director of the copyright department of the state copyright bureau , said at a press conference held by the information office of the state council on the issue of collecting fees for
wang ziqiang said : according to the existing laws and regulations , newspapers and periodicals have published works without mudgling , but can use a still - undated statement . without the consent of the author , newspapers and periodicals have to pay remuneration to the author . according to the law , the state copyright bureau has specially formulated standards for the transfer of newspapers and periodicals .
however , according to the existing law , the newspaper enjoys this right of abode and is currently engaged in non - exclusive economic activities on the internet .
according to the decision made by the supreme people 's court , the practice of issuing the statutory permission for the reprinting of newspapers and periodicals can apply to the internet , that is , the small articles published on the internet . the author does not make a loud statement , but the internet can not use it without permission and must pay for the remuneration .
however , due to the constraints of judicial interpretation on the remuneration standards , the actual use of these works by the internet has not been paid for any reward .
the " internet use " of these published articles has been written down by the public .
wang ziqiang said : the spotlight has brought it into the scope defined by the law and the information network that will be published this year to confirm the protection of the right to spread information networks .
( international ) russia 's military says georgia 's parliament resolution will not affect russian peacekeeping operations
xinhua news agency , moscow , february 15 ( reporter song shiyi ) - russian defense ministry news official shefov said on the 15th that the georgian parliament 's resolution on russian peacekeeping forces will not affect russian military personnel 's peacekeeping operations in the near future , and russian troops will continue to carry out peacekeeping missions in the south ossetia conflict area .
russia 's state duma ( lower house of parliament ) chairman of the cis affairs committee , kokoshin , made a statement on the same day on the resolution of the georgian parliament on russian peacekeeping troops , pointing out that this resolution by georgia will undermine stability in the region and will have an unfavorable impact on russian - georgian relations .
he stressed : georgia 's parliament resolution has made russia - georgia relations deteriorate and move toward further development .
he said : the georgian side is very unusual about the accusation of the russian side .
georgian parliament passed a resolution on the same day , demanding that russian peacekeeping troops stop their peacekeeping operations in south ossetia , but there was no specific deadline for russian peacekeeping troops to withdraw .
grimsk accuses russia of failing to fulfill its obligations and sending russia to the conflict area for action as a fool trying to swallow this territorial waters of georgia .
grimsk urges government to take positive action to consider establishing a permanent security council in the area of the conflicts in south ossetia to replace russia 's peacekeeping operations in the region .
grimsk also instructed the government to revise the law on the stationing of russian peacekeeping personnel in the conflict area .
the south ossetia is a autonomous state in georgia , and it has close ties with the republic of cypriot in north russia .
the former soviet union was disintegrated , and it declared independence on its own and was in a state of confrontation with the georgian central government for a long time .
at present , russia has a total of 160 troops in the region .
this unit has been set up in accordance with the " north funnel " of the verge of the north of the georgia in 1992 .
the liaoyuan hospital 's fire of four people responsible for the accident will be prosecuted for the crime of being suspected of being responsible for the accident .
xinhua news agency , changchun , february 16 ( reporter zhou ligui ) - jilin 's liaoyuan city center hospital , after the extraordinarily big fire , the investigation team decided to have 11 responsible persons , including zhang diankun , chief of the hospital electric work squad , and four other people , charged for suspected involvement in the major responsibility incident .
in 2005 , the central military commission of liaoyuan city , which is the largest hospital in liaoxi city , disappeared , and finally killed 39 people .
in this struggle , the fire that used to be over 5,000 square meters of fire has been over 5,000 square meters .
according to reports , this is the first time since the founding of new china that the medical and health system across the country has been hit by the fire .
according to a survey , at 16:30 on the day of the incident , the central hospital of liaoyuan city suddenly stopped power , and according to the design of the hospital 's circuit , if power supply is suspended , the electrical gates will automatically jump to the deputy lock and continue to maintain normal power supply at the hospital , but the electrical gates were not automatically gates at that time , and the power shutdown by zhang diankun , the leader of
the then braving smoke was a mass - made cable , a dozen or so cable - fiber grid was wrapped up without a clue , and such a cable should be put up in a very tidy place and a fire - control layer should be set up .
therefore , 57 - year - old liu baorong , a electrical installation team leader of liaoyuan textile company , graduated from liaoyuan electrical bureau ( senior engineer ) , sun fenglin , retired from liaoyuan city 's central hospital , and returned to work as a worker , and three of the staff members and workers , jin chengtai , were also charged for suspected major responsibility - related crimes .
the chinese rural tourism , guizhou - style first tour , is held in tianlong castle .
xinhua news agency , guiyang , february 16 ( reporter : shi xinrong ) on the morning of the 16th , a small village in tianlong village , tianlong town , pingdiao county , guizhou province , put on a festive mood one after another . the face was filled with joy and joy .
at 10 : 30 a. m . , the five - gu yearning year ended , the young and middle - aged veteran zheng peimin , who was wearing a green and long - shirt , sounded the first step in the guizhou tour of china 's rural areas .
the tip - off ceremony was held at the village of tianlung butterfly , guizhou province , and at the national village tourist demonstration center .
as a symbol of the ming dynasty 's hongwu year , the tungfu player has grown up to more than 600 years .
here , the " falungong " cult , which is brightly dressed in the broad sleeves and blue dress , is a place where the ancient han culture and ornaments are preserved and perfected in the villages of tuen mun .
according to reports , tianlong village relied on this cultural tradition to develop a number of rural cultural and tourism beginning 2002 . in 2005 alone , the income of the tickets reached 380 - million yuan , and 47,000 rural households in the entire village , with more than 47-70 percent of the peasants participating in the sale of tourist goods through catering , transportation , and tourism . the per capita income of peasants increased from over 1,300 yuan in 2002 to 2640 yuan in 2005
the guizhou provincial tourism administration , yang shengming , said that following the completion of the first tour of tianlong castle , the new rural household , new rural household , new , experience new , overbearing , and new theme , and various rural tourist activities launched in various parts of guizhou this year will reach 35 .
so far , guizhou has 130 enterprises that have established agricultural and rural cooperative organizations .
on the whole , more than 100 housing prices in 70 cities in china rose 5.5 percent in january , shanghai 's real estate prices continued to slide .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 16 ( reporter liu zheng ) in january this year , 70 large and medium - sized cities across the country had a rise of 5.55 percent over the same period last year , a 0.7 percentage point decrease compared with the previous month .
shanghai real estate prices continue to slide .
the state development and reform commission , the national bureau of statistics , released on 16 november , shows that 70 large and medium - sized cities have sold a small rise in housing prices in january , a year - on - year increase of more than 10 percent in the same period of the previous year , while the shanghai housing sales price continues to decline by a small margin , down by 0.44 percent compared with the same period last year .
in the same breath , the total value of shanghai housing sales was still relatively high in the first quarter of last year , and subsequently , a turn was taken , and a slight decline in the second half of last year was seen in the same period of comparison .
this january , the total amount of money spent in 70 large and medium - sized cities on housing sales increased 6.9 percent over the same period last year , a 0.2 percentage point decrease compared with the previous month .
the newly built commodity housing increased by 20.8 percent in the same period of last year , including 1893 percent in boston and 14.779 percent in shenzhen , 10.09 percent in chengdu , 8.4 percent in beijing , 8.4 percent in beijing , and 3.1 percent in shanghai .
li tielin , deputy secretary of the cpc central committee political bureau , said : the cpc central committee and the state council have made great efforts to strengthen supervision over the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres and cadres .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 16 - the central organization department recently printed and distributed opinions on strengthening supervision over cadres .
the opinions urged : organization departments at all levels should proceed from strictly managing and showing concern for and cherishing cadres , and carry out cadre supervision throughout the process of cadre cultivation , education , examination , selection , and appointment , day - to - day management , and establish and improve a mechanism for supervising work in prevention , promptly discover and correct , and effectively strengthen supervision over the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres and cadre appointment .
the opinion points out that the organizational departments ' main task in supervising cadres is , first , to supervise the leading bodies and leading cadres , and the main emphasis is to strengthen supervision over the principal responsible persons of the leading bodies , and second , to supervise the selection and appointment of leading cadres of the party and government , and to focus on the supervision and inspection of the implementation of the " regulations on the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres of the party and government . "
in the process of supervising leading bodies and leading cadres , the opinions put forward the need to persistently and persistently conduct education in ideals and convictions and in fighting corruption and promoting honesty , and to run this education through the training , selection , and management and supervision of cadres , guide and guide leading cadres to strengthen the cultivation of party spirit , uphold the principle of the party for the people , and supervise the administration for the people , and build a strong ideological and moral line of defense against corruption and degeneration .
right , the newly promoted cadres should be appointed to posts at the same time as they are promoted .
we should urge leading bodies at all levels to uphold democratic centralism , establish and perfect rules and procedures for making decisions in a variety of affairs , and seriously implement systems that combine collective leadership with individual responsibility in the work .
we should give prominence to the supervision over the principal responsible persons of the leading bodies , and should regularly hold discussions with principal responsible persons of the leading bodies of the next level to understand their ideas , concepts , and practices .
the establishment and improvement of the system of day - to - day management and supervision of leading cadres and regular understanding of the ideological and work style of the contingent of leading cadres and putting forward opinions and measures for resolving problems .
the practice of leading cadres admonishing each other and sending letters to each other will be a system of promptly holding admonitory talks or letter - writing inquiries when problems are discovered .
right , the masses ' complaints are evidently reported by leading cadres .
at the same time , it is necessary to combine strengthening supervision with encouraging cadres to boldly explore new ways and blaze new trails , and pay attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the opinions urged that organization ( personnel ) departments at all levels should conscientiously strengthen leadership over the selection and appointment of leading cadres of party and government organizations .
further improve the system of recommending candidates for appointment , screening , and deliberating decisions , among cadres , and strictly implement the system of selecting and appointing personnel , so as to ensure that political returns can be achieved politically and the work style of being overheated among hard - line people 's cadres can be selected and promoted to leading posts at various levels can be effectively guaranteed .
we should strengthen supervision over the enforcement of the regulations on appointing cadres , and seriously investigate and deal with acts that violate the regulations on appointing cadres , and resolutely curb the unhealthy trends and corrupt phenomena in the use of cadres .
the implementation of the system of breaking the rules and regulations for supervising and inspecting the use of personnel has increased the intensity of supervision and investigation .
the establishment and perfection of a system for affixing responsibility for the work of selecting and appointing cadres , and the principle of equating responsibilities and responsibilities , in all links of the work of selecting and appointing cadres in a scientific way , are based on various responsibilities , and the methods of investigation and affixing responsibility have been intensified .
we should give full play to the role of supervision by the masses , establish a sound and convenient mechanism for reporting cases .
give play to the role of public opinion supervision , and report to the media at appropriate times on the relevant situation of the work of selecting and appointing cadres , and accept supervision by public opinion .
the opinions put forward the need to further improve the mechanism for coordinating and coordinating the work of cadre supervision .
the organization of the people 's congress should strengthen its ties with the discipline inspection organs , establish a mechanism for supervision and inspection organs in charge of the work of improving the party style and promoting clean government , and strengthen the joint supervision and joint efforts .
they should work in close coordination with the discipline inspection organs to do a good job in inspection work , improve inspection methods , improve inspection systems , and improve inspection quality .
they should work in coordination with auditing organs to conscientiously implement the auditing system for leading cadres ' economic responsibilities .
we should improve the system of selecting and appointing cadres from organization departments .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) taiwan authorities have used illegal investment in the mainland as a pretext to impose heavy penalties on high - tech leading enterprises
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 16 ( reporter chen kexing ) - the taiwan authorities ' economic affairs department decided on the 15th to punish the export rebate fraud case of taiwan 's yitongfu company one of the two verbeauty , co - stock company limited ( short - cloud ) . the new - million yuan reason was unsubstantiated , providing assistance to taiwan 's nt $ 5000 in the construction of its own capacity and ship technology company in mainland china .
the taiwan " chung - kuo shih - pao " reported that this was chen shui - bian 's exposure to open up and efficient cross - strait economic and trade policies , and the taiwan authorities ' first instance of punishment for taiwan businessmen investing in the mainland .
according to reports , the taoyuan economic takeoffs association said that the unicom suffered losses in case of contracting the regulations governing cross - strait relations and the vertical operation of investment or technical cooperation in mainland china .
in the future , the overturned drill will be conducted in a unified fashion by cao xingcheng , former chairman of the united microelectronics company , and others .
the united microelectronics case , started in 2005 .
at that time , unicom board chairman cao xingcheng openly said that the unita did not violate any regulations of the taiwan authorities , and that the united microelectronics provided assistance to the taiwan - based company - based company - based company - based company - based company - based company - based company - based company - based company - based company - based company - based company - which did not offer assistance to the taiwan authorities for the long - term interests of the united microelectronics company
after that , the taiwan authorities engaged in overthrowing and management of financial affairs , in the name of violating the regulations on commercial information , opened a telegram of nt $ 3 - million .
in 2006 , the central military commission and the state council jointly issued a circular on the draft revision of the law on the prevention and control of illegal investment in the mainland in a few hours ' time .
the united microelectronics and taiwan 's chung - chang circuit company ( called " chang tai " ) , called vertical twins in crumpet in taiwan , is the leading hi - tech enterprises in taiwan .
the taiwan authorities have been adopting a double - edged policy of dealing with the united microelectronics over the past year , and this has attracted great attention from all circles on the island .
( hong kong , macao and taiwan ) the second china tour in macau
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 17 , by wire ( reporter kun li ) the second one of the gloated in my heart , macao 's epistemology grand competition announced on the 17th that the chinese people around the world gathered in the hearts of the clutch from macao to participate in the competition .
this important piece of literary competition was jointly sponsored by the macao foundation and the hundred flowers and literature publishing house , " the release of the release of the english language and the foreign edition " , and chen jiangong , vice chairman of the chinese writers association , and others were appointed chairman of the evaluation committee .
in 2004 , the return of macao to the motherland was the fifth anniversary of the return of macao , the epistemic song competition in my heart , and the chinese and foreign literary lovers responded positively , and the organizing committee received more than 8,000 entries . more than 10 award winners at home and abroad were invited to the macao sar to receive awards .
the macao sar executive council , mr ng chi - leung , said at a press conference on 17 february that last year , the " dragon in the lion 's lion 's lion 's lion 's lion 's share of the world cultural heritage " , not only implied that the macao people have long been affirming the way of life and community management model , but also indicated that the chinese nation 's elegant and different cultural traditions of inclusive and friendly love have been passed on and developed in the
wu zhiliang said : it is under such a good cultural atmosphere that the foundation of macao and the hundred flowers and literature publishing house jointly decided to cooperate again with each other in holding the second clasp in my heart , the second clasps , in macao , a large - scale clocktail competition , and hoped that participants will display the unique and elegant patriotic sentiments , the unique cultural qualities of macao , and the harmonious and happy scenery of the special administrative regions
according to presentations , the competition was held on september 1 this year . the " release of the outskirts of the prayer sea " will open a column to select the entries .
the selection results revealed that the results of the competition will be announced in the first year of 2007 in the macao sar .
shandong has successfully implemented an infant - infant heart transplant operation
xinhua news agency , jinan , february 17 , ( zhang yuqing , shen yao qin ) - the heart - to - heart disease research institute of the jinan military region recently successfully carried out a cardiac transplant operation .
reporter : on the 17th , the patient 's guardian saw that 51 days after the operation , the infant 's face was full of red , and all monitoring and inspection indexes were normal , and they smoothly completed the operation dangerous period . they were playing with the toys that the medical staff bought to him .
according to the person who had taken the medicine on the same day , the woman , who was from taian village in shandong province , was sent to the hospital by her parents , and her whole body was in full blue , respiratory problems , and examination and diagnosed with anonymous heart disease , and had to be transplant with heart .
the cardiac transplant operation is a most difficult one in the heart surgical operation , which is most risky and complicated .
in particular , when he was under 1 year old , the cardiac transplant operation is still in a vacant condition in china .
jinan military region blood - and - blood disease research institute has organized experts to repeatedly verify the situation and carefully design the operation and rear - service custody plans , and made independent innovations in the method of blood colluation , and conducted animal experiments .
in 2005 , the national people 's congress [ npc ] surgery officially began at 08:00 .
manufacturers of cardiac device , a person who has been admitted to the hospital for the first time for the symptoms of anomalia lung , have been absent from the heart .
the operation should be in line with the six blood pipes , and the total amount of each needle should not exceed three millimeters .
on the 295 th , the operation was a complete success .
the national security bureau : the key to containing the occurrence of major and extraordinarily serious accidents like coal mines is the most important of the top priority this year .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 17 , by wire ( reporter zheng ) four successive incidents of severe acute respiratory syndrome ( sars ) occurred in the country , with a serious situation of production safety in the past year , resulting in multiple epistemology of major accidents such as mine containing large scale , becoming the most important and most important tasks of the national work of safety supervision and control this year .
reporter : on the 17th , from the state administration of work safety , we learned that in order to truly curb the occurrence of major and extraordinarily serious accidents such as coal mines , the coal mine is the most important one .
this year , the coal mine safety supervision bureau will grasp the following three tasks :
the water level continues to play valleys
vajpayee 's management this year must turn around and put them into prominent position .
if the kovarsk does not carry out household planting , but it will act according to law to order it to stop immediately .
the water level continues to play the role of the overlord .
we should regard the achievements made in the work of investigating and affixing the responsibility for the work of preventing and controlling the accidents of coal mines , which have been declared to the public as 5243 , and the more than 700 coal pits recently published by various localities .
we should regard closing down small mines as our regular work , continuously close down those enterprises that sabotage resources and pollute the environment , and do not meet safety conditions .
the water level of the mine is enhanced .
we should immediately correct the practices of preventing the spread of the few large state - owned mines , guiding the chaotic management of small mines , and establishing a standardized safety management system .
in particular , we should pay attention to key state - owned coal mines , absolutely not allow ultra - intensity production superstandard to be produced .
this year 's production safety control index requires that all kinds of accidents in the country drop by 3-3 percent from last year , among which coal mines dropped by 3.5 percent .
a joint operation of the first batch of coal mine safety supervision and inspection team , which took place in the city 's coal mine , was completed in the same period .
these control indices have been set up in the people 's governments at all levels , and various localities are implementing them in various levels and enterprises .
the statistics show that in 2005 , the number of coal mine accidents in the whole country was 5986 , a year - on - year decrease of 0.7 percent .
however , once the 10 victims were killed more than 10 , the number of victims increased by 66.6 percent over the same period last year .
( international ) bashar calls on all parties to take into consideration the future status of kosovo
xinhua news agency , belgrade , february 17 th , by reporter yi he
the president said that he had met with the interim authority president seydime gyurcsic of kosovo , serbia serbia , and other representatives of the serbian people , and said that the parties concerned in kosovo should adopt a tolerant attitude and establish a democratic and multi - ethnic integration kosovo , and that only by respecting the government 's executive power and protecting the rights and interests of minority nationalities can kosovo be recognized by the international community .
he also stressed that the european commission will do everything possible to help kosovo develop .
the president said that he is satisfied with the progress of the kosovo war , which was put forward by the united nations , on the standard of the democratic process .
he said : these standards are applicable to the security of kosovo and europe .
he also called on all the ethnic serbian in kosovo to join the organizations of kosovo to make contributions to realizing democracy and the integration of the multi - ethnic groups .
the president said that he was deeply impressed by the achievements made by the two countries in their cooperation in the fields of economy , trade , science and technology .
earlier , president barroso visited china and croatia and serbia and montenegro . he also visited macedonia , albania , and bosnia - herzegovina .
( winter olympics ) . hing up doping news analysis : sending a group of beavalanova events may have to be over .
xinhua news agency , duling , february 17 , news analysis : the incident of sending a group of va is likely to be over
xinhua news agency , gao peng , ding ying ,
although the italian side has repeatedly warned that the duling winter olympics will be held in the city of duan , the athletes may face a torn battle and face the torpedo disaster , but judging from all kinds of situations , this situation is not very likely to occur in this winter olympics , the main player in the winter season of the first superb , russian winter season , and russian winter season athlete osva .
the dutch winter olympics opened on 16 november .
the following day , the ioc announced that it had sent lena to leave the winter olympics . she had won the gold medal at the winter olympics games for 15 kilometers of individual bronze medals .
the international winter season is the first time in the world to have a major impact on the two - year ban of the album .
the government has always been in the right place to decide whether or not the athletes are using stimulants in the olympic games and will be deprived of their qualification for the games , but they will not be punished by law .
however , according to italian law , the athletes carry and use stimulants are crimes .
last december , the ioc and the italian government , after a year of hard barging , priced , finally reached an agreement , which was agreed to open up the market in the winter olympics in accordance with the italian law .
after the international olympic committee 's unremitting efforts , the italian side has made a big breakthrough in the four days before the opening of the winter olympics , promising that the police will not enter the olympic village to search the athlete 's place , but the dyette athletes will still accept investigation by the italian procuratorial organs .
some reports say that the italian government supervises turin winter olympics officials perth , who have already sent leava 's brain - spiraling to turin 's procuratorial organs .
however , the ioc and the perth team of peter ricardo have not yet confirmed the matter .
russia 's winter season is the last two teams of doctors anderson de mikov revealed at noon on 17 july that they had sent lena lenovo to return to china .
zeng qinghong , who had fought against the doping agency for many years in the world , held that once the lena returns to china , this matter will eventually be covered with flesh and glasses .
" the success of the international olympic committee and the italian government in the anti - doping issue in the winter olympics has never completely solved the flashing problem , and even the italian procuratorial organs really got involved in this matter , it is hard to say .
according to the previous italian evaluation of the use of stimulants by the athletes , the penalties for the inmates who have been given the most punishment are merely two years of imprisonment buffer from each year to implement their household wear .
therefore , the italian anta social service 's senior journalist pierre - eli said that the possibility of leava entering the prison was very microscopic , and the maximum penalty was a fine .
pierre also said that although italy 's court can conduct an absentee trial , the italian police cannot possibly send the liaf to foreign countries to serve the sentence .
if the leavers refuse to accept the verdict , the italian side will have no way to take her .
the comprehensive news : the new epidemic site continues to emerge in various countries in the world .
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 18 - the xinhua news agency 's foreign news agency reported that the bird flu has further spread on the african continent .
the world health organization confirmed on the 17th that three regions of egypt have found bird flu - affected deaths .
in europe , france is also the first time discovered five kinds of bird flu viruses , europe is highly vigilant and strengthened epidemic prevention measures .
the who 's director - general of the east mediterranean region , hassan bush , told the press in egypt that the two countries are currently conducting a test in cairo , cairo in central egypt , and miniaturu in the south , and have discovered h5n1 bird flu virus , and relevant egyptian government departments have started slaughtering poultry that seem to be infected with avian influenza .
experts point out that egypt is the most important country for the migratory birds in the middle east and north , and the migratory birds carrying the avian flu virus into the country are very likely .
egyptian has announced the ban on imports of live poultry from abroad and has strengthened the quarantine work at border ports .
kawaguchi , capital of cameroon , has been hit by a series of bird flu cases in the past week .
kawaguchi has decided to suspend all the poultry imports from nigeria , where the bird flu epidemic has occurred , and suspend all imports from the markets of poultry and related products on all the markets along the two countries ' borders .
khartoum also said in a short time that a comprehensive , comprehensive , effective and effective monitoring network has been set up in the country 's bassad center and the national veterinary laboratory to cope with emergency , so that it can launch at any time the testing work on the 5/1 type of virus .
in europe , the denmark and sweden signed a preliminary ruling on 17 july .
sweden 's veterinary research institute released a report on the results of the first test of dead swans found on wednesday , indicating that the sweet swan in sweden had no bird flu virus .
denmark 's national veterinary administration has confirmed that the h5n1 strain of bird flu has been found in 30 dead swans in the territory of denmark .
however , the agricultural department said that denmark could not take this lightly .
the eastern european country 's romania has seen nine bird flu - affected areas since the beginning of this year , and who experts said in bucharest on the 17th that almost all of the regions in the danube delta have bird flu , and must take this situation seriously , romania may be threatened with bird flu in the next three or five years .
in the asian region , bangladesh has taken all necessary measures to prevent the avian flu .
the government 's livestock service has provided the relevant officials with information on the prevention of avian influenza and has also organized poultry feeders to conduct training .
( newspaper clippings ) china 's first blood - sharing management system in zhejiang
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 18 - according to the blood center of zhejiang province , china 's first system for sharing blood information management and control network system has been officially completed and put into use in the center recently .
the blood center of zhejiang province said that this means that any citizen will be required to work in any county ( city ) in zhejiang to collect blood donations , donations , and there will be a single one without 2 code .
this spokesman said : the chinese government has decided to ban the import of relevant code numbers and to provide the service for the insolvency of the blood donors .
this is not only able to protect the lives of the donors , but also can effectively protect the health and safety of the blood users .
in addition , when blood supply is tense , the blood donors and their families have the right to use blood first , and if you input the blood donors ' effective documents , you can immediately show the blood donors ' information and are quite convenient .
according to a report in hangzhou 's " today 's morning post , " the information system has been installed in all 36 blood - collecting organizations across the province . all blood - collecting organizations in the province can also appear real time in their blood resources , thus realizing the sharing of data across the province .
to prevent the recurrence of landslides in 11 villages in the philippines , the emergency withdrawal of the 11 villages in the philippines was carried out .
xinhua news agency , manila , february 18 , philippine local officials said on the 18th that in order to prevent the recurrence of similar landslide incidents in the eastern philippines , the government had decided to withdraw immediately .
the two countries have agreed to strengthen cooperation in the fields of energy , energy , and environmental protection , said a senior official of the ministry of agriculture , the ministry of agriculture , the ministry of agriculture , the ministry of agriculture , the ministry of agriculture , the ministry of agriculture and the ministry of public health .
the withdrawal of 11 palestinian villages is a very important step in the process of the withdrawal .
laiya said that the government has decided yesterday to allow residents to leave , and today it has sent people to inspect these villages , because some people do not want to leave their homes .
on 17 april , the mountain slide incident occurred in southern lisbon , sodium , a small mountain village in saint sober town in southern laitho . viewed from the television , soil and stone have buried the entire village , and only you can see several roofs .
as the soil is very thick and humidity , it is buried under the water that can survive .
at present , there are 109 people dead and another 57 are reported missing .
according to estimates , the accident has caused about one - million people to die ,
( overseas chinese affairs association of fujian province ) overseas chinese in quanzhou , south fujian , registered a year - on - year increase of 35.2 percent in january
xinhua news agency , fuzhou , february 19 , guo yu , a native of quanzhou city , in january this year , continued to maintain a high growth momentum .
according to customs statistics , in january , quanzhou exported 3.3 - billion us dollars , the best record in history , an increase of 35.2 percent over the same period last year , higher than the average growth rate of the entire province .
according to the report by the quanzhou city foreign economic and trade bureau , the reason why quanzhou 's foreign trade growth rate in january was able to grow at a high speed is mainly because of the role of various foreign trade support measures in quanzhou , the enthusiasm of enterprises for export has risen , enterprise management confidence has been strengthened , and the environment for the development of foreign trade has been highly efficient and unimpeded .
