the white house urged the united states to send nuclear inspectors to monitor north korea 's nuclear reactor
the white house today called for sending nuclear inspectors to monitor north korea 's nuclear reactor and the white house was set up after us president bush and south korean president roh taw talked over the phone .
the white house national security council spokesman cheuk - cheuk said that the two leaders today discussed how to strengthen the role of the united states and south korea in the north - south nuclear issue and hoped that iaea inspectors would soon return to north korea to supervise the stopovers ' stoppage and closed - door response .
the cheuk hang group , which is also the first of its kind signed by the two presidents yesterday , welcomed the us - south korea free trade agreement and will work to ensure the ratification of the agreement by the two countries ' legislatures .
experts believe that pyongyang has achieved great success in producing nuclear plutonium in the past 20 years .
the six - party talks envoy hill said last week that the dprk 's nuclear issue would be resolved through consultations with the dprk .
the western part of india was hit by heavy rain , which killed 43 people .
the western part of india suffered from torrential rains in the weekend , and some areas were flooded , so large cities in the western part of china stopped at home and abroad .
rescuers ' rescue officials said today that the cause of death of 43 people was spotted .
each year , six to september , the monsoon brought throttles of glass , often causing a country in india , which has a population of 110 million , to flood through unchecked disasters , or even to cause casualties .
the successful practice of this luxury and overcast , half of the victims were drowned by floods , and other shoddy housing or household electrical appliances were swung and swung into vertically and vertically in other industries .
the indian financial center also suffered from modeling .
in the 29 june alone , more than 3:00 pieces of colored colored dress were spotted in the wind .
the chinese government has always attached great importance to the protection of human resources , said chief executive zarqawi .
the city government officials appealed to the citizens to turn around and work in a little bit of rain to protect their own security .
yesterday , the rain was slightly reduced to most parts of the zhifu area .
the indian ocean flows in china , which killed nearly 500 people
according to the reports by officials and media , the number of trees planted in various parts of india this year has climbed to 486 , due to thicker rain .
the united states is the one in the world , quoted from the government department 's acting head and reconstruction , qadan , to disclose that the various indian provinces have recently entered into one succession , resulting in casualties and economic losses in various places , and the number one largest city in india , laser la , the largest city in india , has reached 3well - known death toll .
the report pointed out that qadan was a " red " activity when inspecting the show and told the media reporters .
he said : at the same time , india 's largest cotton production site , rashid , is vast in vast oceans , with 27 cotton producing areas covering a total of household dressing thrown and filled with heavy water problems , exceeding 10,000 disaster victims being treated in a uniform and safe manner .
the whole country of india has been moving from south to north , and has entered into one week ago . residents of various provinces have long held a dry and gansu - lin mood to greet the rain , but they have not expected the rain to suddenly become a ferocious and ferocious rain , the highway has changed , the low - lying areas have all been flooded , and the traffic versus has paralyzed , and so far about 500 people have died due to
wen jiabao said on the eve of the opening of the winnipeg web , chockekenech ,
spain 's red tide , tips , naked on today in wenbuston , expressed deep support for the battle of the " four strong contests " , competition champion and crovic , who could not win any more battle but retreat due to injuries , and insert into the final , and conferred the swiss world 's player de duer , the swiss world 's champion , in the tortuous tiger 's hide , a french champion
georgia 's president , who won the 16 th national league and the eight championships , had called on his guards to treat his back and wounded during the competition . he was hit by the third set today , because he was thrown into water by a trench , he asked the security guards to treat him , and later he consciously could not hold his own hands to wound up the battle and decided to abandon the game .
fourth seed georgovic retreat , which originally had been in 3 to 6 , more than one one .
nagoro 's opening ceremony was not only because the hot - machine was too slow , it turned around under a situation , and three vertically twinkled battle conditions were both displayed .
the satellite is capable of tapping the tunnels in iran
the us think tank , the science and international security institute , reported today that commercial satellite shows that iran is producing nader uranium enrichment facilities to excavate a tunnels , which may be to protect its nuclear equipment when hit by air raids .
these trumpet crystals were developed from the united states , glittering and bushing , and published on june 11 , and they are on scientific and international security research .
the study is designed to study the latest development of the non - profit research organization in washington .
the chinese government has always attached great importance to the protection of the ecological environment in the south of the naztz facility , and the construction of the facility is a uranium enrichment factory .
analysts said that the us and britain are both " very close " in their reports , adding that the epistulogic tunnels are images and are not clear , but the one on the poly road seems to be incorporated into a tunnel facility , and another road may also lead to the cec 's tail assembly hall .
they said : " each corner of the earth like this is dug into the mountain will be used to play an excellent protective role while air raids , and the tone will be turned into a protective function .
the un special envoy held a nuclear talks on iran 's attitude
the un international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) is ready to cooperate with iranian officials in various aspects to achieve a more balanced and effective solution to the iranian nuclear programme , said the deputy director - general of the iaea , haynanni , today .
however , iranian president ahmadinejad further sanctioned the united nations under the pressure of further sanctions .
ahmadinejad 's taste , iran 's not stop uranium enrichment , but welcome this latest talk .
he said : the installation of orion loading scuetres can slow down or speed , which is an issue of implementation , but no one should expect us to give up our rights , and we will not stop this assembly moving toward clogues .
he is in hainovin and arrived at the spotlight .
the haiinning delegation is aimed at drawing up a plan to promote the peaceful resolution of iran 's nuclear programme .
the united nations has failed to freeze uranium enrichment work and has carried out two sets of sanctions against iran .
the united states , iran 's news agency , reported that the nokia news agency and iran 's national security council 's assistant foreign minister wadi were holding talks .
iran 's talks group member also includes the iaea deputy chairman seri ismail and the iaea ambassador to iran sonia gandhi .
the company 's east china sea tour , which will be held in beijing , will display its vitality .
palestinian authorities have set up a demonstration center in the wake of the clogues of twins , and the one month 's time , the prime minister 's legal request was temporarily submitted , but the new government was immediately charged to collect new clogged uniform .
the relationship between agriculture and social affairs was very good , but still remains uncertain , said hashimi , minister of agriculture and social affairs , havel , who told afp , " the government of the cabinet , which he is responsible for dealing with the daily government affairs of abbas , " said the statement .
abbas 's flesh and anger told afp that the french resignation was presented , and abbas ordered him to perform his present duties until he still stood up to his new government position .
the number of the economic scholars who are respected has proposed his resignation , but it is only procedural resignation and does not waver his prime minister position .
the french and french presidents have been working hard since 17 january to lead an emergency cabinet in palestine to implement abbas 's violent clogging order after declaring bankruptcy .
according to the palestinian autonomous government basic law , the red tide has not been agreed by the parliament , and cannot exceed 30 days , but the autonomous parliament is now in a state of paralysis .
emergency government response authority today expires .
the wto representative 's new proposal to break down the doha round of talks
the world trade organization ( wto ) 's main negotiator proposed today that the united states should cut its subsidies to agriculture by a large margin , while developing countries should reduce tariffs on imports of industrial products in order to break the deadlock in the doha round of trade talks .
officials said that the new dawn model was demanded that the united states provide subsidies to agriculture every year from 1:00 us dollars currently allowed to drop to less than 200 million us dollars , and that the state would reduce the import tariffs on industrial products to below .
these proposals aim to break the doha round of talks over the past six years and to promote the flow of information among wto member members .
the wto secretary general said that these suggestions were reached between the two sides , which were balanced and development - oriented , and were fair and rational basic , basic , basic , basic , and basic , foundation .
larry said : each member of the union is dissatisfied with the contents of the proposal , but the discriminatory problems that have resulted in disagreement are less than the consensus .
he called on all parties concerned to take more intensive negotiations in the next few weeks .
the strong earthquake impact zero production , auto production plant and orthoped in the orthodox
japan 's defense budget deficit hit by strong earthquake this week , causing a zero - sum shortage and a verglove and a day - to - day auto production , etc. , said today that they will either turn around or even suspend domestic auto production .
japan 's torpedo rits 6.8
the world 's most selling car manufacturers , one name brand , said that it shone up to 21 tonight and will suspend domestic automobile production .
the japanese - made spokesman , nakasawa , said that from the day before yesterday to the 23 rd , two japanese factories will suspend production and operation , and will reassess the situation on the weekend .
he said : the two factories are both capable of orthodox , one of which will be affected , but the company may increase the number of workshops next month to make up for the backward production progress .
ling jihua said that tomorrow he will meet with the president of the china association for international trade and industry , and will suspend some production of orion auto products starting tomorrow .
the automobile industry said that the next week may suspend some leather shion .
this incident of the largest earthquake that killed at least 10 people , and injured in jubilation , several hundred lords , and forced the factories in the disaster areas to stop and put them in .
the number of taiwan businessmen who snatched from the market was cancelled in britain .
the number of people who were killed in the attack on hong kong earlier this month has increased to a record high , according to the official .
the public light bus ( plaza ) , located in the high consumption area , + fu zhifu , its name , said : in view of the incidents in hong kong , we cancelled the environmental bags from the market .
if the people are proud of a 140,000 lutby ( about nt $ 460 ) , the pange is overcast , then it does not have that value value .
the hong kong people gathered in the store on 6 june to rush to buy a large quantity of colored sticks from the english veracoustic , shaped shaped and undressed , and the blast bags were not covered in the plastic bags , but the shopkeeper refused to follow , swelling and swelling in the face .
this model of environmental protection is designed to produce a new generation of products that can satisfy the demands of environmental protection . it has become a popular index in london and new york overnight , triggering the purchase , auction of website eape price to zero price several times that of the price from the price of apy to zero price .
the only one to be allowed to sell orion cups in indonesia was dusting dushing lacer , indicating that it was uncertain whether it would be sold after a few days .
the hostage crisis , however , has directly negotiated between south korea and the performer
the afghan hostage kidnappers and 23 south korean hostages were confirmed today as the last day , requesting south korea to withdraw its troops from afghanistan , otherwise the hostages will be killed .
with the passage of time , the chinese situation has been developing in a positive way , and south korean officials have been organizing and starting negotiations for the first time today .
however , in the meantime , they said in a gathering that another kidnapped german hostage was very weak , and started to fall into a dark horse and lost consciousness .
the united states has called on germany and south korea to withdraw troops from afghanistan and demanded that the hostages be exchanged for 33 guerrillas jailed by the afghan government .
the spokesman said that the chinese government has always been very concerned about the collapse of the tribes and the fact that the tribes are like a glass , " said amazed .
aziz said that the trifles we hope to have results in this round of talks .
the number of local time is only 7 : 00 pm ( 0:30 gmt ) , and the time is over , the hostage will begin killing south korean hostages .
the number of people who have extended their lives twice .
the maritime dispute is hard to reach a consensus , and the military talks between the two koreas are dispersed in discheers
as the sea area is divided into different divisions , the length of the three - day high - level military talks between the south and the north are dispersed without cheers today .
in the border city , crumbling talks were held today in the last day of the meeting , north korea 's chief representative kim yong - chol ( translation ) said : we have come to a conclusion that we need to talk about those unsuccessful talks , and we need to talk about them .
the price of the flesh was raised , and the gold medal was clearly unpleasant , attacked south korea and deliberately + turned into the new sea area to replace the existing " thrush " encephalopulum encephalopulum encephalopulum in the north .
he pointed out that the beithrusting line was not legal .
the water - borne orbiting orion in the north , which has become a hot spot after the korean war ended in 1953 , but has become the focus of the dispute between the two koreas in recent years , north korea still refuses to admit it .
north korea says it will carry out cloud and torpedo attacks in the waters , causing tension , and south korea claims that the allegation is groundless .
local waters are in the vicinity of the sea in june 1999 , causing dozens of north korean crewmen .
comparing june 2002 with june 2002 , a similar clash occurred , with six south korean clerks coming from lucky lumps .
the us treasury secretary 's visit to china to promote environmental protection and exchange rate is a key issue
the us treasury secretary powell arrived in china yesterday to visit the united states , and the united states is going all out to persuade china to further carry out the necessary economic reform and environmental protection work , especially the rmb exchange rate issue that has attracted much attention .
the us diplomats said that powell 's visit to the chinese northwest region first left for the taxipu in the vast province of china 's northwest .
the current situation in china is the most prominent water lake in the region , and the implementation of a series of environmental protection plans .
boucher said today that he is going to visit beijing to discuss with chinese officials the promotion of the us - china strategic economic dialogue process .
the us - china strategic economic dialogue mainly focuses on economic environmental protection , and the most important thing is the issue of the rmb exchange rate , and us congressmen believe that the renminbi is overestimating .
the us - china trade deficit is rapidly increasing in the united states , and the pressure within the united states is gradually increasing , and congressmen are prepared to take retaliatory action to confront their so - called china unfair trade policy .
last week , the us senate finance committee adopted an overwhelming bill calling on the treasury to recognize the role of currency exchange rate and fundamentally mistakenly assess the country 's list , thus opening the door to the economic sanctions imposed on beijing .
the us congressmen said that the renminbi is undervalued , which has enabled china to sell to the united states in a very hot and aggravating imbalance in us - china trade . last year , the us trade deficit with china reached $ 2.5 billion .
moore 's flesh claimed to be the 60 th year old and completely withdrawn from the soccer field
from the beginning of the torrential rain , mousio 's future was always the media 's speculation , but it was just like in the past that the portuguese again stressed that he would stay in west london this summer .
the number of newspapers listed 14 newspapers , including 14 vertical dawn , but i still remember it in western and western lisbon , and i can hardly tell them .
moore said that the chinese government hopes that the day will be taken up by the portuguese team , and i really want to teach how to go , i believe there will always be a portuguese football association , and i hope to recruit me as my chief player and handshake portuguese ,
however , the 44 - year - old moody did not plan to make a contribution to the soccer , and he said he would retire before 60 , and he did not want to be like boehobsen and fragment , and he would work until the year 's old , it could be rare .
the chinese people have already made a commitment to my wife , and i will not be like robert and fauson , but i have been teaching until 70 years old , and the stress is on the strength of the force .
moore said that the acquiescence reached 60 years old , and i wanted to go to a perfect monument .
i have too many things that i cannot do now , waiting for me to do something like a sticking sticks .
the chinese people have no intention of becoming a soccer advisor or or a technical director , such as barbados or sarkozy .
i do not want to play such a role .
i do not want to become a club chairman , i only want to go through football , but i 'm tasty and sticking to what is said by mike imo .
( qi liang )
shanxi hongdong county 's cao shengcunbing machine soldier zheng xingguo 's beixingshan case ( photo )
the chinese new website , july , in society , focused its energies on the morning of 1 july , the cosponsore of the first instance of the first instance of the first instance of the first instance of the case of cao shengcun , a monastery in hongqi county , shanxi , was discovered in the daylight of the " black lion walls " case .
the number of domestic media has been increasing with concern for this case .
the local authorities concerned have been rather cautious , and some reporters have not been able to enter the scene for interviews .
at present , the clumsy is still underway .
according to the investigation report by the institute of penalties of linfen city , it is like a lump , and it is estimated that it will be finished overnight .
however , whether the montreal monument can be pronounced in court will still be unknown .
at 0900 hours , a reporter noticed that the fire broke out at the gate of the central academy of linfen city and the clues were calm and swung between .
perhaps , the court has been unable to explain what kind of feeling about the floating activity they are going to carry out .
the number of people who were not familiar with the law was a fair thing .
a scholar on cross - strait relations who traveled there looked at the national emblem and said self - evident .
earlier , heming county had informed sources that wang bing had already been in his pet cao shengcun , former party branch secretary of shufu village , in accordance with the law , dismissed the county people 's congress deputies ' qualifications .
earlier , wang dongying had a meeting with wang bing 's dark brick fog in a dark brick case and was dismissed from the post of secretary of the village party branch and expelled from the party .
the " red army " which was the first to be launched by the wang bing - bing black brick warehouse case has drawn attention at home and abroad , and the high - level central authorities have written instructions to investigate the case .
the dprk and the rok have reached a consensus on cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources .
the chinese new website on july 8 .
the dprk and the rok held a joint news conference on the development of light industry and underground resources on 7 june .
according to the agreement , the rok will provide the dprk with light industrial products such as apparel and other light industrial products , and the dprk will grant the rok some domestic export - oriented mining rights to the rok .
according to a report released by japan to the association , the rok and the dprk held a joint military exercise in kaicheng within three days to discuss cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources , and reached an agreement in the end .
according to the agreement , the rok will provide orion orion shoes and sausages to north korea , and the total value of the 9vergu lion is 9vergu ;
right now , the dprk will regard the three orion orchestrated extravagant extravagant rights in the country as the right to extract them .
the rok government will hold a meeting of the western japanese delegation to gather together in the lion 's lion and lion 's worth in the western part of china on 25 july .
according to the plan , from 28 july , the rok and the dprk will jointly launch a survey in the eastern part of the dprk .
the rok government 's bottom - loaded switch began to provide the dprk with 400,000 tons of rice aid .
in the dprk , it expressed willingness to actively carry out the six - party talks on closing nuclear facilities and other issues , and the economic cooperation between the dprk and the rok has again become active .
lanzhou city bureau of pricing and price control explained : only when the increase is too big can the price be too high .
the chinese new online , july 10 ( huang party )
the case came to light this afternoon at the lanzhou municipal bureau of commodities control , inviting the departments concerned to hold a discussion meeting on the price limitation of cattle .
the news conference learned that the epistodox price bureau and other departments jointly issued a document of highest price limitation , mainly because the rise in the cowl price was too big and exceeded the tolerance of residents .
it is reported that the cattle face price increase this time has risen by 20 percent , and data show that this is the first time since the early 1980 s , lanzhou 's meat price has risen the fastest and most increase .
" the government 's action is to consider the need for the local residents ' economic ability , and we are going to pay a maximum price for the pilot project , " said the director of lanzhou city bureau of pricing ,
the us government announced on 26 april that the jichang zhichang zhichang zhichang and other departments in lanzhou city , together with the department in charge of pricing the highest in the flashy surface , have jointly curbed the price of cattle , and once the news is revealed , the news has aroused strong concern .
according to reports , the forum aims to extensively solicit opinions from all circles and to make preparations for the next step of the detailed management measures , and it is also disclosed that lanzhou will hold a news conference tomorrow .
this will be the first time lanzhou city has raised prices of cattle .
the number of cases in which the chinese development council suspended the activities for three months
the chinese new website on 11 july . according to information from the website , in a lucky report on 9 july , xinxia stopped its activities in the development and promotion conference in china .
the penalty order shows that the development council of china has the following illegal acts : one superstandard after collect one , each one , each one , each one , each , each , each using one , to collect other expenses from non - member units .
after investigation , the unit 's members ' red watch standard is 22,000 yuan per year , from june to february 2007 , each time , they presented a total of household clogged and each individual unit member collected 21,000 yuan from external debts , and the other household collected money from the rest of the household , and collected more than 800,000 yuan from the water , collecting more than 80 yuan from the water , and collecting more than 80 yuan from the agencies , including collecting management fees from agencies , etc.
the number of people who register themselves with social organizations under the management of the regulations on registration and management of social organizations , article 33 ( 8 ) , is a specific one to suspend the activities within three months and to block the lucky things like this meeting and other things in accordance with the law .
the rok government hopes to resolve the korean peninsula nuclear issue through the six - party talks
the chinese new website on 12 july learned from the korean union news agency that the south korean government has expressed its strong dissatisfaction over the proposal to hold the head - of - delegation meeting of the six - party talks to be held in beijing on 18 july .
the rok foreign affairs and trade ministry spokesman said in a commentary on 12 june that she hoped that she would fulfill the commitments made at the start - up phase and fulfill the next phase of the talks and hold the six - party talks as soon as possible , as well as concrete and substantive plans for holding the six - party talks , so as to accelerate the process of denuclearization on the korean peninsula .
the commentary also said : " a fool , the core of the north korean nuclear issue , our government will provide valuable support for rapidly and successfully realizing the denuclearization of the korean peninsula , and will closely cooperate with relevant countries in this regard . "
officials revealed that the beijing olympic games is expected to create a maximum of 1 million competitors and regions .
the chinese new website , july 16 .
xinhua news agency news agency , beijing olympic organizing committee international exhibition deputy director wang shilin disclosed on 14 november that the beijing olympic organizing committee will submit a report to the 205 ioc members ' olympic committee next month on participation in the olympic games .
he said that if no accident occurred , the beijing olympic games will be the most important sports event in history in the countries and regions .
the report said that on 10 and 12 april , wang shilin , on behalf of the beijing olympic organizing committee , reported to the pan american sports organization conference the progress of the preparations for the beijing olympic games , including the construction of a dressing dressing , twelve , blooming , and the world , etc.
wang shilin said : the pan - us sports organizations ' member countries and regions are all very interested in the beijing olympic games , and all 42 members have affirmed that they will attend the olympic games in beijing next month and the olympic committees delegation heads meetings in various countries and regions will be held in beijing .
it is reported that during the meeting , the ioc will work with the beijing olympic organizing committee to formally invite the 205 ioc members ' olympic committee to participate in the watching olympic games .
( gao peng yang lemin )
wang yan was hurt and turned for the better " insisted on " sitting on a bench and a muscle muscle muscle muscles " to restore " two - level "
the chinese official said that wang yan could be sitting on a wooden bench , but she could not stay too long and she would feel dizzy , adding that yesterday alone , wu xiqin , director of zhejiang sports and entertainment bureau , told the reporter .
earlier , the two injured in the match , wang yan , was continuously improving , among which , she turned left and right to the muscle muscles and was back to the verge more than 10 days ago , and she rose into two stress .
the satellite will be launched from shanghai six college this month , tresting , and rocked in the huge glaciers ( severe complications ) , and its right - hand limb muscles are 2 to 3 , while its left upper and upper limb muscles are 1 .
in the past half a month , wang yan 's upper limb muscles have improved further .
the number of doctors said wang yan 's funnel reached 40,000 .
in other words , in less than half a month , wang yan 's upper limb muscles resumed versus orion , and each time he could become the champion .
the first - aid , wang yan could be transferred to the old folk , with the help of the doctor .
the hospital rehabilitation experts originally planned to spend about $ 2 million on rehabilitation beds last weekend to carry out a drill in the area .
however , according to wang yan 's current recovery , the concubine training must be temporarily postponed .
wu xilai said : wang yan 's current tempering mainly uses a sticky lion , she can perform in a taste , and she can still not enjoy too long time . ( reporters wang zheng ) she still grew up too long and still laughed ( reporters wang zheng )
venezuelan president juan says that he will cut wages of senior civil servants
the chinese new website , july 23 , comprehensively reported that venezuelan president hutu gave a verbal cups on the venezuelan internal and foreign policy policy on july 22 .
he said : the large - scale reduction of wages for senior civil servants .
he also said that the coming to teach foreigners to venezuela if they attack the venezuelan government , they will face serious consequences and will be expelled .
the number of people who have been arrested by the government has been ordered to closely monitor the statements made by foreigners during their visit to venezuela , and they have found that anyone who openly criticized him or the venezuelan government must expel him from the country .
he said on the evening of 22 february that the venezuelan government cannot tolerate fungus running into the house , finger and sticking .
he said in his speech that the chinese government will greatly reduce the salaries of senior civil servants .
he said : venezuela 's civil servants have a maximum salary of not exceeding $ dawn per month .
it is reported that in venezuela , some poor people have a monthly income of usd .
in latin american countries , the reduction of civil servants has become a general trend and has won the support of the broad masses .
peru 's overflow and other countries ' leaders have all cut their salaries .
the water level in cuba is still high , and the cuban leader also reminded him to follow what he said .
he said : president carter and his party have given him a letter from a former director of the central united states , a copy of a warm memoir written by the head of the central government , and he has watched various kinds of clistine hot dressing by the cia .
the number one spy case , which occurred in tiananmen square , was temporarily punished according to the customs
beijing time ( beijing time ) the international auto movement council held a meeting on the framing technology espionage case in paris last night , and the maekai clone that was summoned was escaped by one of the three parties : the council decided not to punish the mai kai round for the time being .
the international auto industry 's official website , after hearing the statement , issued a statement saying : mount tapeo matai , the kai laser boxers have the secret data of maglilley , but there is no sufficient evidence to indicate that these data are being used in the international auto federation grade primary competition , so they will not be punished in the international auto industry . therefore , they will not be punished .
however , the french government has not yet taken any action to investigate this case .
the automobile campaign council will hold a meeting in the same decision : glushing will be a shumbling show if it is discovered that the relevant data from fallujah will be used for damage . we retained the right to request the mai kai to return the automobile sports council 's right . at that time , they may face punishment by canceling the beauty beauty in 2007 and even the 2008 olympic bid qualification .
at present , the number of mekakai 's former architect mkw , who has been suspended , has been discovered to have held nearly 800 pages of legal documents , including french larley 2007 racing vehicle 's design , elegant design , driving power , construction , cramming , crawling , development , operation , and other operational links .
the first stage of the taekwondo , the overpass team did not know the name of other people in the team before the completion of the work . the mai kai lumps failed to produce any magic clappers .
( wang yuan )
experts believe that the insurance industry is a lacer and spoiled stock market in the short term .
the chinese new website on 30 july ,
according to the china securities news , recently the " regulations on the management of insurance funds ' overseas investments " have been promulgated , and insurance funds have a broader space for applying the capital market .
the china - made corporation 's chief investment officer liu lefei said : the appreciation of the rmb and the development of the domestic capital market are good , and the insurance institutions will not make large - scale investment through foreign exchange purchases in the near future . this also means that insurance , + it is a blitz that not in the short term , will not flow into domestic stock market funds .
the report said that many insurance institutions hold the same view .
experts said that because of the lack of renminbi + orion products , insurance institutions have not been able to avoid risks , so the time for large - scale purchases of foreign currencies is not yet ripe .
liu lefei said : over the long term , the state has made considerable headway in the allocation of assets . in the overall arrangement of insurance companies , foreign investments should account for a certain proportion .
however , in view of the fact that the rmb has a greater pressure of appreciation , china 's epistogue will mainly use its own foreign exchange funds to make investments abroad .
the government has taken into account the fact that foreign exchange purchase is conducted overseas and should take care of it at present .
( shang jiao )
the chinese lunar orion lost $ 52.5 billion in direct losses this year , and the general plan for flood prevention and drought control was made .
reporter learned from the national general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control that up till july , there were 118 million mu of nationwide disaster - stricken areas , of which 119.15 million were affected and 1.69 million were affected by the disaster , 652 were injured due to disasters , 45.2 million in houses , and direct economic losses were 5.25 billion yuan .
the national cultivated land has been reduced by 1.4 - billion mu , which has a certain amount of 1.4 - billion , plus one hundred - million , one large flow is still in a verge due to drought and verpleorous pleorous orion .
on july 1 , the national flood control and drought relief headquarters , in light of the current grim situation of flood prevention and drought control , made urgent arrangements .
the circular urged all provinces and municipalities along the huai he and the general headquarters of flood prevention to strengthen their strength , strengthen their strength , guard against emergencies , and seize all - round victories in flood prevention and drought - proof projects .
the state flood control and drought relief headquarters in conjunction with finance departments and agriculture departments have separately dispatched three work teams to carry out flood prevention and drought control tasks and direct drought - fighting work .
at present , flood and disaster relief work is being carried out in a tense and orderly manner , operation normal , and flow into the flood in xinhe river , henan , three wulou in anhui , jiangsu , one from jiangsu , one from one in the verge , one from one in the orthodox , one in the oreges .
the water level of the river is not high .
heilongjiang , heilongjiang , jiangxi , and other provinces started emergency response in accordance with the plan , and the anti - drought work is being carried out in an intense and orderly manner .
( by reporter zhao yu )
the chen shui - bian authorities secretly approved judicial intervention in the election of taiwan 's " judicial yuan " denies and wants to explain it .
the chinese new website , july 1 , chen shui - bian , questioned the attempt of judicial personnel on the island to intervene in the election of leaders in the taiwan region .
the taiwan judicial department 's executive department has displayed its unique features , and added to it that the performance of judges on the island is not in keeping with chen shui - bian 's words , and has demanded chen shui - bian to explain his statements .
according to a report by taiwan 's " zheng duan " [ preceding acronym in english ] on 30 june , chen shui - bian questioned the judge 's lactic and investigators , because of political factors or election considerations , intervened in and even attempted to influence the election campaign activities of various party candidates , saying that he hoped that this phenomenon would not exist in taiwan , but it was very likely that it would be very difficult .
in view of chen shui - bian 's doubts , taiwan + chang fu shengli , executive yuan president , answered , " jifu " , secretary general fan guangqun , and gao zhizhizhizhi , executive yuan representatives ' accounts in the judicial yuan .
gao jinchi said : the taiwan basic law and the " rules of the red " of judges clearly declared that judges should go beyond the party , cannot participate in political party activities , and cannot help the election , and the judge has carefully abided by the relevant regulations , and believes in the judicial system very well .
gao jinchi , pointed out that the high loading cups of chang fu , chang xizhi , a judge of gaoxiong , participated in the kaida school course a few years ago , that is , due to the political party colors of the relevant courses , the disciplinary committee formed by the judges was dismissed .
zhang shengxi was once thinking of taking part in the dpp 's + chang and running debates on his job . finally , he decided to abandon his plan .
gao jinchi said : if the individual cases are tried , there will be a trial in the level of hearing , and the case will not be defeated in accordance with the verdict alone .
germany to cut down professional talent import threshold
the reporter of the pla 's berlin 1 july ( reporter wang hucheng )
germany 's education and scientific research minister shauvin said that germany should lower its " gospel " to provide support for introducing foreign professional personnel and increase the degree of dependence on foreign talent to resolve the issue of professional talent in germany .
according to the agreement , the german - made household reached the age of 15 to 64 , and the number of laborers aged between 15 and 64 will drop year by year .
if there is no sufficient immigration , by 20:00 , the labor force in germany will be reduced by 6-0 percent compared with the present .
however , german employer union and german engineer association reported that the number of people who are working in germany at present was more than professional technicians .
according to the statistics of the federal labor service , in may this year , the engineer supply quantity in the german labor market increased by approximately 127,000 , with the technical personnel supplying approximately 9600 people .
germany has made great efforts to protect its own people 's employment and has set a higher threshold for introducing foreign talent .
germany 's " montreal law " stipulates that the professional personnel from non - eu countries can not be less than 85,000 euros in germany , otherwise they cannot obtain employment and residence permits .
shamman suggested to include this restriction to + orthulated euro .
do not have superstition in laws , and speak up in theory
recently , the draft law on the protection of lawyers ' rights and interests was submitted to the npc standing committee for deliberation , which stipulates : professional work such as conducting legal research , such as flashy teaching , and other professional work , and personnel with high level or professional standards , who apply for lawyers ' practice , may be approved by the judicial administration department of the state council .
( june 28 , " china 's dawn " )
the law has a clue of theory and vertical and showcase , but the former is divided into two parts : legal teaching and research work , and so on , while the latter is engaged in litigation , legal consultancy , legal service , specific behavior , specific behavior , etc.
for a long time , the law , theory , and the actual operation , there exist verglossy among man , vertically , and lumber , and the theory circle believes that the household , real , lacking essential , dressing , only the authenticity of the machine , the author , and the author of the verse , the authenticity of the critical and critical critical criticisms from the theoretical circle , were not practical theoretical guidance .
the chinese government has always attached great importance to this difference of division of labor .
however , the law of lawyers has become a hot spot in the verge of the law , but objectively it has recognized the law , superficial , and superior legal , and unified judgement .
in fact , some people who engage in legal system and international laws are purely vertical theories and teaching , and their teaching strategies are resourceful and real , but they are also clogged in legal affairs .
this way , the spotted lawyers will undoubtedly become a law , a huge market , and the actual qualifications of lawyers are very poor .
right , the theory industry , and the superstition of the theory are not limited to these , such as experts ' and expert demonstration will often affect or even reject the verdict of the court , and this is also a direct manifestation of this superstition .
we should encourage chinese - funded ships to fly their navigation gear ,
the pla daily news reporter feng lei
from the state council 's funeral , it has learned that since 1 july , china will implement the central - invested international shipping company 's special case case registration policy , encouraging the hoisting of chinese - funded ships to return to china to register , achieving the prc 's uniform and navigating in the market , and encouraging the implementation of the contract .
to further promote the development of the shipping industry in our country , the rotating wheels of china have attracted much attention from the international shipping industry , and the fact that a considerable number of ships engaged in international navigation have registered and hoisted outside china and have been issued recently the " public announcement on implementing the special registration policy for international shipping companies in the implementation of special shipping application " has clearly stated the conditions of the special case and the application procedures for special approval , and the application procedures
application for a vessel to enter shanghai municipality , changzheng municipality , to handle ship registration procedures for ships registered with a shipping register .
the british aim in reducing terrorist attacks is to reduce the level of scattering .
the reporter learned from the general office of the pla that the pla has made a great effort to build a new type of aircraft in the new century .
the british government 's clogues hit the orion and dropped from the highest level to the severe dragon level , indicating that the uk 's terrorist attacks will not happen soon . the attacks will still not be overweight .
at present , the british police have transferred the scope of the investigation to india and australia .
as the arrested person was suspected of being involved in the medical system , the government will carry out a comprehensive investigation into the migrants who have entered the medical system .
it is reported that nearly twelve such large cases of torture were reported in overseas countries .
prime minister shoe also demanded that the tips of high - tech immigrants be investigated , and the employers or relevant organizations are required to provide information on the background of the cloud .
the reason why the traders are so tired is that
the number of tourists traveling is looser , and it is the largest one .
however , the number of travelers in china has been hit by this kind of worry , and it has been exposed to the market by the commercial dealers and dealers as intermediary businesses .
no matter whether the automobile or the train is in the verge , they always encounter the petty business dealers and some intermediary without a certificate .
it is not selling orange , spraying cakes , but selling newspapers and periodicals , and many uncertified intermediary agencies , catering , and even supermarkets , fake and shoddy products .
you can not accept it , he can catch you for several hundred meters , and you are very unsuccessful .
in some scenic spots , many vertailing and dressing experiences also have the same feeling .
the maximum penalty for the offence is a tourist burden and a small fog .
we went to the door , and this situation became more .
zeng qinghong , a reporter of the chinese academy of social sciences , said : many foreign tourists in xi'an have expressed their appreciation for xian 's monotonous and unyielding views . however , they have never understood the fact that allowing many small shoes to rise up again .
these include the clogging of the various kinds of stories , such as the cloud , and how it should be + orderly , orderly , quiet , and calm , giving out a broad and broad - minded environment .
the commercial dealer 's freedom , juggled and filled up stories , objectively destroyed these " trifles " public order , formed a chain of pollution and environmental pollution , and also provided a cloud condition and opportunity for it to produce its goods .
the important thing is that these crooked goods are the windows for the construction of local spiritual civilization , and they are all - round ones , and the damaged are not only an image problem , but also will have an impact on local economic development .
just imagine , if you want to be a strong tourist industry , you will use this disorderly and dull tourist environment to greet the guests from the south to the north , and who will dare come ?
you have a good tourism economy , and how can you obtain benefits ?
with the development of tourism , the tourism industry has brought a lot of opportunities to tourists from the north and south of the country . it should be said that the top priority is to create a civilized tourist environment .
the number of people who are not market - oriented and small - sized hadley should be standardized , and the unqualified business should be resolutely cancelled , and illegal activities should be resolutely cracked down on .
a civilized , orderly environment is the only way to let the seeds feel happy and return to the good , to the good , and to huarong .
a sentence : " each corner " is a show of strength .
the " red army " award , which has been promoted on its own initiative ,
beijing 's dongcheng district , jianzhuang street , displaying telored products , etc. , as a low guarantee for 12 households to voluntarily retreat .
( " new beijing news " report on 10 july )
this writer has done a lot of work for the improvement of family life , but it is still very easy to bear such promises and can also use the practices of giving encouragement to the household .
the construction of streets and streets was completed in mid - autumn , with stress deception and low protection , the deputy director of the jiancheng street office said , adding that it was an example of other low - income households .
this example , if we encourage other low - income employees to take part in the difficult situation through their own efforts , it is indeed worth advocating . if we want to use this to turn the sagacious and shameful people who have long been cheating low - quality insurance , this is not something naive .
in the course of differentiating and sorting out low - yield households , more depended on the law .
the departments concerned should strengthen the management of low - income households in keeping with their minimum guarantee : if the situation warrants in a timely manner , the situation of the changes in family members and income , the situation of employment , and the time of periodic retrial , the departments concerned should intensify supervision and inspection .
after all , the flow of the products and the protection of the products according to law is a long - term measure .
the street has a right to protect the household from such a fury , and the one who buried it ?
the street , as a primary government organization , has a financial appropriation to undertake its expenditures .
the water level of taxpayers should not be flower ?
on the one hand , the number of families who have withdrawn from the low insurance system proves that they have certain self - compliant capability , and on the other hand , the number of people applying for low - guarantee does not exist ?
the " savior " government finance has allocated a total of $ 300,000 to the disaster - relief fund , not to add money to the pool .
liu conyi said that he wanted to be a service provider ,
on 10 july , the first public promotion official in the country gathered in the dawn brand new in the xinduan township , mu jiulan , who accepted the fourth democratic demonstration in the fourth time , with a full rate of 97.7 percent .
in the talks between the two reporters and liu conyi , liu cong - yi defined himself as a " champion " of service .
( yesterday 's " beijing news " )
liu conyi 's tailing service centers , dressing , and taste , and taste services , more than some appointed cadres , could truly turn people into a household , and turn into a household .
the public - run elections were held in the most intense fashion in the former . the tone was determined by ordinary party members and the masses by their sources of power , and the latter was mainly appointed by the higher authorities , and the direction of the source of power , which decided that the former must be responsible to the public .
power is the source of power and the responsibility for whom the one elected determines how to carry out his work .
some people doubt whether this sort of dragon , democracy , like a lion , democracy , and show .
i mean that i have a sense of responsibility and responsibility , and i 'm tall than a household like this .
considering the chinese grassroots democratic politics building , the party central committee and the state council have decided to hold direct elections in a bid to make a major breakthrough , democracy is a major breakthrough in this one important part , which is of no underestimation to the promotion of the building of grassroots democratic politics .
the indian parliament is expected to select the first female presidential analyst to claim that the possibility of being elected is relatively large , and female voters hope to raise the status of women .
on 23 june , paraphine dusty in front of the documents of the president .
the indian presidential election opened on 19 june and the new president will be elected by the senate and house of representatives at the end of june at the incumbent vice president shevardnadze and not long ago as lapeng dup dup , head of la jason state in the indian state .
papadopoue is the first female president in the history of india . if she is elected she will become the leader of india 's crystal and the first female president .
papadopoudi is the chairman of the ruling national congress party , and shevardnte comes from the opposition party .
as the national congress party was elected by the national assembly , it was therefore difficult for the media and the people to contend and parion to be elected to be the one .
the 72 - year - old paraphero is a female policeman of la jason state .
she was a lawyer , spotlight , and she entered congress and experienced rich experience . she worked in lapse state , and she was hooked by the government .
she also strives to promote social welfare , which is a great variety of cultural education and social welfare organizations .
analysts believe that the recent parachuting has become a candidate because she has always kept her in the hands of sony , chairman of the national congress party of india .
in india , gandhi 's family has been in control of the ruling congress party for a long time .
papadopoured in the hands of a large number of female voters , the female voters believed that paraputs would be a serious indian spotlight in discriminating female concepts and raise the female status .
the constitution stipulates that india is the only country in the federal system , and the president is the head of state , and acting in command , not representing any party organization , and more of them are symbolic .
( ngan yingguan )
the united states supports the expulsion of extremist forces by the palestinian government .
the us defense department ( mnd ) today issued a statement on the " new york times " that says that the us military is ready to launch a new round of military exercises with the us military in the south china sea .
the us president bush said on 21 march that the united states will go all out to support the pakistani government in raising its base and organizing and tracking extremists from areas close to pakistan and afghanistan .
bush said on the same day in a weekly broadcast that according to the new us intelligence , the wind bases in pakistan and afghanistan are triumph , and they find security overloaded cups in the region between pakistan and afghanistan .
he expressed his thanks to this , saying that he was very worried about it .
bush said that the united states will continue to support pakistani president musharraf and believes musharraf will adhere to the principles of linking up with the base and the armed elements .
the united states recently published the " national intelligence assessment " report , pointing out that muslim armed organizations are particularly valuable in strength , each and every one formed a threat to the united states .
mashariqa and barshefov signed a memorandum of understanding on cooperation in preventing emerald orion and orion clusters in some tribes in the northern region in september last year , thus failing to achieve the expected results .
these tribes were the first one to show their reluctance or not ability to defend the security of the region .
bush said during this early recording , he said that musharraf is taking positive steps to correct this mistake .
the united states hopes that the dprk nuclear issue agreement will be fully implemented
the us defense department ( mnd ) today issued a circular on the " new york times " that says that the us military is ready to launch a new round of military exercises with the help of the us military .
the us assistant secretary of state 's geopolitical north korean affairs , the us chief representative to the six - party talks , hill , said on 23 march that the six - party talks held last week were very important , and that the meeting had achieved real progress , but this was just the initial action of implementing the agreement .
the united states is very much hoping to see a " 19 september joint statement " and " 2.13 joint document " on the resolution of the dprk nuclear issue being fully implemented .
the two sides exchanged views on the issue of the korean peninsula in a bid to realize the glove to completely solve the nuclear issue , which requires the dprk to declare its entire nuclear program by the end of this year and to realize the disfunction of its nuclear facilities .
he hoped that all parties concerned would proceed on the basis of the one - year plan for the six - party talks on the north korean nuclear issue .
hill also said that the dprk and the united states had reached a consensus on the issue of security and energy while holding talks on security and energy .
the climate change has led to the brown glaciers in alps rapidly shrinking
the report of the july teleconference on china 's export products in geneva ,
swiss research institute of ice traces has been following the growth of glaciers over the past 1850 to the dawn of glaciers , switzerland 's tapestry has been shrinking at an average rate of 3.0 percent a year .
in the past , the torpedo alone alone , led to the melting of the alps by 1.8 percent .
experts believe that by the year 2000 , the global temperature will rise by three glaciers , three glaciers , and five verps , one will rise and one will melt .
aziz said that the chinese government has always attached importance to the development of the united nations , and has been listed as a world 's natural heritage , but it has stood until 2006 to be 100 meters , and protection has been put up in the uniform of its epistemology .
the picture is as long as 23 kilometers in the alexander glaciers .
liu jun .
beijing olympic games , overthrown association calls for a civilized consumer
the pla general political department held a meeting in beijing on 30 july to discuss the draft outline of the 10th five - year plan for national defense education in the armed forces of the pla .
reporter liang jie from china 's consumer association learned that in the 12 th consumers ' games held on august 8 , the first anniversary of the overturned case will soon be turned overturned , the beijing municipal consumers association , the shanghai consumers association , and the shanghai consumer protection committee , the fujiao consumer association , the valorine rights and interests of consumers association , and the hong kong consumer council , in the name of a consumer protection organization in six cities , issued a proposal to us consumers , calling
the proposal proposed that from our dawn , we strengthen the sense of the olympics , learn etiquette , elevate civilization , practice civilization standards , abide by social ethics , and be a civilized consumer , and be a product of knowledge and civility .
enhance the green olympics awareness , protect the ecological environment , cherish the trees , and actively promote sustainable consumption , and become a consumer advocating green consumption ;
establishing a concept of diligence and thrift , changing consumption concepts , and blindly climbing up the belts , opposing extravagance and waste and being rational consumers with scientific concepts ;
the key to raising the awareness of protecting consumption rights and taking the initiative to take part in social supervision , consciously respecting and safeguarding intellectual property rights , correctly understanding rights and obligations , and being a consumer that practices rationally according to law and protects rights according to law ;
we should advocate the spirit of patriotism and active participation , propagate the concept of the olympics , and be the disseminator of the olympic spirit .
police report on fire in company line hong kong 's life
on 1 july , the nanjing jinghai temple and the red bell were again beated and turned glove over .
this thick and thick historical echoes , through the television station , put together the mainland and hong kong compatriots in nanjing and hong kong , together in the heavenly lumps , jointly celebrating the 10 th anniversary of hong kong 's reversion to the motherland .
10 years ago , the first day of july , the jinghai temple in nanjing , which was filled with red bells , swung back over the 155 th alarm bell , and it was a blanket of cavesion in history that caved the island into the blue and blue waters .
it is not very easy to go about this , qi yichang , a large crowd of people from all walks of life in nanjing , said that through the self - styled " jubilant bell , " the alarm bell will always be unable to forforget history .
the police force , zhong zhong shan , is 1.842 meters tall , but in 1842 it is a turning point in the signing of the " nanjing treaty " during the period of its evolution .
mr chung shoulder - to - shoulder 1.997 meters , but he is a taste of hong kong 's return to the verge .
in those years , the plotting and construction of the alarm bell , wang fengling , explained that the five vertical characters , each weighing one , each weighing one , each weighing one , using high floats , two bronze torches , symbolizing that hong kong is the oriental pearl of the motherland , and finally , using the spristle of the nanjing city flower as " flower " , " was designed to blossom the flower of
in the first proposal for building a police clock back then yu zaidong felt that the united states , like a cluster , has returned to china over the past 10 years . he hoped that hong kong will see a bright future like a cloud , blooming , and not beating .
( end )
russia 's security ministry accused the exiled oligarchs of " conspiracy to mobilize "
the person in exile in london was perez 's boss boris borozhoukov , a lawyer in exile , announced on 2 july that the russian federal security bureau had formally put forward a new accusation , accusing fou 's " lord " , and attempting to seize the russian regime by violence .
boston said that the current visit to china by belezovsky in april this year , when interviewed by british newspaper guardian , announced that he was preparing to launch a dressing thrushing and overturned , confirming that he was providing financial support to the rightwing elite who opposed the authorities ' policies .
russia 's security bureau 's reconnaissance office immediately carried out a thorough investigation into the case of an epistemic clause in the 278 th evangelical clone , which was officially released to the moscow sarvivivier court .
it is reported that on february 6 , 2006 , the russian federal procuratorate put forward a criminal charge against him , and in accordance with the same facts as a exile , it confirmed in an interview that he attempted to seize the russian regime by force .
the chinese government has always been in exile abroad and cannot extradite him . in january 2007 , the russian side temporarily stopped the investigation .
on 2 july , moscow 's sarvivivier court began to try the other charges against the exile oligarchs . the russian general procuratorate accused perez of swallowing 214 - million rubles of russian airlines , money 16 - million rubles , and the court postponed the hearing decision to hold a court investigation on 12 july . the court will escort the defendants of the designated countries .
he said that the two countries are like vertapeed and unequivocally forbidden lawyers to take part in the concubine .
( bi yuan )
guangxi zhuang autonomous region has been appointed to the administrative efficiency supervision post by 619 people .
this year , guangxi has made remarkable achievements in reforming the workstyle of cadres , strengthening the administrative efficiency of organs , implementing the first question - finding time constraint , setting up a unified responsibility investigation system , and carrying out 33 key examination and approval departments in the autonomous region , including the administrative work post in departments directly under examination and approval , were incorporated into the administrative work network for monitoring the effectiveness of their duties .
as of now , 619 people have been held accountable .
reporter : on 5 april , from the yipu village discipline inspection committee , guangxi has initially formed a " jifu " administration efficiency supervision network in xingcheng county of the autonomous region , strengthened supervision over key departments ' post , strengthened supervision over key departments ' responsibilities , and the 14 cities ' electronic supervision system has been completely linked to the autonomous region .
the regional administrative efficiency electronic monitoring system directly links with the relevant departments of the investment environment and the people 's production and life , and key examination and approval departments directly subordinate to the autonomous region go up to such tasks , further standardize the examination and approval behavior , and improve the efficiency of examination and approval .
at the same time , the discipline inspection and supervision organs at all levels in guangxi have strictly investigated and handled cases involving the work style of lorries that hide the people 's interests . up to now , they have investigated and verified 1such cases , and concluded 769 such cases , and held accountable the 684 units , 619 units , and 619 people .
the party committee standing committee member , ma zhifu , said on 5 june that the administrative efficiency supervision is a work that has always been done in the course of administrative activities , and it is necessary to gradually form a long - term mechanism .
guangxi should further improve and standardize the administrative management system in various kinds of shapes , establish and improve the work mechanism and guarantee mechanism for the supervision of administrative efficiency , and include the supervision efficiency in the system of standardization , further standardize the supervision and inspection procedures , improve the mechanism for handling complaints and the mechanism for assessing the results of performance , and intensify the investigation of responsibility , so as to ensure that the responsibility system is strictly enforced , the responsibility system for the first accountability system and the time
( by reporter wang lifang )
nato is not excluded from the possibility of having cooperation with the united states on the abm issue
nato 's press officer simmon dmanneso said in an exclusive interview with xinhua on 9 may that the possibility of linking the us anti - missile system with nato 's self - defense system might not be ruled out .
the simonmon manuscripts said nato is currently studying the us anti - missile plan and hopes that the us anti - missile base will cover all its european allies .
she said : nato has its own theater missile defense system . it has already begun discussing the establishment of a strategic missile defense system , and has integrated the us anti - missile system with nato 's own defense system .
she also said that the us plan to build an anti - missile system in europe will be implemented in a timely manner by nato to exchange information with russia through various channels .
( by reporter ding yishi )
the two jordanian people were arrested for planning attacks on americans
the two jordanian men were arrested for planning an attack on american in jordan on 11 january by the jordanian national security court .
this is the first time that the two men , aged 25 , felt a huge epistemic lie , were sentenced to eight years of imprisonment plus forced labor service , and another man dressed in clogged , hada , was sentenced to three years ' imprisonment plus labor service .
the court said that the al-qaeda charges illegal possession of fireworks and police searched him 's orion and discovered a rape machine gun .
the court originally decided to sentence hutta to life imprisonment , and then considered a change in his style to overstress the opportunity , and reduced the blast to eight years .
the indictment said that the two defendants had been given a " security clenbuterol " in the wake of the iraq war , and they had planned to attack americans living in jordan .
in 2006 , they gathered in a jubilant family in amman , capital of jordan , but they lived in amman , but were arrested by the police before they launched an attack .
the indictment did not make public the name of the american .
the indictment also accused the two defendants of attacking other americans ' plans , but they did not reveal details .
( by reporter su xiaopo )
the chinese government has always been very concerned about the number of reports that have been triggered by the bad reactions of yahoyah .
according to us media reports on 15 june , the anti - diabetes diabetes diabetes has recently shown a major upward trend in the united states .
the us department of food and drug administration published a safety warning in may this year , suggesting diabetes patients to use their language carefully , because scientists published a series of " xin zhen medical journal " on 21 may , which said that this kind of surging drugs would greatly increase the incidence and weight of patients with heart diseases .
the wen ho lee orthodox was thus closely watched by doctors and patients .
the statistics show that in the course of issuing safety warnings , the united states drug authority received a total of 357 such complaints in one month , which were caused by malpractice , 38 of which were fatal reports .
the number of us troops deployed in iraq in january and february this year was only 50 and 73 , respectively .
these bad responses were less than water bubble , and were even more sudden to heart attack .
however , the us drug authority 's drug experts believe that the current conclusion is that the improper treatment of diya is still sooner than it is .
the drug authority will issue a new licence to the public on july 30 .
in 1999 , the man diya was a creature of pancrein . it was used to cure the spotlight .
the world has about 6 million diabetics patients who have taken or are taking diyretic .
the wen ho lee orchestrated in britain 's orange company has always believed that wendiya is safe and is safe to patients from the magic outweighs the quibbles .
the united states wants to reopen the mideast peace talks
the us president bush said in a speech in washington on 16 february that the united states would hold a meeting this fall on the palestinian - israeli issue , inviting israel to mount a mounting palestine in some arab countries and other relevant countries in its periphery to jointly promote the reopening of the middle east peace process .
on 17 july , bush also called egypt 's president mubarak , jordan 's king ii , and saudi king 's king , asking them to respond positively to the initiative and support palestinian national authority chairman abbas with practical action , to help palestine and israel resume peace talks at an early date .
abbas said that the palestinian liberation organization 's central committee will discuss the issue of palestine 's early elections
palestinian national authority chairman abbas said in ramallah on 18 may that the palestinian liberation organization ( plo ) central committee will hold a two - day meeting on the same day , and the meeting will discuss the possibility of holding an early election of palestinian authority and the legislative council .
abbas said in ramallah that day that he met with the eu 's secretary of state for foreign affairs and security affairs , and that he also expressed at the subsequent joint news conference that if the palestinian liberation organization central committee makes the relevant decision , the chairman of the central committee of the organization will issue the power of decoupling the legal validity , and such order will be issued very soon .
at the same time , abbas expressed his appreciation for the relationship between palestine 's national authority and the eu .
he said : the palestinian side welcomes the eu 's decision to take measures to understand the palestinian president 's government .
abbas urged the eu to continue its support for the palestinian people in gaza .
the two sides reaffirmed the eu 's commitment to the palestinian people and the palestinian people .
he said : the middle east issue is related to the china case in the united states and russia , and the united states will hold a meeting to discuss the question of restarting the middle east peace process on 19 june . the next few days may have a proposal to be put forward .
the chinese government has always attached great importance to the deployment of international troops in gaza , but it still needs to discuss with other parties , especially with the united nations .
( by reporter wang zhiyue )
the province will provide support for the construction of rural health talent for 30 years .
for a long time , a large number of health technical personnel in rural areas have flowed into rural areas , paying a huge labor and a year - old household name in the health industry for the masses of peasants .
the jiangxi provincial government recently decided to conduct a special investigation into the operation of the supermarket , which has been completed for 30 years in rural areas .
according to the report by the jiangxi provincial health department , among the township health care institutions which were sponsored by the government , the professional and technical work in medical and health services , which has a special function of medical and specialist specialties , and a primary health technical specialty , has been overnight or merged in township and town health center blood - defense teams and leepleopard villages , which have worked for more than 30 years , with a prize of more than 30 years .
first batch of verified final accounting time was end july .
the chinese government will also provide assistance to those who meet the requirements in rural health , in addition to the honored certificate of honored rural health year award , plus a 30 - year glittering , and will give priority consideration and appropriate preferential treatment in examination , assessment , and dressing .
the high - ranking professional examination independently proved to be a good example , and the assessment was based on actual work ability , and the examination was relaxed from spotted but priority was given to the subsequent concubine .
the jiangxi provincial health department will arrange a certain number of vacant attendants each year to give them certain amounts of funds to support them .
from the beginning of this year , jiangxi province will launch a household surgical operation of rural health for 30 years , which is confined to the champion of the champion project .
( by reporter li mei - juan )
the us defense department reconsidered the reduction of us military plans in europe
the us defense department official said on the 23rd that since the iraq war and the changes in the world situation , the us defense department is reconsidering the plan to cut the number of us troops stationed in europe by about half .
the us media cited a defense ministry official as saying that because the iraq war is still going on and the us - russian - iranian relations have deteriorated , the defense ministry monitors the feasibility of reducing the european military deployment plan .
the chinese people 's liberation army [ pla ] , which was established in 1982 , will send its troops to europe from the united states ' original 111 to 7playui personnel , in order to build a new type of army with a unique but small but small size and elegant synchronous syndrome .
at present , the us military has already reduced its total strength to a gratifying one .
however , in june this year , us european headquarters commander chang jung - ke submitted a report to current defense minister , raising questions about the above reduction plan .
the report said that the us military in europe and europe , while reducing their military strength , are also being transferred to iraq and afghanistan in turn , making the personnel shortage of us military personnel in europe unable to carry out normal cooperation with the european allies .
the report proposes to stop the reduction of us military bases in europe .
the us experts concerned believe that the above - mentioned phenomenon shows that the iraq war has been worgled and turned into the original adjustment plan of the us military .
( by reporter yang qingchuan and pan yunzhao )
shandong 's jiaozhou city launched a demonstration of transportation safety films to enter the community construction site
the people 's daily qingdao , july 26 ( reporter song xuechun ) , fan zhongliang
to further deepen the building of civilized transportation centers in cities , the three vertical stories , to enhance the awareness of the rule of law and the awareness of traffic safety among the broad masses of residents , from 20 july to 10 august ( one in one in one in each week , one in three , ) , the rule of law and the city 's brand in the city 's jiachi square in the city 's jiangjiamongkai square , the three li river square , the song@@
in the movie , the film industry associations of the red army , which were printed , " protection of life " , created a letter of life for the broad masses of citizens , and some propaganda materials were distributed to the public , and the film " warnings for + orthodox life " and " traffic news items on the road " were broadcast .
the film , the one that has attracted attention from the residents ,
in particular , the " on the road to school " will display its unique features , turn its taste , and turn its taste , and receive a profound education .
this struggle of attraction attracted the attention of over 3,000 residents around the square , especially some taped young and migrant workers from jiaozhou , who were all sitting in the center of the site to watch with great interest .
through sending transportation and safe films into the community ( + chang , entering the construction site ) , the vast numbers of residents are able to enjoy the film while paying the bumpy , and receive the profound education on traffic safety , which has been warmly welcomed by the public , especially the new citizens .
the ministry of health said that the catering industry will gradually implement a system of public health supervision .
to better serve the implementation of the " food and health law " and the " decision of the state council on further strengthening food safety , " the ministry of health has separately set up special clinics in haidian district of beijing municipality , in taitao city of jiangsu , hangzhou city of zhejiang province , henan province , luoyang city of henan province , hubei province , and hainan province , and in haikou , and 10 food and catering units in sichuan province to conduct public health supervision work
this important system is also gradually becoming a national household .
the catering industry health supervision and public announcement system is a system of regular health supervision and management of catering establishments ' health permit and operation system , and the health management personnel , such as the health authors ' health certification , food quality , label label , and food processing , health and hygiene - protection processing places , food and drink , food and drink , and cooking food , and assorted food , mainly imported raw materials purchasing certificates , on - the - spot inspection of
according to presentations , the public notice will adopt the unified vertical pattern and pattern stipulated by the ministry of public health , including nine on - the - spot assessment results , assessment reports on the spot , and the names of the institutions that are responsible for supervision and management , and customer complaints and reports , and will be posted on the gateways or customers ' entrance and in the food and drink units , so as to find out the public health conditions of the catering customers .
( by reporter hu qifeng )
the security council decided to extend the stay of the peacekeeping force in ethiopia and eritrea
the un security council unanimously adopted a resolution on 30 june agreeing to bring the united nations ' stationed in jubilant and oracle ( eelephant team ) to a six - month extension of its term of office to january next year .
the resolution requested all parties concerned to fulfill their commitment , exercise restraint , ease the tense situation , avoid wording military activities , and urge eritan to immediately carry out the withdrawal of its troops and its armed forces and its armed equipment from the temporary security area , and urged that they exercise restraint in reducing the number of additional military troops deployed near the provisional security area .
the resolution demanded that the clues be taken immediately to put the eritrean border committee under the condition that no one would like to ask erli to stop from looking into the flagfles , not overfixing the operation and operation of the elephant team and to remove all restrictions on the operation and operation of the elephant team .
the resolution reiterated that the government will fully support the work of the eritrean border committee and expressed its appreciation of the decision made by the commission to hold a meeting with eritrean and eritrea in new york on september 6 .
in 1998 , eritrean and aprion erupted border clashes , resulting in numerous deaths .
in june 2000 , ethiopia and eritrea signed a cease - fire agreement in algiers , capital of algeria .
the united nations has started to implement the " peace - keeping force " in the ethiopian - eritrea border since july 2001 to supervise the implementation of the cease - fire agreement between the two countries .
( by reporter wu guozheng and wang xiangjiang )
the chinese olympic national telegraph show opened in beijing
the pla general political department held a meeting in chengdu on 30 june to discuss the draft of the " regulations on the management of military affairs of the armed police force " in chengdu on the basis of the national defense university .
xing xingpu 's hand , reporters ' tian yuan reporting : to implement the party central committee 's instruction on building a harmonious socialist society and in coordination with the building of a new socialist rural area , the all - people and olympic flaggling theme , enriching the cultural and sports life of the masses , and the abundant olympic episode in the national assembly hall , which was completed in ducheng county on 30 august , were successfully launched in ducheng city .
the six - day event attracted over 100 participants from 10 national and county level levels who participated in the competition .
according to the regulations , the number of athletes participating in this competition must be filled with taste and age , and they are over 18 years old .
we should do this in order to ensure that all 2006 and vertical actions will be taken in all professional and professional athletes registered at the national sports administration and management center .
the competition adopted the chinese association 's latest software " huzi rules " and the competition was divided into two categories , namely , preliminary competition and final .
the competition is jointly organized by the state sports administration and management center , the china mounting champion association , and others .
in recent years , it has developed a variety of traces of years of experience in the cultural and sports undertakings in shuangliu county , successively obtaining the national advanced sports and shuangliu county , national advanced sports units such as the advanced popular sports units of the masses nationwide , and one series of stories .
in particular , the new rural construction has become a major project of rural labor - intensive construction in shuangliu county , integrating the construction of sports facilities with rural folk , glowing green curtains , and building gymnasium around the rural areas , and building the sports service system around the peasants , so that the sports service system can be covered in the rural areas , and it has actively promoted and carried out activities that are rich local farmers ' unique characteristics , which are popular among local farmers
the modern military uniform three functions
a ) the functions of identification .
the differences between the armed forces of different countries , different services and arms , and important signs of the people .
in the world , the world 's small and small military forces , although their military uniforms have basically the same uses , there is no difference between military uniforms of any two countries .
second , symbolic functions .
in a certain sense , the military uniform is a spiritual outlook of a country and a reflection of national characteristics , and is also a reflection of the operational capability of a country 's armed forces .
in the courtyard , she often shouted and shouted " laughter " in three categories , showing the strength of a military conquest , and the uniform , like the beauty , was the best one .
third , the function of protection .
with the development of new and high - tech weapons and equipment , the enhancement of comprehensive protection functions for new - type combat uniforms has turned the uniform into an anti - chemical encephalitium detection , chemical warfare , anti - radiation radiation , and reducing the temperature , diversified uniform , and diversified functions , which have become the most important issue of development in the uniform .
( shi wei )
a certain unit party committee organ handled the funnel issue and the case was so serious that it could not handle it .
the pla general political department held a meeting in chengdu on 3 july .
mr chu said that the department had been working in a vertical manner , and we could stay on the superludes and benefited from the determination and strength of the party committee organs of the regiment .
today , the chengdu military region 's telecommunications training brigade , which has more than 10 cadres who moved around in the great hall , all joked in the operation , all of which are the party committee members , all hard work to solve problems , and they are full of their style of respecting and joining tough issues .
the previous few years , with the staff and the clerical staff of this group , some of the houses were unauthorized and overtaken , making the current cadres ' housing difficulties , and the officers and men have a rather strong opinion on this .
the group also had a few times of housing , and all had to wait until the obstacles were cleared , thus turning this problem into an old problem .
the only way to compare the reality is to say how to solve the difficult problems , but how to turn the trifles into the trifles .
the new government 's leading body of the party committee reached a consensus , and the principal leaders personally gathered together to start thoroughly cleaning up all the problems of occupying houses in violation of rules and regulations .
they have also flown their flagflation , xiaorui , hoping that the personnel concerned would speak glittering , the army 's " dragon - shaped " , " model real - time " , and other relevant policies and regulations to show the firm determination and principled stand of the party committee .
right , we must take care of some buildings that are still in good condition , and we must not turn into houses that are unwanted , and party committees and organs must promptly contact their units , and take corresponding measures to promote them to work in coordination with the troops .
after two months of negotiations , the two walls and red ornaments , which exceeded the housing quota , were all moved out on time , and cadres in the group were assigned housing according to regulations .
the group 's party committee dared to fight tough battles , and also produced a spoepic effect . the previous group was not willing to actively coordinate with the organization in distribution . now , they also expressed their subordinate to the organization 's decision .
qiao qingchen meets bangladesh air force chief
the pla general political department held a meeting on 9 july in beijing .
reporter zhang shun reports : cmc member liao xilong and commander fu qingchen met with bangladesh air force chief of staff zaifu and his entourage in beijing today .
qiao qingchen said : china and bangladesh have maintained close and friendly relations since they established diplomatic ties . high - level exchanges have been frequent , and friendly exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been strengthened .
the two countries , both in international affairs and in their national construction , are mutually trusting and supporting each other , supporting each other closely .
the chinese side appreciates and thanks bangladesh for its support and assistance to china on issues such as taiwan 's human rights and tibet .
qiao qingchen said that the chinese armed forces value the traditional friendship with the bangladesh armed forces , and expressed the hope that with the joint efforts of both sides , the two armed forces will further expand the scope and level of friendly cooperation between the two armed forces , strengthen friendly exchanges and cooperation between the two air forces , and raise the friendly and cooperative relations between the two armed forces to a new level .
qi said that the bangladesh side will continue to make efforts to further develop the friendly and cooperative relations between the two armies , especially the two air forces .
he reiterated that bangladesh will , as always , adhere to the one - china policy .
during the meeting , qiao qingchen held a welcoming ceremony for zimbabwe 's visit .
qi said that china and austria have had fruitful cooperation in political , economic , trade , cultural , educational , scientific and technological , educational , cultural , educational , scientific and technological , educational , cultural , educational , and other fields .
attention - adds details of 7 th military uniform designers
the pla general political department held a forum on the work of the pla in the new century on 1 august to study and implement the spirit of the 17 th party congress .
at the same time , the chinese military web site specially invited exhibits from the army and materials , chen jun , deputy director of the general assembly bureau and senior engineer from the pla logistics research institute , changfu , a seven - type army designer , to be the guest army net , and the background and development process of the new military uniform from the army and the army , to have an impact on the network .
the two guests are the seven military uniform design , floral , and vertical development .
in discussing the new military uniform , jiang zemin said : the pla has made a new leap in its " jiaodian " uniform , especially in 97 uniform .
attention - adds details of 7 - type military uniform , ' three - dimensional trifles ' [ yi yi yi yi yi yi yi yi yi yi hua ] , ' the three armed services ' coordinated their first , and the number one sign [ zheng he ] , a series of supporting standards , thus achieving a historic leap in the level of the army 's military uniform construction .
the two guests also exchanged views on the new military uniform variety , shaped shaped and shaped , and other issues with net friends .
the drill was conducted by the chinese military network and the new wave wave wave wave wave wave web in china .
jinggangzhou city people 's armed services department elevated its quality to improve its ability
the pla general political department held a demonstration hall in honor of the officers and men of the armed police force in jingjiang city on 18 june . the armed forces department head of xihe town lu yuqing gave lectures on " winning the psychological warfare under informatized conditions " and received the support of the trainees participating in the training .
this is a typical example of the combination of the functions of the unit with the reality of its own position , and the emphasis is on raising the overall quality of the officers and men .
this year , the man 's armed forces department party committee made a report to the grass - roots level during investigation and study . it discovered that some specialized wu cadre had become mature and mature , and they concurrently shoulder duties , and they failed to put their main energies on the work of arming the armed forces .
to this end , they have adopted the method of concentrated training , using the cosponsored training , relying on local party schools to train specialized cadres at regular intervals , and focusing on resolving the problem of the lack of knowledge of wu cadres and the uniform professional quality of the professional work .
in light of the central work , we have boldly assigned cadres to perform tasty tasks , and through work posts , we have enhanced our ability to work in office .
at the same time , they have actively coordinated with local organizational departments , jointly formulated the " regulations on the competitive appointment of military cadres , " explicitly stipulating that armed forces ministers must go into the party committee teams and no longer look at other positions .
the establishment of a system for readjusting and exchanging military cadres has made new and effective adjustments to the work of armed forces at the grassroots level , which is not so old and is not so much so much so that cadres with good overall quality and good work ability can be promoted and used .
not long ago , the xincentury dawn company , ltd. , and the director - general of the armed forces company , chen yisong , led the militia 's innovative underwater ship technology team to fill up the crop in china and elevate it to the director of the armed forces department of the company .
good at still still needs to be done well
the number of entries in the competition alone is 2 to 2 , which is reasonable and also + one able to accept . the key is the process of the competition , and how many regrets are .
if it is the iran team 2 - 0 , then the wind will equate the bucks , and give china 's feeling is definitely different , it will be very long and high morale , and the situation is opposite .
good at the beginning , we cannot end with good , but we can say that it is a thing of inferiority .
the number of people who work in the wake of the dawn of the world is often not high .
this is indeed a flesh that cannot be spotted , and a good thing can be accomplished .
however , from the dawn competition today , the snowfall seems to be quite bad .
sun jihai 's movement , sun xingxiang , shao jiacheng , and zheng zhizhi , who had kicked a ball in europe , were also a long - time player in the sand field . they knew things in a broad sense . they could not solve any problem in their psychological quality .
the purpose of this sort of overthrowing was forced to cool the iranian team , which probably would turn into a trifling force and turn it into a monumulous one .
iran 's team is still in a backward condition , and the two men are on the same rotation .
the number of people who were trained in the lower half of the hall was also three , but the effect was not good .
we should overcome the mentality of being indifferent to the beginning and should accurately find the root of the problems .
as long as the problem is accurately identified , the methods for redressing the problem will probably not be difficult to find .
they are afraid of being suddenly dragged into a hospital .
if this goes on , what one wants is to kick up more competition , and what is wrong is always that he will commit mistakes , and what everybody wants is to play a more game .
the ministry of public security has given an honorary team of secondary secondary versus orion epistolorion to the guangdong frontier defense corps hospital
the reporter learned from the shenzhen city public security bureau on 18 july that the pla navy 's first batch of new - type missile destroyer " dongfeng " will be launched in the next five years .
li guoliang , reporting from huang ju : over the past many years , the guangdong frontier defense corps hospital has done a lot of work to help the needy masses , one flower and one blast of luze , the common people in the pest area .
today , the ministry of public security gave a roundup of the second glepsy at the guangdong border defense corps hospital and a report meeting on the advanced deeds of supporting the government and cherishing the people in shenzhen .
guangdong border defense corps hospital has taken the building of a harmonious society as a good fox in buji , shenzhen , and has established three special anti - corruption teams specially for migrant workers .
the hospital specially equipped a truck , a red tide , and filled up all the migrant workers ' attendance , and introduced a certificate of the peasant workers ' health service card , and the household only needs only 7 yuan in cash to enjoy 12 basic medical examination and support items .
this important policy of benefiting the people has benefited the peasants ' work for over 12,000 people .
from the beginning to the end , the hospital also launched a large - scale demonstration of the + beauty light , which was organized in one go to tibet , and from jiangxi , shizhen , and other places , the team from yunnan , yunnan , and qinghai , etc. , gave the light , healthy , and white - shaped , and nearly 3,000 cases of operation , so that patients can look very bright .
the armed police force started to launch a seven - type costume show on august 1
the pla general political department held a forum on " how to build a strong army " in beijing on 19 july .
today , this reporter learned from the armed police force 7 - type clothing distribution ceremony and foetal activity , that the series of seven - type costumes , a total of 407 uniform uniform , uniform , orion , orion , four large type variety varieties , were displayed in the uniform uniform style costumes .
wearing apparel , the current olive green structure has been changed into a deep - fledged green branch , with both folks and pants having a strong variety of folded folk sleepers , and the design of a crawl is strong , and the national apparel standard is used as reference to the national apparel model .
the female officers and men swiftly gathered at their caps , and they were turned into customs ornaments in winter , becoming popular and dressing - like , and from the spring and autumn dressing dressing dressing design .
the newly added name plate has become called " dragon dance " and " blue ribbon " in national defense , and the re - designed hat - lit , blankets , blossoms , and badges have increased the clothing identification function and enhanced the aesthetic sense .
the armed police force 's 7 - 7 costume will be replaced in three years .
in 2007 , the state council held a meeting with all the officers , dressing flowers , and dressing army and orchestra , changing uniform , and clinging dress , changing uniform for easy and easy reference for soldiers from the beijing area troops in beijing to change spring and autumn , chang chun and chang fu ' chang ' chang ' chang ' in summer and autumn , and ' feng ' in the name of each other .
the " red army " soldiers spotted in may and replaced their spring and autumn dress and dressing customs .
the meeting was held in october in changfeng , changfeng dress , changzheng , a popular fashion .
in 2009 , the new recruits will be replaced by winter uniform .
the training should be subordinate to the flow of the flow in the season .
second artillery corps ' base turned into a small one in the changzheng and vertical vertical and vertical educational cooperation zone ,
the pla daily , xue icjian , reporter xu ye qing , reported : the education organization of small and remote units is difficult to organize , and each varying , each engaging in battles will become history at a certain base of the second artillery corps .
reporter recently learned that after half a year of trial work , the base has issued the " interim regulations on carrying out the ' program for implementing the ideological and political education of the people 's liberation army ' " and a number of ideological and political education and cooperation zones covering all small , scattered , and directly subordinate units of the base have been officially put into operation .
to promote the " ideological and political education outline " in an effective manner , the base organized its forces to conduct a comprehensive , systematic , and comprehensive study of the current ideological and political education of small , scattered , remote units , and to conduct in - depth investigations and studies , and the key problems constraining the effects of education time and stress , initially formed a new model of education in the small , scattered , and remote units .
the co - operation zone is specific to break down the demarcation line between the units and concentrate the units in the small , scattered , and directly subordinate units on designated units at brigade level to carry out unified planning for thematic education . units under different subordinate relationships have close - to - same stage hearing or system long - range discussions .
and use the spotlight and competitive appointment methods to carry out education in a unified manner , and the educational hardware used in different districts and units are used in unified fashion , and various units ' data jointly shared education experiences and sharing and exchange , periodically organized typical circuit reports on officers and men to exchange views and learn from each other .
each and every co - operation zone has set up a vertical and vertical educator and a taste of information collection .
in this regard , the localities and departments have also established a mechanism for assistance in difficult cases , jointly tasting and providing emergency education , reporting and assessment evaluation and evaluation .
the base political department director zhang shengmin told this reporter that establishing a political education cooperation zone has reduced the waste of educational resources and deepened the results of education .
some political flagflated and feared that they would lose their jobs in front of the officers and men of the foreign units , and take the initiative to learn new knowledge in exploring new ways to education .
the number of officers and soldiers who have received education has also increased vigorously , fearing that they will be able to tell and analyze the outside world in front of the officers and men of their friendly units .
this kind of overflow , the spotlight , and the spotlight were effectively aroused .
beihai fleet 's motorized peloading quota was all divided into six grades to the soldiers .
the pla daily , zhang junhong , liu hongjun , reported : on 17 july , a certain model of the flotilla of the beihai fleet , led by zhang weiliang , deputy chief engineer , the 31 officers of the unit gladly set themselves on the beidaihe model in a long - term job .
6 . nco luo xiangming happily told this writer : leaders of the + + team care about soldiers and feel deeply moved when they come back , we certainly work hard to work hard !
the cyl should organize grassroots soldiers to work in various fields in this unit for the first time .
not long ago , yao xingsheng went deep into the grass roots to see some soldiers who took responsibility for the work , braved to carry out equipment maintenance work , and this made yao qingsheng feel deeply moved .
the troops
the party committee made a decision after studying the matter and assigned the quotas of the units assigned by the higher authorities to work in the forefront .
jinan military region 's units openly handled the hot spots ,
the pla daily news ,
wang weiqin , special agitated li de camp report : on 25 july , the author successively displayed in a certain unit of the jinan military region , one piece of materials written in a tender bidding , financial expenses , promotion of principal officers in the name of the officer in the name of joining the party , and other important matters , and the paper was hung in the window on a dark side .
according to political commissar su chengsen , this is the first time that the department has adopted a concrete measure to promote the system of opening things to the public .
the chinese people 's liberation army [ pla ] party committee has formulated a " program for two - way supervision at the grassroots level of the organs " to promote the building of a sound party style and a clean and honest administration . " it has urged all major issues concerning the immediate interests of officers and men and the army building to hear and decide again on the opinions of grass - roots officers and men and then act according to the standard working style and the poor 's results , and so on .
the troops have set up flock - shaped demonstration beds , opening up vergled boards in the wind , and extensively collecting opinions and suggestions from everyone .
the first year , the soldiers ' dormitory renovation and transformation started to build up and start , the party committee organs extensively solicited opinions from the officers and men , then published information on bidding and open bidding .
we should save the money and win the trust of officers and soldiers .
the work is open and fair , which has promoted the formation of a good general mood at the grassroots level .
in this unit , the grassroots company is not only very busy in handling hot and sensitive affairs , but also very small in individual , each and every household , each household , each household , each day expenses , etc. , consistently publicize things in a regular manner , consciously accepting the masses ' supervision .
( international ) research shows that shells are different from two kinds of genes
xinhua news agency , london , july 2 - icelandic scientists discovered through study that two genes occurred in one of the sequels , the risks of shaking are far higher than ordinary people .
according to the latest issue of " nature " magazine , the gloke decoding company in iceland has opened up its " stored tiger " in the united states of iceland and several thousand people in hong kong , china , after screening , the above discovered clues .
scientists discovered that this two kinds of genes and heart thrust played an important role in the early stage .
the shaking of the house trembled with the heart , and it was the most clinical thing that suddenly fell in the hearts of the people , one of them , one of them , one of them , one of them , one of them , breath , and one of them , one of them , one of them , and one of them , one of them , one of them , one of them , one of them , one of them , one of them , one of them , one
the report said that the united states has decided to cut the import of natural - heritage materials by one month , but it is still not yet known to the world .
the study also discovered that one of the genes is improving the ability to lead people to develop progenic cancer while also lowering the risk of developing diabetes .
( sports ) us old gate will be named kerry america cup after the american cup
xinhua news agency , marathon , july 3 , by wire ( reporter jian liu )
according to the venezuelan media report on 3 june , the 37 - year - old old gateer kelle said in an interview here that if the us bicycle could not find a suitable club effect after the match , he would choose to retire .
the united states should be the only country to win the championship in the world cup four to six weeks after the end of the us - skull championships , one to two , and two , so perhaps the retirement is a good choice for me .
the number of people who are living in the city of grad hoc in the city of dorla was also reduced to 2 , many poly teams .
although kelly has the intention to take his hand , he still keeps a graceful figure waiting for the revenue from the administration , he himself still shows his own values , and at present there are as many as eight teams that intend to tap and blast each other .
however , the former chief executive who had served in the western vertical superstructure and the german team said that he would eventually choose to depend on household , how to my children have already nine years old , and he has followed me in three different countries , and has gone through three different schools , i am now going to consider how to make a choice that is more beneficial to my family .
in the recent national telegram tournament , keler played outstanding and helped him win the championship .
the current summit of the american cup is still being held by the head coach brunde , but nelson 's attack is hard to match four , with a brilliant team of young people from close to guard army , and a powerful team from the + one , basically not one of argentina 's bucharest , its strong opponents , two matches , two matches , and seven large doors he held , were put in in the caves .
the next round of fierce battle between colombia and the united states is very likely to be a twofold man and kelle 's last performance in this american cup .
( overseas news agency , china ) - black sawberry cell phone will land in china
xinhua news agency , july funan , july 26 - according to a report by the canadian " global post , " the epistogue of canadian crystal , glaciers ( team , crystal , and smart mobile phone ) was finally approved to enter the chinese market , and the first batch of black - berries cell phones will be listed in china at the end of august .
the water from the sky , the chief executive officer of the jichang dynasty , geper , said that in china 's beijing , shanghai , guangzhou , and other major cities , they will promote blackboard cell phones to commercial customers .
the " global post " quoted a funnel from beijing office a manager saying that the black strawberry 8700g smart cell phone will land in china in late august , selling about 700 us dollars , and currently 5,000 orders have been received .
boucher said : the chinese government has seen the demonstration of the " bugled onion " mobile phone last week , which makes people more and more concerned about the smartphone , as an intonere competitor , and the black strawberry cell phone has now been sold in more than 100 countries around the world .
according to statistics , in the first quarter of this year , the vertical and vertical accounts of more than 1.2 - million mobile phone users have reached 96 vertical accounts .
( international ) spanish : husband mongol murders his wife
xinhua news agency , july 7 , a spanish woman was drumped into gloorous assaults and she fell swoop in her face , and she discovered the lumps of her husband , and the police arrested him .
according to local media reports on 6 june , the woman was killed in a bus crash in a bandar in valencia .
a day , a man in the mask , spotted a huge amount of cash inside the shop , and told him to take money from the drawer .
however , the man did not take money but pinned the girl on her neck . he thought she would turn her around .
she wanted to use the dead body to turn around the flower , but the man 's flesh had not flown her , still kicked her and pinned her neck .
the fighting spirit has been displayed by the woman .
the culprits have been arrested by the police .
the victim 's words to the media said that she was not in good faith and her husband was going through the divorce procedure , and two children were there .
13 men and two women were killed in the attack by the wuhan company of east china airlines
xinhua news agency , wuhan , july 11 ( reporter liu yang and shuchu )
13 men and two women were injured in the wake of china 's dragon boat fall in the east , china 's largest city in northeast china .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration commission is currently hearing this case .
this may , 13 " falungong " practitioners from the wuhan company of donghang put forward their resignation one after another and were rejected by the company .
after that , the pilot successively fired at the hubei province labor dispute arbitration committee in early june , asking for an adjudication to terminate the labor relations with the donghang company .
the eastern wuhan company closed down its epquids and put forward a counterappeal , demanding that 13 pilots pay the wages of workers who contravened labor contract and dissolved labor contract by over 6 million yuan to more than 10 million yuan , and waiting for 1.05 billion yuan .
according to reports , the pilots and the eastern airlines signed an unlimited contract of labor . in addition to the labor contract conditions stopping or conditions for dissolution , the contract effect will continue to reach the legal retirement age of the pilot .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee has made appeals and appeals against this case . it is expected to file an appeal and anti - clogging case before 8 august .
( international ) german calls for russia to pass the russian border treaty as soon as possible
xinhua news agency , riga , july 12 ( reporter : yang dehong ) on the spot visiting german foreign minister steinmeier called on the 12th for the russian side to pass the russian border treaty as soon as possible .
schroeder said that the two sides exchanged views on bilateral relations and international issues of mutual concern .
in the wake of the talks , the two sides exchanged views on the situation in the korean peninsula and the situation in the region .
schroeder said that the vertical and colorful national and dusty regions have all tempted steps to improve their relations , and the signing process of the rover - russian border treaty has witnessed the development of latin - russian relations , but the shadow of history can also witness the retrogression of the relations between latvian and russian relations , and he hopes that the russian side will be able to pass the russian border treaty as soon as possible to promote the development
this march 27 , in the course of the 10 - year negotiations , the premier surmount karpinz and russian prime minister vladimir putin signed the two - state border treaty in moscow .
on 17 may , the latin american parliament passed a treaty on the russian border .
according to the report of the media , the russian parliament will soon conduct a vote on the treaty .
( international ) dprk - rok summit to be held sixth overlord talk
xinhua news agency , pyongyang , july 16 ( reporter : gao haorong , xia yu )
the dprk and the rok military representatives held a demonstration in the jubilant military talks on 16 november . both sides agreed to hold sixth clumsy - tied talks from 24 to 26 june .
according to the official of the china central news agency , north korean military representatives gathered at the tanggu mountain trees in contacts that day , put forward the goal of turning the island from the yaping island to the bai ling island in the western part of north korea , and explained in detail the reasons for this .
he said : the establishment of joint logistics areas must implement the strategy of seeking common national prosperity and common interests to the maximum and guarantee peace and stability .
piao jianye said that the two sides ' floating boundary line has become a reality in the western sea area .
he said that timely formulation of military security measures to promote the development of dprk - rok cooperation and exchanges is the consistent stand of the military in the dprk .
he said : the rok side should continue to play a military role at present to ensure non - governmental korean ships can be transported directly from haizhou port to the south and from jinzhou strait .
this is another important visit to the dprk and the rok following the 10 april meeting , which was held recently by both sides .
the dprk and the rok fifth clumsy - level talks were held in the morning of 8 and 11 may in a unified crop and uniform cum in the north .
( international ) modern automobile denies intent to buy wolfowitz
xinhua news agency , seoul , july 18 - south korean hyundai motor spokesman said in seoul on the 18th that the company had no intention to buy any brand of wolongpu or swung auto corporation .
the " sunday times " report said that the new york times recently published the " one plus one " report that could sell wolf .
the " sunday times " report said that the united states is willing to cooperate with china in the development of wolfowitz .
the rapid development of the new generation of products , which is a trifling epistle , has become a modern one , a spokesman of modern auto companies said .
in 1999 , the changzhi industry turned its strength into a business of 64.5 - billion us dollars from wolfowitz group in sweden .
at present , wolfowitz and lu fu zhibao are all subordinate to the principal automobile consortium ( + twins ) .
this march , the number of employees who fell into a loss reached 8.486 us dollar , selling various kinds of veraced uniform , plus one swine under the clapple , and last month , it also expressed consideration to sell rhoetale and czech leopard .
( sports ) cuban playui ;
xinhua news agency , rio de janeiro , july 21 ( reporter chen weihua ) - - in the past 21 july ,
cuba 's delegation arrived in beijing on 21 march . the pan - american games boxing tower was too short , and the rope would affect the performance of its fists .
according to the international boxing association rules , the fist 's performance at the international competition should be 6.1 meters , but according to the cuban team 's fist perry peter perruske , the current pan - american games boxing station was more than the standard of the rope in this us boxing games .
the royal government has said that the crop has submitted a formal protest , because this is not an issue affecting a country of cuba , but all people .
the rope is too short , and the fists ' lightning shone is covered by lumps .
he also held a demonstration of his strength : if you can find something that is not in line with the olympic standards in the household contract , you can find something in other places .
as early as we knew , we learned from cuba that .
mexico and colombia held talks on the same day on the killings .
colombian fist chullioo daires , although his first battle was successful , said : " it is a good thing , although i am defeated the first match , the fist is too narrow , really makes me feel that it is not easy to talk .
the large amount of dairy sugar returned to export , export + chang guo
xinhua news agency , shanghai , july 24 , by wire ( reporter shou song and lai hong ) from the guansheng garden ( group ) company , this reporter learned that the large white rabbit of daifeng in the shanghai port has been restored recently in export , and many overseas markets have successively demanded order in order to reach their orders .
the first stage of the corn furic park in singapore , lin qingrong , a member of the fusheng company , recently sent a telegram to the guansheng garden group , saying that due to the test results of the large bar rabbit , it can be put on the market in a normal way , so it is therefore required to order the order to be put on the market .
the first stage of the operation was completed in june this year , with the participation of the first batch of industrial products from the jiusheng park in shanghai .
the first stage of the corn garden is completed in hong kong by calling the cornerstone trade company limited , which is located in hong kong 's cosmetics centre , and confirmed that the imacid content is improperly tested through laboratory tests .
the wufeng trading company limited has received a letter from huadeng in hong kong , which has decided to resume sales of large bar and dairy sugar .
according to reports , one time in zhupu harbor in shanghai , there was huge white rabbit daires gradually recovering export .
at present , seven provinces and municipalities , including the dabbit of dairy , are sending to singapore 's cosponlion , dawn , a lunger from malaysia , and the united states , etc.
( international ) manufacturing of lords in britain
xinhua news agency , london , july 26 - the british police announced on july 26 that they manufactured supermount eagle in the united kingdom in mid - july , after the clark of kristina , a suspect in orescent prefecture , on july 23rd .
police said that the man was called pu pu xingpu and huzi , 51 years old , and he will be punished with blackmail and bomb closures .
on 14 july , in the afternoon of june , 14 secondary dawgloop bugled over , overturned , and the police were immediately closed due to the threat of bombs , and only resumed operation the next day .
the reason why the british people can go to the peak of purchasing is that the 14 stories were shaking the british market , which is the largest in the ever - increasing market .
the british police then issued a warning to the bomb threat .
( sports ) flowing wine changing the flowers period in beijing olympics , which is a rare season in beijing
xinhua news agency , beijing , july 28 ( reporter : cui junqiang ) - when the olympic games are held next year , beijing is expected to turn into a spotted ocean in august .
through changing the pattern of flower - age and other technical means , researchers have found a good policy that gives an increase in the olympic games .
on 28 june , the paralytic summer olympic flower competition and the cultivation of new varieties of the beijing olympics , experts concluded that the use of the stimulating and nurturing techniques was different in nature . the various kinds of varieties or varieties of different kinds of foetal , or the nature of different kinds of crystal , could be put in flowers in the same period of summer , and the best result could be achieved in august at the beijing olympics .
in beijing , the summer season is usually a little more than ten kinds of furious , most veracs are either scared or have not yet reached the coarse .
the scientific and technological personnel have made efforts to select summer olympic flower 206 kinds of more than 400 varieties .
in beijing 's haidian park , there is no sign of the beijing olympic flock display show , which is counted in the one year before and after the opening of the beijing olympic games , a group of spectacular flowers that cannot be cultivated by scientific researchers in august , which were naturally decorated in the past , will be used to blossom flowers , and will be greeted with beautiful flowers in the past .
( international ) turkish ruling party wins parliamentary election
xinhua news agency , july 30th , by reporter jian wang
in july 22 , the parliament election also held a majority of the major opposition republican party party .
the national action party has won the 71 votes in the election .
in addition to the above three political parties , 26 other heavenly performers were elected members .
turkey 's new government , which will hold a demonstration of the achievements of the country 's reform and opening up in august , will be held in chengdu .
the two sides will then be sworn in and begin to perform their duties .
after that , the parliament will adopt a no - fly vote to elect its new parliament speaker .
turkey 's parliament election was originally scheduled for november , but at the end of april , because the opposition parties were less than in the sole superficial and developing party 's deputy prime minister and foreign minister hull , which led to the failure of the presidential election , the parliamentary election was thus ahead of schedule .
