white house urges speedy deployment of nuclear inspectors to close nuclear reactor
the white house today called for sending nuclear inspectors to oversee north korea 's closing of its nuclear reactor , and the white house was the first meeting of the nuclear test ever held by us president george w. bush and south korean president rowhali .
white house national security council spokesman jackson said that the two leaders discussed today the issue of the us - south korea cooperation on nuclear issues in north korea and hoped the iaea inspectors would return to north korea soon to monitor the nuclear reactions and the closure of nuclear reactors .
cheuk pointed out that the two presidents also expressed their concern over the us - south korean free trade agreement signed yesterday , and would make efforts to ensure that the two countries ' parliaments approve the agreement .
experts believe that pyongyang has made plutonium over the past 20 years , sufficient to produce 12 nuclear weapons .
hill , us special envoy to the six - party talks , said last week that he expects the yongbyon nuclear reactor to be closed in mid - july .
the rainstorm in western india killed 43 people
rainstorms hit western india over the weekend , and flooding in some areas , the great western city of china has been suspended .
the rescue officials said today that it created 43 people .
from june to september each year , the rainstorm brought along often leads india , a country with a population of 1.1 billion , to a flood of flooding , and even causes casualties .
the rainstorm killed half of the victims in the battle was torn away , while others were caused by housing , or by the + hurry .
the financial center of india is also awful .
in the twenty - three days of hurricane , the harvard is 43 meters .
chief executive of the city of bazarak said that single - handedly has 13 deaths .
officials of the municipal government urged residents to pull out of their homes to protect their own security before a rainstorm slows .
the rain yesterday was slightly over most parts of the region , which is still flooded .
nearly 500 floods in india killed
according to reports by officials and media , because of the rainstorm in india , the death toll has risen to 4/00 .
the indian news trust quoted the government 's head of reconstruction , kadan , today , as revealed by india 's various provinces , which have recently entered various parts of the country , successively , with casualties and economic losses in various places . only the 1 st largest city in india , lashtra province , is known to have killed 300 people .
the report said that qadan was a jewish state during a tour of the company .
he said : at the same time , lashtra , india 's largest cotton producing province , is full of boundless oceans , including 27 urban moneys , which have serious flooding , and over 10,000 disaster victims have been safely affected by the floods .
the entire indian territory is heading north from the south , and it started to enter the north a week ago . the residents of all provinces all came to hukou city with a long - time dry and happy mood to greet the rain . however , they did not expect the rain to be a disaster of one day , a highway was changed , and the low - grade water houses were paralyzed . according to statistics , nearly 500 people have died from the havoc caused by the ha@@
the jobless rate of wimbledon 's cyberspace cyberspace , jonathan , is now in the final .
the spanish king of red earth , naiju , today said to a battle of the quartermaster of wenbu , about the battle of = serbian kogovic , who was injured , returned to battle again because of injury , and nagging will join the world soccer team final of switzerland 's world cup ferrero de france .
after a match between the 16 th and the 8 th , jogovic was called to guard against the backpack during the race . he was on the third set today because of the toes and water blisters . he also called on the security guards to receive medical treatment . later he consciously could not hold back the injury and fight again , and decided to abandon the race .
the fourth seed , jovic , retreated , originally , sanbi six , was the second seed nawl , a leading one .
besides the first match , nager was not a player because of the slow heat , in addition to the first two games , the two wars in weixing were in the lead .
satellite shows iran 's tunnel is feared to be used to protect nuclear facilities
the us think tank , the institute of international security , reported today that commercial satellites show that iran is in the vicinity of a tunnel near the uranium enrichment facility , and may be to protect its nuclear equipment when it comes to an air strike .
these brains are made of the us genes ( known as the twelve us ) company on june 11 , and announced the launch of the satellite on the science and international security research institute website .
the research institute is located in washington , and is a non - profit - making research group .
bread , a small town in the south of the natanz facility , is carrying out road construction along the mountain , and the facility is located in a uranium enrichment factory .
analysts , blatter and burns , pointed out in a report that the imports of the tunnels are not clear , but the road seems to be linked to a tunnel facility , and the other road may also lead to the + bow of the tunnel .
they said : a such a jewelry tunnel facility will be destroyed in an air raid . it will give full play to its excellent protection role .
un envoy calls for nuclear talks iran 's hardline stance
the united nations international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) today held talks with iranian officials in zhuhai to try to resolve the stalemate that had been formed in iran 's nuclear program .
however , iranian president ahmadinejad is facing increasing pressure from the united nations for further sanctions , and is still stubbornly resisting it .
the united states is willing to continue its uranium enrichment activities , including iran 's nuclear program , to help iran to resolve the nuclear issue .
he said : the appearance of our phony can slow down or speed up , but this is an issue of implementation , but no one should expect us to give up our rights and we will not stop this tendency .
he arrived in haifa after he made the statement .
the purpose of haunning 's visit is to formulate a plan to solve the problem of the hurricane problem triggered by iran 's nuclear program .
un freezes uranium enrichment operations for a spate of two sets of sanctions on iran .
iran news agency reports that hainuen and iran 's supreme national security council assistant director vadi are in charge of international affairs .
the iranian delegation also includes vice president of the iaea , sedi , and ambassador to the iaea , santana .
israel 's action against israel will be a new government
the palestinian authorities , bread , a jewish state , came into force today , the time of the harvests of sri lanka 's jewish elements , but were immediately ordered to take over the new government .
minister of agriculture and social affairs khabasi told afp that prime minister jaap de has lodged a resignation to president abbas and asked him to accept his cabinet 's new government which is responsible for handling daily government affairs .
abbas ' satchel told afp that the resignation of fabel was ordered by abbas to execute his current position until his new government .
the respected economist , fattard , put forward his resignation , but only a procedural resignation will not shake his position as the prime minister .
since the first visit to israel last month , france and yemen have been leading palestinian emergency operations to implement the + orders of abbas after his cabinet 's violence .
according to the basic law of the palestinian autonomous government , without the consent of the palestinian national assembly , the autonomous assembly is now paralyzed .
the authority of the emergency government expired today .
wto delegates to propose new phase of talks to break the impasse of the doha round
the world trade organization ( wto ) 's major negotiators today proposed a big reduction of us subsidies to agriculture , with developing countries substantially lowering the tariffs on imports of industrial products , in order to break the impasse in the doha round of trade talks .
the official said that the new version of the draft demands that the annual subsidies given to agriculture in the united states be reduced from one us $ 1000000 to one us dollars , and the developing countries will reduce their tariffs on imports to below .
the proposal aims to break the deadlock in the doha round of talks over the past six years and to bring about a compromise agreement among wto member countries .
the wto secretary general named these proposals are the balancing of the goal and development as the guide , and they are the foundation of equitable and reasonable foundation of the guiding agreement .
lamy said : the un member states are not completely satisfied with the contents of the proposal , but the problem of the discriminatory problems that have now caused is less than the problem of reaching consensus .
he called for intensive negotiations in the coming weeks .
the strong earthquake affected the production of jawaji automobile plant or its fuwei automobile company .
japan was hit by a strong earthquake that caused zero automobile shortage and a shortage of automobile products , which were produced by seismic cars and other manufacturers , said today that they will even suspend domestic car production .
japan 's farm is hit by a 6.8 magnitude , the automobile manufacturers ' zero - sum technology was forced to suspend operations in the tokyo prefecture 's xianglocal plant and affect the production of the garage plant .
the world 's most popular automobile company , a female spokesman , said that houjie will suspend domestic auto production until 21 february .
nissan , spokesman for the nissan , said that from the day after tomorrow until the 23 rd , two of the three japanese factories will suspend their production and will reassess the situation on the weekend .
he said that both factories have two parts , one of which will be affected , but the company will probably increase the rotation next month , and the backward production progress may be made .
suzuki said that the suspension of some production and production of the aru cars will be suspended from tomorrow .
for jewelry , it is possible to suspend some of the yanglai supply operations next week .
the earthquake caused at least 10 deaths and injuries to the family of at least 10 people , and hundreds of houses , which forced the factories in the disaster areas to stop .
jewelry gets out of order in indonesia to sell british jewelry
" because earlier this month , hong kong 's buyout has triggered a loss , indonesia has cancelled its green bags sales activities , " said the newspaper .
the indonesian square in the high - consumption district , xiangsi , a responsible person of the addis de salad , said that in view of the incident in hong kong , we cancelled the environmental protection bag activities in the city .
if the people are willing to pay a price of nt $ 40,000 for a huge bag of lugby ( about nt $ 40,000 in new taiwan dollars ) , then there is no such price .
hong kong people gathered outside the sales shop on the 6 th to buy a jewelah maiti , a designer of the british encai , a jewelry , a woodsmell , but the store refused to produce the bogus , which triggered the horse .
the model , which uses environmental protection as a quest , is trying to replace the bags , unexpectedly became popular in london and new york on the day of the day , triggering the price of buying and selling web sites ebay , several times higher than the price of the zero price .
the only one who is sold to hong kong is a warrant .
the crisis of the hostages is directly negotiated with south korea .
afghan hostages kidnapped 23 south korean hostages and set the deadline today , demanding south korea to withdraw its troops from afghanistan , otherwise they will kill the hostages .
with the passing of time by a minute , the situation has developed in a positive way . south korean officials held talks with the organization today for the first time .
however , at the same time , the organization said that another german hostage kidnapped was very weak , and began to fall into a consciousness of loss .
suite called on germany and south korea to withdraw their troops from afghanistan and asked for the hostages to exchange 33 guerrillas imprisoned by the afghan government .
" the us is not a country that has a good reputation , " said the spokesman , amady , in a telephone interview with afp , that we have made contact with korean representatives through our serbs .
amady said : we hope that this round of talks will produce results .
governor hong ding local time ( 10.30 pm taiwan time ) is the deadline for the final deadline , and the time will begin to kill the south korean hostages .
the length of time has been extended twice .
prc : rok , rok military talks on korean nuclear issue dispersed
because of their different opinions on the division of maritime boundaries , the three - day high - level military talks between the north and south of the korean peninsula ended without delay today .
in the talks held in panmunjon , a border city , today entered the agenda , and north korean chief representative kim yong - chol ( voice ) said : we made a conclusion that we no longer need the talks that have no results .
the face was pretty resentful . kim chong - chol , a charitable maritime border of south korea , used to replace the original northern route , with the original hebei provincial border .
he pointed out that the beibu line was not legitimate .
the beibu line , which is situated in xiangdu , is the embryonic plain of the us military after the end of the korean war in 1953 , but has become the focus of the dispute between the two koreas in recent years , and north korea has even refused to acknowledge it .
north korea said south korean troops invaded the waters and caused tensions , while south korea claimed the accusation was groundless .
the local waters broke out in june 1999 , causing dozens of north korean crew members .
in june 2002 , a similar clash occurred again , and six koreans were unfortunate .
us treasury secretary arrives in china for environmental protection , exchange rate of interest
us treasury secretary colin powell arrived in china yesterday , and the united states is doing its utmost to persuade china to further carry out necessary economic reform and environmental protection work , especially the exchange rate issue of the renminbi that has received much attention .
us diplomats said that powell first went to the large northwest province of qinghai to visit western china .
currently , china 's largest hamhung lake is in the vicinity of the great hamhung lake , carrying out a series of environmental protection plans .
paulson is on a visit to beijing today to discuss with chinese officials in charge of promoting the process of strategic economic dialogue between china and the united states , which was launched last year .
the main purpose of the us - china strategic economic dialogue is to discuss economic affairs , including environmental protection , and the most important issue of the rmb exchange rate , and us congressmen believe that renminbi is over - undervalued .
the us - china trade deficit is rapidly increasing , and us congressmen are preparing to take retaliatory action to counter their so - called china unfair trade policy .
last week , the us senate finance committee passed a bill by an overwhelming vote , demanding that the finance ministry recognize the list of countries whose currency exchange rate is fundamentally wrong , and open the door to the economic sanctions imposed on potential in beijing .
us congressmen said that the underestimation of the rmb has caused china 's commodity prices to go up to the united states , which aggravated the imbalance in trade between the united states and china last year , and the us trade deficit with china reached us $ 2.5 billion .
mary johnson claimed that he had completely withdrawn from the soccer world before 60 years old .
from the beginning of the battle , muriao 's future has always been the media 's speculation , but as in the past , the portuguese once again stressed that he would stay in west london this summer .
some newspapers listed 14 famous new marshal , but i will stay in xisi , zhuji , zhuoji , zhuji .
muirono reiterated that he hopes that one day the portuguese team will take up the tow of the portuguese team . i really want to teach . i believe that one day the portuguese association also very much hopes to invite me to be the master of my soccer team .
however , the 44 - year - old murray did not plan to contribute his entire life to soccer , and he said he would retire before 60 , and he did not want to be like bobbob , jose russen and freshson , to be in the old age of the year .
i 've already made a promise to my wife , i will not be like robertson and fingerson , who has been teaching 70 , my life .
muellio 's family is 60 years old . i want to completely feed my soccer horse .
i have too many things that i cannot do now , waiting for me to do .
i did not want to be a soccer consultant or director , such as bardano or saji .
i do not want to play such a role .
i do n't want to be the chairman of a club , but i only want to completely soccer , + morio stressed .
( qi liang )
cao shengsheng , wang bing , from hongdong village , shanxi , tried the case of troops ' blackbricks ( photo )
chinanews , hanju , july 21 c with the concern of the public today , the first hearing of the hongshengshan town of linfen city in hongdong county , shanxi province , the case of cao bing , bing bing , and feng pei , was heard at the first hearing .
while being concerned about the progress of the case , many domestic media are concerned about it .
because the local authorities concerned were quite cautious , some reporters were unable to gather news on the spot .
currently , it is still in progress .
according to the report of the linfen intermediate court , if it goes smoothly , the court will end its hearing on that day .
can the court pronounce a sentence unclear ?
at about 9 : 00 in the morning , a reporter noticed a scene outside the entrance of the linfen city intermediate court . the road was calm and the distance between the people .
perhaps , the act of these feels so much so distant .
if you are here , you will have the result , and i believe the law is just .
a person who walked here looked at the national emblem and said himself .
prior to this , there was a report in hongdong county that the defendant , wang bing , former secretary of the party branch of qibao village , father of wang bing , was dismissed from his post as deputy to the county people 's congress according to law .
earlier , wang dongju was arrested by wang bing in the cases of involvement in the cases of violation of discipline in libao township party branch of wang bing bing bing , and was expelled from the party .
the " red force " of shanxi was triggered by the wang bing 's troops ' dark brick caves case . at one time , it attracted attention at home and abroad . the central leadership issued a written instruction demanding a thorough investigation .
the dprk and the rok have reached an agreement on cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources
chinanews , july 8 .
on 7 july , the dprk and the rok held a joint statement on cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources .
according to the agreement , the rok will provide the dprk with raw materials for production of light industrial products such as garments , and the dprk has granted the right to extract some domestic light industrial products to the rok .
according to a report by the japan sending and giving it to the dprk , the rok and the dprk held consultations in kaicheng on cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources in three days , and reached an agreement in the end .
according to the agreement , south korea will provide clothing and shoes to north korea and the production of raw materials of xiangmu , the total value of the raw materials is 9/1 japanese yen .
in this regard , the dprk will transfer the right to extracting three domestic blocs to south korea .
the rok government will start to investigate and deal with hong kong 's renchuan [ hong kong ] in the western region on july 25 , sending 500 tons of contract materials to north korea .
according to the plan , the rok and the dprk will jointly conduct investigation into the ju dynasty in the east of the dprk starting from 28 july .
the korean government 's effort to start to provide 400,000 tons of rice to the dprk has started .
after the dprk expressed willingness to actively carry out the agreement reached by the six countries , including the closure of nuclear facilities , economic cooperation between the dprk and the rok has become more active .
lanzhou commodity bureau makes explanations on the fixed price of beef , only because the increase is too big .
chinanews , lanzhou , july 10 ( huang party )
this afternoon , the lanzhou city commodity price bureau invited the relevant departments to hold a forum on the issue of a restriction on the meat surface .
the press conference was informed that the bureau of commodity prices and other departments jointly introduced a set of price restrictions , mainly because the price increase in beef area was too big and the general residents ' ability to bear it .
it is reported that the increase in the beef price this time was as high as 20 percent , and statistics show that this is the first increase in the price of beef in lanzhou since the first increase in the 1980 s .
" the government 's action is to take into account the economic capability of the common people in the region , and the maximum price we set is to conduct a cost investigation , " said the director of the lanzhou city commodity pricing bureau .
on 26 february , the department of health of the lanzhou city bureau of commodity prices jointly implemented the highest price for meat products , which triggered a strong concern .
it is understood that the forum was aimed at extensively listening to opinions of all circles and soliciting opinions and suggestions for the specific management methods for the next step . it is also disclosed that lanzhou will hold a news conference tomorrow .
this will be the first official meeting held in lanzhou city on the issue of the beef price increase .
zhao jianguo punishes china association for promotion of regional development : stop activities for three months
chinanews , july 11 according to reports from the zhuhai website , on july 9 th , the zhaoyuan district development promotion association of china issued a administrative penalty for stopping the activities for three months .
the punishment has shown that the china regional development promotion association has the following illegal acts : collecting a higher standard ; second , using zhuhai to collect other fees from non - member units .
according to investigation , the feather of a thousand yuan per year is as high as 2,000,000 yuan , from june 2007 to february 2007 , it has applied to some 20 units , collecting 2,000 yuan from the membership of one of its members , and collecting fees from each other to rmb1 , and the rest from yuan to yuan , and over 800,000 yuan from each . among these , some of the departments have seriously violated relevant regulations on collection of money from the organs concerned , such as
according to the " regulations on registration and management of social groups , " a person shall obtain a reward for his or her activities within three months prescribed in article 33 , section 1 , and article 6 of the " regulations on management of social organizations " and shall have the relevant articles of the association and other things that are registered with him according to law .
the rok government hopes to speed up the process of a nuclear - free korean peninsula through the six - party talks .
chinanews , july 12 - according to a report by the rok news agency , the south korean government is very concerned about the upcoming meeting of the delegation heads of the six - party talks to be held in beijing on the 18th .
a spokesman for the rok ministry of foreign affairs and trade said on 12 june that he hopes that the meeting between leaders of the delegation to the six - party talks will discuss measures to end the initial stage of the talks and to implement the next phase of the talks as soon as possible , as well as specific and substantive plans of the foreign ministers of the six parties , so as to speed up the process of denuclearization of the korean peninsula .
the commentary also said : as the core of the dprk nuclear issue , the chinese government will make unremitting efforts to achieve the goal of a nuclear - free korean peninsula in a satisfactory manner , and will carry out close cooperation with the countries concerned in this respect .
officials revealed that the beijing olympics is expected to create the highest number of participating countries and regions .
chinanews , july 16 .
xinhua news agency , international department head of beijing olympic organizing committee wang shilin disclosed on 14 june that the beijing olympic organizing committee will submit a report to the 205 ioc members next month on their participation in the olympic games .
he said that if no accident happens , the beijing olympic games will become the largest international olympic games in history .
the report said that wang shilin , on behalf of the beijing organizing committee for the olympic games , briefed the pan america sports organization on the preparations for the olympic games in beijing from 10 to 10 february , including the planning of communications , the repair of communications , and so on .
wang said that the pan - american sports federation is a member country and region that has shown great enthusiasm for participating in the beijing olympics , and all 42 members have confirmed that they will attend the next olympic games in beijing .
it is reported that at the current meeting , the ioc will , together with the beijing olympic organizing committee , formally invite the international olympic committee to attend the olympiad .
chinese premier meets with german chancellor
wang yan 's wound improved " insists on " sitting on a stool and limb muscles resuming ' two levels '
xiangyan wang was able to sit on a wooden stove , but she felt dizzy , even though she felt that the zhejiang provincial sports bureau director wu xugong told the reporter yesterday .
the injured wang yan in the match continued to improve , and the injury of left - right muscles resumed more than 10 days ago .
this month , wang yan 's family of six institutes ( the no. 6 hospital ) has moved to the hospital ward of serious disease in shanghai , and her upper limb muscle is 2 to 3 , and leftover muscles are 1 .
in the last half a month , wang yan 's upper limb muscle had taken a further turn for the better .
a doctor said wang yan 's muscles have reached above four levels , five times lower than the normal level , and leftward muscles are also at three levels .
in other words , in less than half a month , wang yan 's upper limb muscles resumed the level of the higher level .
forma wang yan could already have been able to get on the bed for five minutes with the help of the doctor .
the hospital rehabilitation experts originally planned to let wang yan 's life be saved by the recovery bed at the end of last week .
however , according to wang yan 's current recovery situation , the training for recovering from the accident had to be postponed temporarily .
wu xilong said : wang yan 's current training is mainly based on his sitting in the woods , she can sit on a wooden one meeting , but it is still not long . ( wang xiyan ) reporter wang xianju )
venezuela 's president hails big reduction of civil servants ' salaries
chinanews , july 23 - venezuela president 's visit to venezuela on july 22 gives a brief speech on venezuela 's domestic and foreign policies .
he said that a significant reduction in the wages of senior civil servants was made .
he also said that if foreigners attack the venezuelan government , they will face serious consequences and will be expelled .
the governor has ordered government officials to closely monitor the foreign visits and find any person publicly criticizing him or the venezuelan government .
he said in a television speech on the evening of 22 february that venezuela cannot tolerate foreigners running to their homes and find fault with their family .
in his speech , he also pointed out that the wages of senior civil servants would be substantially reduced .
he said : the salaries of venezuelan public servants are not higher than the monthly wages of us dollars .
it is reported that in venezuela , the monthly income of some poor people is us dollars .
in the action of reducing civil servants ' salaries in latin american countries , it has become a common practice and has won the support of the broad masses of the people .
the leaders of peru and xiangtan countries have all reduced their salaries .
haylopoute said cuban leader castro reminded him of his action from the us .
he said that carter gave him a book of former us central director , a memoir , please see what he said .
the court hearing of the + 1 spy case ended yesterday the temporary punishment of mikai
last night beijing time , the international federation of motor vehicles ( fivb ) council held a special hearing on the fallavy technology espionage case , which was summoned by maikai crawler : the council decided not to punish maikai for the time being .
the official network of the international automotive network issued a statement after the hearing , saying that feud ?? s partner , michel maikel , has secret information , but there is no sufficient evidence to show that these materials are being used in the international fbi class 1 phq , so it will not be punished , and therefore , the mandatory punishment will not be imposed .
however , the falari technology espionage case has not rarely rated .
the council will take into account the need for money if it is found in fallava , the spokesman said .
the maikai wheeler , former designer of maikai , who has been suspended , was found to be holding nearly 800 pages of falari technical documents , including the maiju - designed vehicle 2007 , which is designed to test the development of the funny - engels and the series of operational tests .
maikai crawl , before the train was suspended , no other people knew about this , mkai kaikawa did not have any mere funeral .
( wang yuan )
experts believe that the appearance of insurance = breeds domestic financial problems will not be diverted in the short term .
chinanews , july 30 .
according to a report by china securities news , the " interim procedures on managing overseas investment of insurance funds " was promulgated a few days ago , and insurance funds have a broader space for using capital markets .
the chief investment officer of the chinese company of honda , liu lefei , believes that the appreciation of the renminbi and the favorable trend of the domestic capital market will not be realized in the short term of the revaluation of the overseas investment , which also means that the investment of insurance officials in china will not be diverted to the stock market funds within the short term .
the report said that many insurance institutions hold the same view .
experts said that since there is no market for rmb products , the insurance organs have not enough means to avoid risks , and the time for large - scale foreign exchange purchase is not ripe .
liu lefei said : over the long term , foreign investment in the asset allocation should play a certain role in the overall allocation of insurance companies .
however , in view of the greater pressure of the revaluation of the rmb , china 's chuang will mainly use its own foreign exchange funds to invest overseas .
as for foreign exchange purchases , under the current circumstances , it is necessary to be cautious in dealing with them .
( shangfeng )
china 's direct losses in xiangbao [ fen ] this year amounted to 52.5 billion yuan
this reporter has learned from the national general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control that as of july , the nationwide bankruptcy of 188 million mu of crops was affected , of which 54.14 million mu were of the population of 11.19 million , 662 people were killed and 525 million yuan was directly lost because of the disaster .
the total area of farmland affected by drought is 400 - million mu , which is the result of drought , the great difficulty of having a drought has occurred .
in july , the national flood prevention and drought control headquarters , in view of the current grim situation in flood prevention and drought control , made urgent arrangements .
and required all provinces and autonomous regions along the huai he or the general headquarters to strengthen the battle of repelling water and seizing comprehensive victory in flood prevention .
the national general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control and agricultural departments have dispatched three work teams to give guidance to flood prevention and drought control work in these areas .
at present , the work of flood prevention is being carried out in an orderly manner , and the operation is normal . in huaihong xinhe , the hukou township in henan province , jiangsu province , three provinces in jiangsu province , is being carried out .
' the great danger is not large .
heilongjiang province 's xiangjiangxi province has activated the emergency response to drought resistance according to the plan , and the drought control work is proceeding in an intense and orderly manner .
china will continue to strengthen cooperation with the united states in the field of education , science and technology , education and culture , said a senior official here thursday .
chen shui - bian secretly criticized the government for intervening in the election of the taiwan " judicial yuan " and denied and wanted to explain it .
chinanews , hante chen , july 30 - questioned the judicial personnel on the island who attempted to get involved in the election of leaders in taiwan 's region .
taiwan 's superior judicial department , feng zhizhi , said on the same day that the current performance of taiwan 's judges is not in line with chen shui - bian 's words , and asked chen shui - bian to give an explanation to his statement .
according to a report by taiwan 's " yingchi , " judge or investigator chen shui - bian [ chen shuibian ] intervened in a showdown or even attempted to influence candidates of various parties because of political or election considerations , saying that he hoped this phenomenon would not exist in taiwan , but that it might be very difficult .
in view of chen shui - bian 's doubts , xiangyue [ chu ] , director of taiwan 's judicial yuan , did not respond to him . secretary general fan guangqun of taiwan university said that the court of law of jinchi university represented the court of journalism .
kao chin - chi said : taiwan 's laws and the code of ethics for judges are fundamentally known as the judges should exceed party affiliation , not be involved in party activities , and judges are very cautious in observing the relevant restrictions , so the court believes that judges are doing better than the court judges .
gao jinzhi pointed out : the appearance of gao si judge chang sheng - xi [ gao si ] of kaohsiung university , who took part in the school curriculum of keltagala a a few years ago , was that the relevant curriculum was characterized by political parties and was decided by a self - discipline committee formed by the judges .
zhang shengxi once wanted to join the dpp because of the controversy over the election campaign , and finally decided to abandon it .
gao jinzhi believes that if the trial is a case of individual case , it will not be possible to solely win the verdict if the judgment is at the level of trial . in other words , it will be possible to judge the other way .
germany to lower threshold for introduction of professionals
xinhua news agency , july 1 , berlin , by reporter huaicheng wang
german minister of education and scientific research shwangwan said a few days ago that germany should lower the restrictions on the introduction of foreign professionals in its " law " , and solve the problem of professional personnel facing germany by increasing the introduction of foreign talent .
according to the oecd report , germany 's population of twelve to 64 years old will decrease year after year .
if there is no sufficient immigration , to 20-00 , german labor will be reduced by 6 percent .
however , the german employers ' federation and the german engineers association have reported that engineers ' professional skills are greater in germany 's current labor market .
according to the statistics of the german federal labor bureau , in may this year , the supply of some 120,000 german engineers in the labor market was approximately 10,000 , and the supply of some 2,7600 technicians was about 9,600 .
to protect their own people 's employment , germany has set a relatively high threshold for attracting foreign talent .
germany 's " abrogation law " stipulates that professional personnel from non - eu countries are not inferior to germany 's 85,000 euros , otherwise they cannot obtain permission to work and stay in germany .
shalikov suggested that the limit be lowered to the ratio of the euro to the euro .
people who practice superstition of laws
the draft " law on lawyers , " which has been submitted to the npc standing committee for deliberation recently , stipulates : law professor li zhaoxing , who has engaged in professional work such as law research , and who has the same professional standard as a senior diplomat , who has applied for a lawyer 's practice , may be granted approval to the law enforcement agency after examination and approval by the judicial administrative department of the state council .
( " china 's automobile " on 28 june )
legal theories are the same as those of the chinese communists , as well as those of the lust , the former , as well as the maiden act of law and the latter , are more involved in such specific acts as legal consulting and service in litigation .
for a long time , theoretical circle and practical affairs exist among literary circles , which are the phenomena of the chinese communists , which are the ones who are engaged in practical work , and which are the essential needs of the chinese army 's current affairs , are only the mechanized legal principles , but the most critical point of the chinese communists ' criticism of the chinese theoretical circle is their theoretical guidance .
for such differences in division of labor , what the law can do is to maintain , not to support , any party .
however , the appearance of our laws as a profile of our generous attorney system has objectively recognized the higher the law than the law 's judgement .
in fact , some international law enforcement and other purely studies and teaching activities , such as the history of international legal system , have yet again become more profound theories than legal practice .
in this way , the patriarch is undoubtedly a matter of the status of legal profession as a matter of fact , a situation that affects the reputation of the legal profession is extremely bad .
the people of the theoretical circle , such as experts and experts , have often influenced and even vetoed the court verdict , and this is also a direct expression of this superstition .
encourage chinese - funded ships to hoard
the pla navy 's general staff headquarters ,
judging by the press conference held by the state council , china will implement a system of china - funded international shipping ship registration to encourage the hoisting of foreign - funded ships to return to china and to hang them back to china to register their vessels .
to further promote the healthy development of china 's maritime industry and to strengthen the socialist shipping industry , our country has launched a series of special campaigns to deal with the problems arising from china 's international shipping register and the hanging of foreign flag . the ministry of communications recently issued a " notice on implementing the policy on registration of international shipping cases involving chinese vessels " , which explicitly specifies the conditions and procedures for enjoying special cases . the application procedures for the customs of vessels that comply with the requirements for imported
the application for a ship can choose shanghai xiulian as a shipping register .
britain to reduce terrorist attacks
xinhua news agency , london , july 5 , by reporter lin guo
british government 's terror attack ranks down from the highest level to the rank of serious zhaoshu , indicating that the terrorist attack in britain will not take place , but its attack is still possible .
at present , the british police have shifted the scope of the investigation to india and australia .
the eight terrorist attack suspects arrested were all working in the medical system , and the government will take appropriate measures to deal with the background of foreign immigrants who are working in the medical system .
it is reported that nearly one - third of the workers working in the uk public medical system are qualified to be admitted overseas to medical service .
prime minister banharn also called for an investigation into the situation of high - tech immigration , and employers or relevant organizations will be required to provide background information .
breathing good things to do not let traders get impatient .
charity is a good thing .
however , many people are in the mainland and are in such a worry , and many of them are being spared and chased by the merchants and brothers who engage in intermediary business .
both cars and trains , and shanghai automobile , always have to encounter small vendors and some dying blocks without certificates .
it is not selling breathing burns , that is selling magazines , and many unlicensed intermediary presentations , or even intermediate certificates , etc.
if you do n't accept it , he can chase you several hundred meters , and if you are not successful , you will become benevolent .
in some breeds , many breeds also have the same feelings .
without the door , some people came to hong kong , the tourism and small things .
after entering the door , this situation will become more serious . no matter how good yaxing is , it is also stirring and unpopular .
a media report said that many foreign tourists who went to xi'an were greatly grateful to xian , but they were allowed to have more small shoddy shops selling them all over the place .
including the wind of the grapple , this type of jewelry , which is the place of the operations and the places where it is , should be orderly , quiet and harmonious , and give a respectful environment .
the freedom of vices of vices and confusion of vices have objectively undermined these public order and formed a pollution and environmental pollution problem , and at the same time , they have provided conditions and opportunities for their operations .
what is important is that these varieties are the windows of the building of spiritual civilization in hong kong , and not only are they impaired , they are also affecting the development of the local economy .
just think , if you want to expand and strengthen the tourism industry , you use this chaotic tourism environment to greet the guests from south to north , who will be willing to come , who will dare to come ?
how can your tourism economy yield results ?
with the arrival of the peak tourist season , the tourist attraction to the north of the tiannan prefecture should be considered a top priority .
none of them are from the market , and the operation of peddlers of small business should be standardized , and uncertified operations should be resolutely cancelled , and illegal activities should be resolutely cracked down .
a civilized and orderly environment can make happiness .
one thing is that the shop sells impatient .
the award of self - motivated retirement benefits
the fengyun street in beijing 's dongcheng district has used electricity and other materials as a source of incentives for 12 households that voluntarily surrender themselves to their insurance .
( xinjing bao , july 10 )
i am delighted to see the improvement of the living conditions of these families , but there is still the prateness of our award of our army .
feng ju 's deputy director of the neighborhood office said that , in view of such problems as scum and minimum guarantee , encouraging the withdrawal of units on their own initiative is an example set for other households .
this model , if it is to encourage other insured personnel to extricate themselves from their difficulties through their own efforts , it is indeed worth advocating , and if it is to use this method to deceive those who have sought to make minimum insurance , it is not possible to be naive .
in differentiating and clearing up low - income households , the more dependable is the law .
the relevant departments should strengthen the system of minimum protection households in their right to enjoy minimum living allowance . for instance , timely notification of changes in family members , reporting on employment situation , and receiving regular reexamination , the relevant departments should intensify supervision and inspection .
after all , the withdrawal of the breeds according to law is a long - term solution .
the street is a good example of who has given awards to families who have retired from the insurance industry ?
as a first - level government organization , the expenses are borne by financial appropriations .
the money of a family should not be used ?
on the one hand , the number of families withdrawing from the minimum allowable income has proven that they have enough self - supporting ability , and on the other hand , does the applicant for minimum living allowance still exist ?
the government finance fund , called the life - saving money , should be used to provide charcoal in the snow instead of adding flowers to the brocade .
liu gang - yi is a bit more worthy of being a service provider .
on 10 july , the first public - propelled xiangyuan district of zhuji township , the first public - run township in the whole country , liu gang - yi , received the title of " democratic engagement , " reaching 97.7 percent of the satisfaction rate .
during the dialogue with liu gang , liu gang said that he was a student of the college of socialism .
( yesterday 's " new beijing news " )
liu diyi 's family services might be better than some cadres appointed by the party , some cadres who are the services of the party , and some people who are the true ones .
the direct election of candidates is the greatest aspect of the appointment system , which is determined by ordinary party members , which is mainly the source of power , and the latter is mainly appointed by the higher level organization , and the direction of the source of power , which determines that the former must be responsible to the people .
the source of power and the person responsible are the fundamental factors for determining how the elected person will carry out his work .
some people doubt that such a democratic appearance is like a farce of democracy .
my view is that such a kind of democracy is more than a mere formality .
taking into account the history and current situation of the building of democracy at the grassroots level in china , i believe direct election is a major breakthrough , and democracy is a major component part of this territory . we must not underestimate the promotion of democracy at the grassroots level .
india to elect first female president to be elected is likely to be more likely , while female voters hope to raise their status as women
on 23 june , panzhua 's presidential candidate document was formerly fbi .
india 's presidential election opened on 19 july . the new president will be elected at the presidential office under the leadership of the current vice president , shevardnadze , and the recent speech by ragjajpayee state governor .
patria is the first female presidential candidate in indian history . if she is elected , she will become the first woman president of india .
patria is a candidate for the ruling congress party , while shevardt comes from the opposition people 's party .
because the congress party holds a dominant position in the presidential election , media and the masses all felt that patch was elected .
pagoda , 72 , is a female state governor .
her attorney , her experience in joining the parliament , and her experience in serving as governor of the state of rajasthan , she was given a boost by the government .
she also worked for social welfare , and was a good example of many cultural schools and social welfare organizations .
analysts pointed out that papple became a candidate because she always felt jewish for india 's national party chairman sonia gandhi .
in india , the gandhi family has long controlled the ruling congress party .
papaeva was supported by a large number of female voters , and the female voters believe paphore will play a role in india 's image of a woman who is discriminating against women , thus enhancing the status of a woman .
the constitution stipulates that india is a federal state and the president is a state head and commanding officer in the name of a state . it does not represent any political party , but more than a symbol .
( yan yingju )
the united states supports the palestinian government to drive out extremists .
xinhua news agency , washington , july 22 , by wire ( reporter qisheng xu )
us president bush said on 21 february that the united states will fully support pakistan 's government in separating the al-qa'ida and extremist elements from the pakistan - afghanistan border .
bush said in his weekly radio address that according to the new us intelligence , the organization of new us bases has found a " hiding " security border in afghanistan .
he expressed worry about this situation .
bush said that the united states will continue to support pakistani president musharraf and believes that he will persist in fighting with the organizations of the bases and armed elements .
the " national intelligence assessment " report recently published by the united states points out that the armed muslim organizations are especially the honors of the united states , which constitute a threat to the united states .
musharraf and the palestinian government held talks in september last year with leaders of some ministries in the northern region on preventing the occurrence of the activities of the leaders of the delegations of mao zedong , dai xianglong , and some other organizations of the bases .
the weakness of these tribes is not willing or not able to do so .
bush 's speech , which was taped ahead of schedule , said that musharraf is taking positive steps to correct this mistake .
us hopes that the dprk nuclear issue agreement will be comprehensively implemented
xinhua news agency , washington , july 24 , by reporter qisheng xu
us assistant secretary of state christopher hill , chief representative of the six - party talks on the dprk nuclear issue , said on 23 march that the six - party talks on the korean nuclear issue last week achieved real progress , but this was only the initial action of implementing the agreement .
the united states greatly hopes that the " 9.19 joint statement " and " 2.13 joint document " on resolving the dprk nuclear issue can be comprehensively implemented .
at a press conference on the same day , sher said : to achieve the goal of completely resolving the dprk nuclear issue , it is necessary for the dprk to declare all its nuclear program before the end of this year and to realize the function of its nuclear facilities .
he hoped that all parties concerned would comprehensively carry out the six - party talks on the dprk nuclear issue within one year .
hill also said that the united states will continue to make efforts to resolve the issue while holding security and energy talks , and the us , dprk , and japan - dprk working groups will discuss respectively the issues that need to be resolved in bilateral relations between the united states and japan .
climate change leads to the rapid shrinkage of the alps ' glass .
the july issue of zhuji hospital of the pla navy was recently published by the pla general staff department .
the glacien experts of the swiss academy of sciences have followed the studies over the past 50 years , with the surplus of switzerland 's ice - melting enterprises at an average annual rate of 3 percent .
the + brow alone has caused the melting of the ice of the alps by 1.8 % .
experts believe that by the year 2010 , if the temperature in the world is up 3 , glaciage will be reduced compared to today , and the five cities will melt completely .
arlech glacien is the longest ice - melting in europe and is listed as a world natural heritage site of the united nations , but it has been reduced by 100 meters in 2001 , and it has reached its sixty years ago .
the picture is a 23 - km arlech glaciage .
photos by liu jun .
all the experts of the beijing olympic games proposed : be civilized consumers .
beijing , july 30 ( staff report )
reporter liang jie learned from the chinese consumer association that during the 29 th olympic games on 8 august , the first anniversary of the turnover of the residents of shanghai municipality , the consumer rights protection committee of shanghai municipality , the consumer rights protection committee of shanghai consumer , the consumer association of the sixty - six consumers , and the consumer council of hong kong , in the name of the consumer rights protection organization of the six cities , issued a proposal to consumers , saying that the us , our city , the
the proposal proposed strengthening cultural olympic consciousness , studying the spirit of gift , enhancing knowledge , raising civilization , practicing the standard , observing social order , and acting as a model consumer of consciousness and civility .
enhance the awareness of the green olympics , protect the ecological environment , cherish the environment , actively promote sustainable consumption , and become a consumer advocating green consumption .
establish a sense of thrift , change the concept of consumption , blindly scale the scattering of consumption , oppose extravagance and waste , and be rational consumers with a scientific consumption concept ;
raising the awareness of protecting consumption rights , taking the initiative to participate in social supervision , conscientiously respecting intellectual property rights , correctly understanding rights and obligations , and acting as a consumer who works reasonably according to law ;
advocate the spirit of breeds and actively participate in the olympic games , propagate the olympic ideal , and become the disseminator of the olympic spirit .
the " hong kong heaven company " celebrated the 10 th anniversary of the reversion .
on 1 july , jin hai , police officer of nanjing jinghai temple , was thrown out again .
this great historical echo has shown the hope of our compatriots on the mainland and hong kong through television networks of nanjing and hong kong , and the history of hong kong 's circle together celebrating the 10th anniversary of hong kong 's return to the motherland .
on 1 july 10 years ago , yan jiyuan , a jewelry at nanjing jinghai temple , resurfaced with a traffic alarm 155 years ago , which meant a feast of the history of hong kong island .
not a great temptation , people of all walks of life in nanjing society have said that through their own spiritual drive , they should always warn themselves and their forgotten history .
the bell of a policeman is 1.82 metres tall , and it was the time of the outbreak of the nanjing treaty in 1842 .
shoulder heavy shoulder , 1.97 metres , and the appearance of hong kong is the sprawl of hong kong 's return .
the planning and casting of the world order , mr wang fengling , explained that the five characters of the buddha , the bell , were used in high - floating sculptures , two longitudes , symbolizing hong kong as the flower of oriental pearl of the motherland , symbolizing the end of the pearl of the oriental pearl of the mainland , and using the mehua flower of nanjing city as the " bands " of the bell .
the first suggestion to build a warning bell in the world at that time , yu youdong , a member of the democratic parties , has been honing his accomplishments . he hoped that hong kong 's tomorrow would be like a -- a -- a -- a -- a -- a -- a -- would be able to turn its spirits , and not be as good as its .
( end ) zhu xiaoying and liu yang
the russian security bureau accused the oligarchs ' conspiratorial ' plotting to stage a war .
the russian oligarchy in london , berezovsky , announced on 2 july that the russian federal security agency has formally put forward a new accusation against his litigants , accusing them of conspiring to capture the russian government in exile by force .
borovkov pointed out that byeretsov said in an interview with a reporter of the british newspaper " the guardian " that he was prepared to launch a corps of court in russia , and that he had given financial support to the right - wing elite representatives who opposed the authorities ' policy .
the russian federal security bureau 's reconnaissance bureau immediately followed article 278 of the criminal law of the russian federation to fight a crime by attacking the spate . recently , it formally filed a corresponding accusation to the moscow savyyyev court .
it is reported that in february 2006 , the russian federal procuratorate put forward a criminal case accusation against rumsfeld . based on the fact that the oligarchy was also in exile , it confirmed in an interview that he attempted to seize the russian regime by force .
because he had always been exiled abroad and was unable to extradite him , in january 2007 the russian side suspended the investigation .
on 2 july , the moscow savilye court began to try another criminal case involving the oligarchic head . the russian general procuratorate accused belezovsky of swallowing the russian airlines 214 - million rubles of the whale and washing money . the court decided to postpone the court investigation on 12 july . the court will be in custody for the accused state counsel .
byrne believes that these are all arguments , which explicitly forbid his own lawyers to participate in the activity .
( bi yuan )
guangxi zhuang ruined post under administrative efficiency supervision 619 people are investigated for their responsibility
since the beginning of this year , various departments in guangxi have launched activities to change cadres ' work style and strengthen the building of administrative efficiency of organs . the implementation of the " three rural responsibility system " and the " three systems " of the establishment of a system of responsibility . thirty - three key departments directly under the regional government have been incorporated into the supervisory network for administrative efficiency supervision .
as of now , 619 people have been held responsible .
reporters learned from feng huxiang autonomous region 's discipline inspection commission on 5 july that guangxi has initially formed the administrative efficiency supervision network of zhuji county of the autonomous region , and has strengthened supervision over key departments ' responsibilities . the electronic supervision system of the 14 cities has all been linked with the autonomous region .
the regional administrative efficiency electronic monitoring system is directly linked to the areas of 33 autonomous regions directly under the jurisdiction of the autonomous region and to the key departments directly under the autonomous region where the environment is invested and where the people live and work , further standardizing the examination and approval behavior and improving the efficiency of examination and approval .
at the same time , discipline inspection and supervision organs at all levels in guangxi have seriously investigated and handled cases involving the interests of the masses that involve work style and efficacy . they have investigated 1,126 cases , investigated 769 cases , and held 684 units ' responsibility .
feng hu - hsiang , member of the cpc committee standing committee and secretary of the cpc committee 's yingfeng commission , said on 5 july that administrative efficiency supervision is a work that has always been carried out in accompanying administrative activities and it is necessary to gradually form a long - term mechanism .
guangxi should further improve and standardize various aspects of administrative management , establish a sound administrative efficiency supervision and guarantee mechanism , and include efficacy supervision into the systematized orbit , further standardize the supervisory and inspection procedures , further standardize and improve the mechanisms for handling complaints and handling cases and for evaluating achievements , intensify the investigation of responsibility , and use a strict system for investigating and affixing responsibility to ensure that the system of first - level inquiry and for handling work is carried out on time .
china 's top legislator wu bangguo met here wednesday with a delegation of the european union ( eu ) .
nato does not rule out the possibility of cooperating with the united states on the issue of the anti - missile system .
nato information officer simona de mansou said in an exclusive interview with xinhua on 9 july that the possibility of linking the united states ' anti - missile system with nato 's own defense system is not ruled out .
the two sides agreed to set up a joint military force to conduct military exercises on the basis of mutual respect , mutual trust , and mutual trust .
she said that nato has its own theater missile defense system and has begun to discuss the establishment of a strategic missile defense system , so that the us anti - missile system will not be linked with nato 's own defense system .
she also said that the united states has not made any progress on the issue of the united states establishing an anti - missile system in europe , and nato will exchange information with russia through various channels in good time .
the chinese government has always attached great importance to the development of the country 's economy and the development of its economy , said a senior official here thursday .
two jordanian people were sentenced to imprisonment for plotting attacks on americans
two jordanian men were killed in a bomb attack on the jordan national security court on 11 april .
the two men , both aged 25 , were named saisa hutar , who was sentenced to eight years ' imprisonment plus a compulsory labor service while the other one was shih du al-haada , jailed for three years and forced labor service .
the court said that the defendant , hutali , was also charged with illegal possession of a jewelry gun while searching his houston .
the court originally decided to sentencing hutali to life imprisonment , but later gave him a chance to change its ways , which would be reduced to eight years .
the indictment said that after the war broke out in iraq , the two defendants decided to report to the muslims who suffered from the bullying of the americans , and then plotted to attack the americans living in jordan .
in august 2006 , they discovered a sister named amman , a american living in the capital of jordan , but was arrested by the police before the attack .
the indictment did not reveal the identity of the american .
the indictment also accused the two defendants of having plans to attack other americans , but did not reveal specific details .
china 's top legislator wu bangguo met here wednesday with a delegation of the european union ( eu ) .
the adverse reactions of diabetes , wendi , have increased significantly .
according to us media reports on the 15th , the heart attack and other adverse reports caused by the antidiabetes drug wenderadi have recently shown a big upward trend in the united states .
the us food and drug administration issued a safety warning in may this year , advising diabetes to be careful with the use of worm because scientists published a research report in the new jersey journal on 21 may , saying that this expensive drug would greatly increase the incidence rate and lead to higher incidence rate of patients .
therefore , ms. 's allergy is closely watched by doctors and patients .
statistics show that about one month after the issue of safety warnings , the us drug administration received 357 regular articles , which triggered an adverse reaction , of which 38 were death reports .
in january and february this year , the drug administration received only 50 and 73 adverse reports respectively .
these bad responses are lighter when water blisters are heavily involved in sudden death of heart disease .
however , the drug experts of the us drug administration believe that the results of the conclusion that wen diya 's insecurity is still too long .
the drug administration will hold a seminar on 30 july on wendi 's yaa .
in 1999 , longdu de was a kind of insulin agent , applicable to curing mammal .
around 6 million diabetes patients in the world have taken or are taking wendi .
the british pinyin scottish glaxosmithela has always thought that wen diya is safe and is more profitable than the disease .
us wants to restart middle east peace talks
us president bush delivered a speech in washington on 16 february , calling for a meeting of international meetings on the palestine - israel issue and inviting israel to send a part of the arab countries surrounding israel and other countries concerned to join in pushing forward the resumption of the middle east peace process .
on the 17th , bush also called egyptian president mubarak ii and saudi king hussein respectively , urging them to actively respond to the proposal and support the palestinian national authority chairman abbas with actual deeds to help palestine and israel to resume peace talks as soon as possible .
abbas says the plo central committee will discuss the early palestinian elections
palestinian national authority chairman abbas said in ramallah on 18 may that the central committee of the palestine liberation organization ( plo ) opened on that day and the meeting will discuss the issue of holding an early election of the palestinian national authority and the legislative council .
abbas said that day he met with eu foreign and security officials at the presidential palace in ramallah and expressed his hope that the eu would be able to play a constructive role in the peace process if the plo 's relevant decisions are made .
at the same time , abbas was satisfied with the relations between the palestinian national authority and the eu .
he said : palestine welcomes the eu 's response to the palestinian president 's office .
abbas urged the eu to continue providing humanitarian aid to the palestinian people in gaza .
he reiterated the eu 's support for abbas and the palestinian people .
he said : the issues concerning the united nations , the united states , and russia will hold a meeting on 19 july to discuss the issue of restarting the middle east peace process . in the next few days , the proposal may be proposed .
bremer said that the eu has a positive attitude toward the deployment of international forces in gaza , but it still needs to discuss with other parties , especially with the un .
china 's top legislator wu yi met here wednesday with a delegation of the japan - china association for relations across the taiwan strait ( scmp ) .
jiangxi will provide rural health personnel with awards for 30 years of living in rural areas
over a long period of time , a large number of health professionals and technicians have made contributions to the health undertakings at the grass - roots level and the health of peasants .
jiangxi province recently decided to conduct a special examination of health technicians who have been working in rural areas for 30 years and have been awarded the honorable title of rural public health award .
according to the jiangxi provincial health department , the medical staff of the township and town hospitals , which are run by the government , have a college degree and higher level of secondary medicine and a professional technical staff of medical specialties in elementary and higher health professions . all medical workers who have worked for 30 years in succession or merged in township health institute 's zhiju township 's zhifeng village and yafeng village for more than 30 years are within the scope of the award presentation .
the final settlement time of the first batch is at the end of july .
for qualified rural health personnel , jiangxi province has promulgated health certificates for 30 years , which are worthy of the requirements .
senior professional examinations are qualified in isolation .
the jiangxi provincial health department will arrange a certain number of vacations each year to give them certain funding .
starting this year , jiangxi province will launch a project of engaging in rural health work for 30 years , honors , awards , and recommendation work .
the united states and japan should strengthen cooperation in the field of energy conservation and emissions reduction , said a senior official here thursday .
the us defense department reconsidered the plan to reduce us troops stationed in europe and the united states .
us defense department officials said on 23 march that due to the changes in the iraq war and the world situation , the us defense department is considering a plan to reduce the number of us troops stationed in europe by about half .
the us media quoted a defense official as saying that because the iraq war is still going on and the relations between the united states and russia and iran are deteriorating , the department of defense has raised doubts about the feasibility of reducing the troops stationed in europe .
rumsfeld , then secretary of defense , announced that the united states will send troops to europe by 2012 , from the original 11.00 to the level of troops stationed in europe , in order to build a new army that is short of the current army .
at present , the total strength of the us military stationed in europe and europe has been reduced to such a position as a superior military .
however , in june this year , us military commander in european command james smith submitted a report to the current defense minister , asking questions about the reduction plan .
the report said that the us troops stationed in europe , while reducing their military strength , have been transferred to iraq and afghanistan in turn , causing shortage of us troops stationed in europe and being unable to carry out normal cooperation with european allies .
the report suggests that the us military stationed in europe be stopped .
relevant us experts believe that the above phenomena show that the prolonged war in iraq has caused chaos in the original plan of the us military .
the chinese government has decided to launch a new round of nuclear tests in the western region , a senior official said here thursday .
the jiufeng road safety film sent to the community site of the community was sent to the community .
people 's net , qingdao , july 26 ( reporter song xuechun , fan zhongliang )
to further deepen the development of urban civilization , the three places have enhanced the awareness of the general public on the rule of law and the awareness of traffic safety , and have strengthened their awareness of observing law enforcement . from 20 july to 10 ( august 10 ) , the zhuangjiaxi square of jiuzhou city people 's group on studying law enforcement and management of law enforcement agencies has been established in hong kong .
before the film was launched , the brigade printed the " liaoyuan protecting the life of the broad masses of the people " and some publicity materials to disseminate to the public and broadcast the " warning on life " and " warning on the road to school . "
the curtain on the film has aroused the admiration of residents , and one single of the scenes has given a great warning .
in particular , the special feature film " on the road to school " has enabled me to understand things like a , and has also received a profound education .
the film attracted over 3,000 residents around the square to watch , especially some liuzhou youths and migrant workers , who were sitting in the center of the venue , watching with great relish .
through the delivery of safe films into communities ( units ) , the development of the large number of urban residents ' projects has enabled them to enjoy the film and receive profound education on traffic safety . they are well received by the public , especially the new citizens .
china 's catering industry to gradually implement public health supervision system
to better implement the " food hygiene law " and the " circular of the state council on further strengthening food safety work , " the ministry of health has separately issued a circular on the prevention and treatment of food poisoning in xiandistrict of taishang city , zhejiang province , zhejiang province , luoyang city , henan province , hubei province , baowa county , haifeng county , sichuan province , and other 10 local food hygiene units .
this system will also gradually move toward the entire country .
the catering industry 's health supervision public notice system is a system of supervision over the daily hygiene conditions of food and beverage units , which is a public health certification of quality of food and labelling of food processing , which proves to be healthy by the people .
according to the information , the publicity list will adopt the unified forms and contents of health as stipulated by the ministry of health , and the results of the on - site inspection of the health supervision on the ground of the pla general evaluation results , the name of the regulator , and the telephone number of the customer service unit inspected , and the conspicuous location of the restaurant or restaurant department or entrance of the restaurant - based beverage unit , so as to help the customer understand the health condition of the
the united states and japan should strengthen cooperation in the field of energy conservation and emissions reduction , said a senior official here thursday .
security council decides to extend the peace keeping mission in ethiopia
the un security council unanimously adopted a resolution on 30 june agreeing to send the un peacekeeping force stationed in jerusalem and lithuania ( eerer regiment ) to january next year .
the resolution urged all parties concerned to honor their commitments , exercise restraint , ease the tense situation , and avoid provoking military activities , and urged eritrea to immediately withdraw its troops and its military equipment from the interim security zone , and call on the number of additional military troops deployed in the neighboring areas of the provisional security zone .
the resolution called on the immediate adoption of specific measures to enable the eritrean border committee to quickly mark the border without a circumstance , and to request that the eritrea delayed no longer , to remove all the restrictions on action and operations of the ecuador 's regimes .
the resolution reiterated its full support for the work of the ecuadorian border committee and expressed appreciation for the decision of the council to hold a meeting with the ecuador and eritrea on september 6 in new york .
in 1998 , el saleh and the bordering of a conflict broke out in the border , causing many deaths .
in june 2000 , ethiopia and eritrea signed a cease - fire agreement in algeria 's capital algiers .
the united nations began deploying peacekeeping forces in the ethiopian and eritrea border in july 2001 to oversee the implementation of the cease - fire agreement between the two countries .
the provincial government has decided to set up a provincial government in the province , said a provincial official here today .
the national county - level corps of athletes participating in the olympic games opened
chengdu , june 30 ( staff reporter )
xing xiangyuan 's reporter reporting : to implement the party central committee 's instructions on building a harmonious socialist society and coordinate with the building of a new socialist countryside , the entire people have enriched the cultural and sports life of the masses , and the xiangxi [ national ] county ] level corps has opened in chengdu county on 30 june .
the six - day event attracted 10 county - level men 's zhaoyuan from all parts of the country .
according to the regulations , athletes must be the champion of the competition , aged 18 or above .
all 2006 season games , the management center of the state sports general bureau , may not sign up for the competition .
the latest chinese breath competition , which was examined and approved by the china zhuanga association , is divided into two stages in the preliminary competition and final .
the competition was jointly sponsored by the state sports administration center , the china association for physical culture and sports , and the china international tourism corporation .
in recent years , the ' shuangfu county ' , which has a history of good age , has developed rapidly , and has successively obtained advanced units of physical culture and sports of the masses of the whole country , such as the " feng " series of units of advanced physical culture of the masses of the whole country , which are in advanced counties of physical culture and counties nationwide .
in the construction of new countryside , in particular , shuangfu county has vigorously implemented peasant physical education project , linking the construction of sports facilities with rural areas ' afforestation and beautification , and building the sports ground in rural areas and around peasants , so that the sports service system can cover rural areas , actively popularize the practice of peasants with the special characteristics of rich agricultural products , such as hearing the xi lun , and improving the quality of peasants ' physical education and physical education .
the three major functions of modern military uniform
first is recognition function .
different countries ' armed forces , different services , different services , and different people 's important symbols .
in the more than 100 countries of the world , although the use of military uniform is basically the same , no military uniform of the armed forces of any two countries is completely the same .
second is symbolic function .
to a certain extent , military uniforms are the spiritual characteristics of a country and are the embodiment of the ability of a country 's armed forces to fight operations .
in the eyes of chang chun , a student of the three major categories of military uniforms , the best shows the fighting power of the warlord , the heroic meal of the warrior .
third , the function of protection .
with the rapid development of new and high - tech weapons and equipment , it is necessary to improve the comprehensive protection capability of new - type units , so that the anti - chemical warfare corps of chemical warfare units of anti - chemical warfare corps , and the wet - planting function of temperature reduction has become the most important issue in the development of military uniform .
( shi wei )
the party committee organs of a certain brigade have acted as if they were too weak in handling problems .
chengdu , 3 jul ( jiefangjun bao ) -- a reporter :
yang guiyu reported that us can live here our homework , benefiting from the qing room of the party committee organs of the great brigade .
today , a certain communications training brigade of the chengdu military region has received more than 10 cadres from qiaozhen , who are the first party committee members of the great team who dare to solve the problem of a tough manner and dare to solve the problem . they are filled with admiration and attachment .
a few years ago , with the appearance of personnel , the house of some of the houses of this brigade was overtaken by regulations , making it difficult for on - the - job cadres to have housing problems and the officers and men to have a relatively large opinion about this .
the brigade also had several times before , and they could not stop doing so because of various obstructions . this problem became a big and difficult problem .
if you are so bold and resembling , you cannot resolve the difficult problem .
the new party committee leading body reached a consensus , and the principal leaders personally started to thoroughly sort out all problems of illegal occupation of houses .
they were like a crying , and hope that relevant personnel were concerned , they talked about the + yuan hua [ yuan qing ] army 's building and the relevant policy regulations on the affordable housing of the economy , and they expressed the party committee 's firm determination and principled stand .
for some housing units that do not want to withdraw from the surplus housing units , the party committee organs promptly made contact with the units where they are located and adopted corresponding measures to urge them to take the initiative in cooperating with the military units .
after two months of meticulous work , all the houses in violation of regulations were moved out on schedule , and the cadres at the brigade got a housing in accordance with the regulations .
the party committee of this brigade has the courage to confront the tough style and has produced a generous effect . the original number of cadres who did not want to actively coordinate with the organization assignments have now expressed their willingness to subordinate themselves to the organization 's decisions .
chinese defense minister meets bangladesh guests
beijing , july 9 ( jiefangjun bao )
reporter zhang shun reported : lieutenant general qiao qingchen , commander of the air force of the central military commission , met with visiting bangladesh air force chief of staff qi ao [ name as transliterated ] and his party in beijing today .
qiao said that since the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and bangladesh , bilateral relations have been developing smoothly , with frequent high - level exchanges and cooperation in various fields .
the two countries have always supported each other in international affairs and in their national construction , they have supported each other and have cooperated closely with each other .
china appreciates and thanks bangladesh for its support for china on issues such as taiwan 's human rights and tibet .
qiao qingchen said that the chinese army treasures the friendly relations with the bangladesh army and hopes to further expand the friendly cooperation between the two armed forces and strengthen the friendly exchanges and cooperation between the two air forces through the joint efforts of both sides .
qi said bangladesh will make efforts to further develop the friendly and cooperative relations between the armed forces of the two countries , especially the air forces of the two countries .
he reiterated that the bangladesh government will , as always , adhere to the one - china policy .
prior to the meeting , qiao qingchen held a welcoming ceremony for the visit .
qi arrived in beijing on july 8 for a four - day official goodwill visit at qiao 's invitation .
the 7 - point military uniform designer is a guest of china 's military network
beijing , 13 jul -- yang baojin , a reporter from jinyang city , reported : all units of the armed forces will be replaced by 07 military uniform from 1 august .
this evening , china military net specially invited military materials needed by the air force unit , chen jun , deputy director of the armament bureau , and senior engineer of the army equipment research institute , su yang , a fighter of the army uniform department , and su huiliang , a netizen inside and outside the army , to evoke repercussions among the internet users .
the two guests are : the development of military uniforms , which is directly developed .
on the changes in the new uniform , they said that the 07 military uniform is a special unit for the replacement of the old armor on the basis of 97 - type units . in the series of military uniforms , the improvement has reached as many as several hundred .
the biggest characteristic of the 07 military uniform is its embodiment of its characteristics as a result of its establishment of personnel , bringing our military uniform to the series of serial poles , signifying the level of military uniform building , a historic leap .
the two guests also exchanged views on the new army uniform type , the problem of the yan bao , the new army uniform , and other issues with netizens .
the current charion was jointly developed by the chinese military net and the fengyun net of china .
the fengtai platoon has raised the quality of the armed forces .
the pla navy 's general armament department announced on 18 june that a batch of advanced collectives and individuals from jing jiang , jiangsu province , were transferred to xiai town armed forces department by lu yuqing , minister of the armed forces of xiai town , for " winning informatized warfare " under the condition of informatization . the cadets received unanimous training .
this is a mechanized unit that has applied pressure on cadres at the posts in light of the reality of their work posts , and has exerted efforts to improve the overall quality of the military cadres .
early this year , the party committee of the people 's armed forces department found out during its investigation and study at the grass - roots level that some cadres working for posts , including corps commander and concurrently serving in military posts , did not concentrate their main energy on armed work .
for this reason , they have adopted the method of training students through centralized training and relying on local party schools to train specialized military cadres on a regular basis , and have devoted great efforts to resolving problems such as narrowness of knowledge among cadres .
in light of the central task , we should boldly give cadres a task to them , and improve their abilities to work at their posts .
at the same time , they actively coordinated local organization departments and jointly formulated the " plan for hiring cadres with specialized arms " , explicitly providing that armed forces ministers must be placed in party committees of zhaoju and no longer in other posts .
we have established a mechanism for readjusting and exchanging cadres , which makes those young people who do not meet the needs of the armed forces at the grassroots level , promptly readjusted and exchanged them , and promoted and used them in a satisfactory manner .
not long ago , chen yi - song , director of the new century warrior company , led the militia technology detachment in innovating and developing underwater vessels , thus filling a domestic shortage of vessels and upgrading them into the department of the armed forces of the company .
good will must first be good at end
judging by the results of the competition alone , the score of 2 to 2 is reasonable , and is also acceptable to it , the key lies in the process of the competition , and how many regrets it .
if the iranian team is 2 - 0 ahead , then the score will be equal , which gives china a different feeling , will be very long .
good will never come to an end . one can say that it is a bad thing .
the likes are often under circumstances .
this is indeed a feather that is good at all .
however , from today 's competition , it seems that it is not so bad .
sun jihai , sun jixiang , director of xiongyuan and others , has played a role in europe , but li wei and others are also the veteran players of the long - time classical field . they can see that they know many things and do not have any problem in their psychological quality according to reason .
this regret was forced to quit by the iranian team , and probably was caused by the dispatch of troops to the scene .
the iranian team is in a backward condition and has changed to two , and the situation has immediately become a reality .
i was also replaced by three good soldiers in the second half , but the effect was not good .
overcome the problem of being good at the start and not being good at the end , and find the root of the problem .
so long as the problems are accurately identified and the methods of correcting the problems are not difficult to find .
they are afraid of going to the hospital in a hurry .
if this goes on , then , it will be a problem of getting more competitive , and will still be committed . if we cannot talk about a further match that everyone is looking forward to .
the ministry of public security has awarded a class 2 collective title to the guangdong frontier defense hospital .
shenzhen , july 18 ,
mr li reported : " for many years , the hospital of guangdong border defense command has achieved outstanding results in providing medical support to the needy , while at the same time providing medical support to the needy .
this morning , the ministry of public security awarded the title of honorary collective second batch of outstanding deeds of the guangdong border defense corps hospital and the advanced deeds of supporting the government and cherishing the people in shenzhen .
the guangdong frontier defense hospital is a unit which has built social harmony , which has successively built the baoji [ zhuenghua ] three baoan [ bji ] hospital for workers from other areas , and the fee for personnel from other places is only one yuan , and the fee for medical surgery can be reduced by 8 percent .
the hospital has specially equipped a jeeps , which provides free service to migrant workers , and has introduced health service units for rural laborers , which only needs seven yuan a month .
this measure , which benefited the farmers , has benefited more than 12,000 .
from the du , the hospital also launched a " thousand lights " large - scale diagnosis activity , organized eight times , medical and health personnel to zhuogou , jiangxi , hebei , and others to send their health to guangming , to the hospitals for nearly 3,000 cases of food handicapped , thus enabling patients to see brightness again .
the armed police force will change its 7 - minute clothes on 1 august .
beijing , july 19 - - liu zhifeng , a reporter from zhuangfeng zhang jianjun said : the armed police force will replace the 7 - style clothes with the new - style clothes beginning on august 1 .
today , this reporter has learned from the 7 july fashion show and the activity of dressing in the armed police units that there are a total of 7 models of chang - chang mechanized training and signifying the 4 - category martial symbol .
gartuo is made up of olive green , and is now being reshaped into deep olive green , folk and pants . its overall design is strong . with regard to the establishment of the model , it is based on the national costume standard .
the female officers and men 's feast covers , eaves , caps , and grapes are changed from the leading type to the operation of command type , the structure of the rubber structure of the xia ruined , and the long - march appearance of the spring and autumn frames .
the new name list of national defense servicemen and a ribbon for re - designing the red hat of the army 's combat readiness , as well as the re - designing red army badge and seal , have enhanced the garments identification function and enhanced the beauty .
the armed police force 's 07 costume will be replaced in three years .
before august 1 , 2007 , xiangju cadre and national flag team , which is synchronous with the pla units , had presented gifts to the corps of engineering workers , and the units stationed in beijing area , as well as the units stationed in beijing .
duan youwei was a student of other units in xichang , a symbol of the spring and autumn harvests of other soldiers .
du october is a winter feast .
in december 2009 , the soldiers were replaced by winter uniforms .
after the season of training was replaced gradually .
the young pioneer of a certain base , a small fraternal cooperative area ,
the reporters of this paper , xue bingjian , xu youqing , report : the unit of direct - stream command , which is a unit that has achieved little success in its self - study , will become a history of a certain base of the second artillery corps .
the reporter has recently learned that after six months of trial - point work , the base has issued the ' implementation measures for implementing the ' program for ideological and political education ' , ' covering the several areas of ideological and political education cooperation in all small , scattered , and remote units of the base , and has formally begun operation .
and make new contributions to promoting the effective implementation of the " program on ideological and political education . " the base organized forces at the beginning of this year to conduct in - depth investigation and study , affecting and restricting the educational personnel 's efforts to carry out their studies , and initially formed a new educational model for units in scattered and remote areas .
the specific method of the cooperative zone is to break the demarcation line between units and designate a brigade or regiment level unit in a relatively centralized film area of small scattered units , to make unified planning for the themed education plan and for different subordinate units to different affiliated relationships to discuss on the basis of near - class hearing or through distance - distance discussion of the physique system .
adopting the method of combining breast competition for posts , it has carried out unified deployment of educational forces , unified use of educational hardware in the district , sharing experiences of various units , sharing experience in data section , regular periodic typical roving reports on how officers and men have studied .
each co - operation zone has a grant of education for students and students of the information department .
on this basis , various coordination zones have established major projects for seeking assistance from impulse , such as giving publicity to education , and conducting assessment of the emergency state of mind of the communists .
zhang shengmin , director of the base 's political department , told this reporter that establishing a political education cooperation zone has not only reduced the waste of educational resources but also deepened the effect of education .
some political fears are lost in front of officers and men of foreign units , and they take the initiative to study new knowledge - seeking education methods .
the officers and men who receive education are also enthusiastic about education , fearing that they will discuss and analyze foreign affairs before officers and men of the neighboring units .
such a kind of breath and impulse have been effectively stimulated .
a certain brigade under the north sea fleet has all the troops sent out to the soldiers .
the pla navy 's general staff headquarters held a meeting in xi'an , a general engineer of a corps of mechanized units under the north sea fleet , on 17 july . 31 fighters of a regiment who have been working on long periods of time happily descending to the beidaihe train from the frontline are scheduled to embark on their journey .
luo xiangming , a grade 6 officer , told this reporter with pleasure : leaders of the regiment are concerned about and cherish soldiers . after we came back , we must work hard !
the grassroots soldiers of xiangyuan were the first to organize this brigade .
not long ago , yao xiangsheng went down to the grass roots to see some soldiers responsible for their armament maintenance work braving the command system , which greatly moved her students .
the soldiers who forget to work in their own lives should care for and care for soldiers and be responsible for the health of soldiers .
after studying the issue , the party committee decided to distribute the quota of the unit to the soldiers working on the front line .
the work of a certain unit under the jinan military region has been open ,
the pla navy 's air force division has been conducting a joint search operation in the south china sea .
wang weiqin 's special operations brigade : on 25 july , the reporters found a mu of ceramics in a unit of the jinan military region that had been awarded the army 's project bidding for financial expenses and cadres to be promoted to the rank of noncommissioned officers , and so on , and they were hang in a showroom .
according to su chengsen , political commissar of the regiment , this is a concrete measure adopted by the unit to promote the system of opening affairs to the public .
the party committee of this unit has formulated a " program for two - way supervision of grassroots organizations " for strengthening party style and clean government building , and other measures such as " public notices on sensitive issues " ; it has required all major issues involving the immediate interests of officers and men at the grass - roots level to make a decision after the immediate interests of officers and men have been determined , and it depends on the results of work standards and procedures that are open to the public .
the unit has set up a bread , which opened up a sprawl on the ground , and has extensively solicited opinions and suggestions from everyone .
early this year , soldiers ' dormitory renovation project began . before the project was started , the party committee organs extensively solicited the opinions of officers and men and then issued a tender information and put into practice an open bidding system .
they have saved money and won the support of officers and men .
handling affairs in an open and fair manner has brought about the formation of a good atmosphere in grassroots units .
in this unit , grass - roots companies , regardless of whether they are sensitive issues or whether they are small to individual cases of daily expenses for vacation or for other items , have all persisted in publishing regular publicity and conscientiously subject themselves to the supervision of the masses .
( international ) research shows that houses are related to two genes .
xinhua news agency , july 2 , london - - through research , icelandic scientists found that the risk of faulty buildings of the people of the two genes is far higher than that of ordinary people .
according to the latest issue of " nature " magazine , the funeral of the research personnel of the hong kong academy of social sciences in sweden and the several thousand people from hong kong , china , have been tested to find the above discovery .
the two genes and the heart early have an important role to play in the scientists ' discovery .
the house was shaking , the shock of the clinical depression , which could lead to a hurling breath and impaired mammal and impaired pawl .
according to the " natural genetics " magazine published on 1 july , the circulation of money by researchers of the zhuoguan company , which declassified the genetics of the human chrome no. 17 , has found two genes related to the cancer of the pregnant cancer , and they have played a certain role in the adenadcent cancer cases of more than one - third of the proprietary cancer cases .
the study also found that one of the genes is playing an important role in raising the risk of human - born adult cancer , while at the same time reducing the risk of endurance .
( sports ) american veteran goalkeepers ' cup of america may retire
xinhua news agency , marajima , venezuela , july 3 , by wire ( reporter jian liu )
according to reports by the venezuelan media on the 3rd , 37 - year - old keeler , who was a member of the team , said in an interview that if the united states failed to find a suitable club after the match , he would choose to retire .
if the match between the united states and australia ends four to six weeks after the finals , i still cannot get a high level of team 1 to 2 , then retired may be my best choice .
with the arrival of the gograd , the team fell into germany , and kelle left the team which had served two multi - purpose teams .
although keller had a hand to pay , he was obviously not worried about his family who had to marry him . he himself currently has as many as eight teams intending to invite him to his teammates .
however , this aide who had served west 's english and german armies said that he was in the end determined by the family , my children , and i have already been working with me for nine years . he was waiting with me in three different countries and had three different schools .
at the recent gold cup , kelly played a good game and helped the team win .
the american cup , which is held in the united states , is still being appointed by the head coach , bradley , but niger is hard to master four skills , using the young enemy 's wei army 's expedition , is not the weaker opponent like argentina 's bayou . two matches , which he has been on the alert , have been put on the seven large hole that he has been put into the mess .
the next match for columbia will probably be the champion of the team and kelle in the final performance of the american cup .
china 's top mobile phone firm to land on china market
xinhua news agency report of july strength from ottawa - according to a report by canada 's " global post " , after eight years , the black - minded money of the canadian company of mastery has finally been approved into the chinese market . the first black - line cell phone will be listed in china at the end of august .
chief executive of + brothers
the global post quoted the word " zhuangqiu " as a manager of beijing 's zhuhai office , saying that the black strawberry 8700g smart cell phone will land on the chinese market at the end of august , and the price is about $ 700 . it has received 5,000 orders .
bob sisy said that the company 's cell phone listing last week has caused people to pay more attention to smartphone as a competitor of ikoh , and that black cell phones are now sold in more than 100 countries around the world .
according to statistics , in the first quarter of this year , the number of households engaged in zhuhai cell phones increased to 1.2 million , and the number of subscribers reached 9,000 .
spain : her husband murdered his wife
xinhua news agency , july 7 , a spanish woman was attacked by monsoon , and she pulled out her maiden face , and discovered that the murderer was her husband , and the police have arrested him .
according to reports in the local media on the 6th , the woman was working in a bakery in the city of valencia .
one day , a masked man was seen as a robbery .
but the man did not take money , but pinned the neck of this woman , thinking about her .
she wanted to use the way she died to transport her jewelry , but the man did not release her , or did she beat her neck .
during the struggle , that woman was involved in a mask , but discovered that person was her husband .
the culprit was arrested by the police .
the victim told the media that because of her discomfort , she and her husband were in the process of divorce , and they had two children .
13 pilots resign from china eastern airlines ' countercharges against loss
wuhan , july 11 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to launch a new round of reform of the administrative system for the rural areas in the western region in the future
13 pilots demanded resignation . zhuhai aviation company , china 's dongfang airline , ltd. has opened a huge compensation amount of as much as 105 - million yuan . this is the largest case of labor dispute in hubei province so far .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee is currently examining the case .
in may this year , 13 pilots of the china eastern airlines company successively submitted their resignation and were refused by the company .
after that , the pilot successively submitted a proposal to the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee in early june , requesting the ruling to terminate the labor relations with the china eastern airlines .
china eastern airlines , after receiving their briefings , proposed a counterappeal , demanding 13 pilots to pay wages to them for the loss caused by their labor contracts that had violated labor contracts and to some 6 million yuan to over 10 million yuan or more , and nt $ 0.5 billion .
it is understood that the pilot and china eastern airlines signed a fixed - term labor contract . except for the terms of termination or dissolution of the labor contract , the effect of the labor contract will continue to be the statutory retirement age of the pilot .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee made an appeal and sternly tried the case , and is expected to end the hearing before 8 august .
germany calls for russia to pass lashkar border treaty
xinhua news agency , july 12 , riga ( by yang dehong ) - visiting german foreign minister steinmeier called on russia to pass the larceny border treaty as soon as possible .
steinmeier held talks with foreign minister paeus on the same day , during which the two sides discussed the relationship between rad and the cooperation between the eu and other issues and exchanged views on the development of relations between russia and the eu and russia .
at a news conference after the talks , steinmeier called on russia to pass the laser - russia border treaty as soon as possible .
steinmeier said that , as well as the entire countries in the region and russia , the pace of improving their relations is relatively slow , and the signing of the laser - russia relationship has witnessed the course of development , but the retrogression of history has also testified to the effect of the larceny - russian relations , hoping that russia can pass the treaty on the russian - russian border as soon as possible to promote the development of bilateral relations .
on 27 march this year , after 10 years of negotiations , premier of the motion picture , prime minister calvis tadisith and russian prime minister mikov signed a border treaty in moscow .
on 17 may , the rajya parliament passed a border treaty between the two countries .
according to reports by the media , the russian parliament will vote on the treaty in the near future .
dprk , rok to hold sixth round of six - party talks
pyongyang , july 16 ( xinhua ) the democratic people 's republic of korea ( dprk ) is the only country in the world that has a history of peace and development .
the dprk and rok military representatives held a military meeting in banchong on 16 june . the two sides agreed to hold the sixth round of talks between the army level and the army level on 24 and 26 july .
according to reports from the central news agency , pak chae - chu , a representative of the dprk military , put forward the proposal of sending a warship to yinping island in the western waters of the western region , to baoping island , and explained in detail its reasons .
he said that to establish a common neighborhood , it is necessary to implement to the maximum the common prosperity and common interests of all ethnic groups and the principle of ensuring peaceful and stable operations .
speaking on the existence of such a border between the two sides , park linzhu said : to prevent a military conflict between the two sides in the western waters , the two sides should abandon the maritime boundaries that they have upheld so far , acknowledge and respect each other , and regard the dprk 's territorial waters and regard the korean agreement as the basis for international consultations .
he said : formulating military guarantee measures in a timely manner to promote cooperation and exchange between the dprk and rok is a long - held stand of the dprk military .
he said : the rok side should take military measures to ensure the non - governmental ship of the dprk can sail directly from haizhou port to the south and freely pass through the strait of chezhou .
this is the second round of the dprk - rok military talks held recently since the 10 th of this month .
the fifth round of talks between the dprk and the rok was held from 8 to 11 may at the united chuang court , one of the parties of the dprk 's chuang dynasty .
( international ) modern automobile denies intention to purchase wolfowitz
xinhua news agency , july 18 , seoul , july 18 - a spokesman for the hyundai motor company of south korea said on the 18th that the company has no intention to purchase any wolawawer or jeju automobile company 's brand name .
the " sunday times " and the " new york times " both reported a few days ago that volvo might sell .
the " sunday times " even claimed in its report that the hyundai motor company of south korea is a potential source of wolfowitz .
a spokesman for hyundai said that we are very concerned about the acquisition of wolibao or lu hu , and modern automobile is busy implementing its expansion plan , which is simply too busy to mention his brother 's health .
in 1999 , $ 6.45 - billion was spent on purchasing wolfowitz brand from the wolfowitz group in sweden .
at present , wal - vo and jewelah are all subordinate to the chief automobile group ( si ) of wolfowitar and others .
in march this year , the loss of us $ 8.4l sold out the money - losing money - - - zhuan , a subsidiary of the us dollar - - - last month , it also indicated that it was considering selling the tiger and the czech leprosy .
cuba 's fist beat taiwan 's rope in a short time
xinhua news agency , rio de janeiro , july 21 ( reporters chen weihua , lingtong )
on 21 february , the cuban delegation visited the pan mei sports meet and rope was too short , which would affect the performance of the fists .
according to the rules of the international fist federation , the rope of the rope on the stage of the international competition should be 6.1 meters . however , according to the rings of the cuban delegation 's peter pandelroke , the rope of the pan american fist 's fist was shorter than the standard of one meter .
roker said : we have submitted a formal protest because this incident is not an issue affecting a country in cuba , but is related to all .
the rope is too short to affect the dazzling action of fists .
he said : if we were to find a jewelry in the rope that could not meet the olympic standards , we could find it everywhere .
as we have long known , we brought our from cuba .
the mexican delegation also attacked the rope in fists on the same day .
columbia fist juan olige dobby won the first battle , but he said : although i won the first match , i won the first match , but the fists were so narrow that i felt that the sixty - one battle style of columbia is not narrow .
dabriel milk sugar reexport orders overseas
xinhua news agency , july 24 , shanghai ( by xu shousong and yu lihong ) - - reporters learned from guansheng yuan ( group ) company ltd. that the daya rabbit milk sugar , which once had been used in shanghai 's port , recently resumed exports . many overseas bands have demanded orders .
the guanxi [ name as transliterated ] company of honourable lin qingrong [ name as transliterated ] of funan company in singapore recently sent a telegraph group , saying that because the results of the investigation of the nongmium in singapore 's grain production and formaldehyde are not included , they can be sold in normal fashion on the market , and therefore demand their orders .
the kuo feng company of kuangsheng in malaysia has demanded the crown prince to send a large bamboo from shanghai to malaysia .
the crown prince 's hong kong five - man trading company limited also called crown prince , hong kong 's food safety centre , to collect rabbit djelabeth samples from hong kong and confirmed that the formaldehyde components were non - formaldehyde .
hsbc has received a notification from china resources hong kong , deciding to restore its sales of over 100 large amount of beef sugar in hong kong .
it is understood that the zhuhai port 's 10 large belligerent milk sugar has gradually resumed exports .
at present , seven containers of the dabahara djelaba is being developed to singapore 's brother li ju , malaysia 's si , the united states , and other countries .
britain 's bomb threat rises , says police
london , july 26 ( xinhua ) british police announced on july 26 that in mid - july , criminal suspects of manufacturing british jeeps and procured bombs from britain were arrested in kairerlo county on the 23rd .
the police said that this person called pu meike , 51 , was an unemployed person , and he would be extorted and fabricated bombs .
on the afternoon of 14 july ( xiji ) , 14 feibao in britain was shot by police because of the threat of a bomb , and it was not resumed operation until the next day .
" it is the peak time for british people to procure , at the time when the 14 biggest british companies shut down , the loss of the moneymarkets income from such sales .
the british police then took a criminal investigation into the bombing incident and announced that no terrorist activities were found in the incident , but there might be some economic motives behind it .
( sports ) changing the color period is the season of the olympic games in beijing .
xinhua news agency , july 28 , beijing ( reporter cui junqiang ) when the olympic games are held next year , humid beijing is expected to become a oceanic city .
through changing the use of funds and other technical means , scientific research personnel have found a good policy to add colors to the olympics .
the summer olympics games in beijing on 28 june , the new varieties of varieties and varieties of varieties of the olympic games , came to the conclusion from the evaluation of experts that the method of promoting the control and cultivation of new technologies can naturally be used in different varieties or varieties of varieties that may be brought up in the summer months , and the best result of the beijing olympic games in august .
in beijing summer , they usually could only see more than 10 types of flourishing , most of which are either withered or still not yet reached the level of enveloping .
through efforts , the scientific research personnel selected 206 varieties of olympic games , totaling more than 400 varieties .
at the zhuhai park in beijing , the olympic games demonstration of 2007 , which was held at the haidian park in beijing , the first anniversary of the countdown was completed . a group of advanced scientific and technological personnel who had been able to naturally open up their 80 s will greet the prestigious harvests with their hopes .
turkish ruling party wins parliamentary elections
xinhua news agency , july 30 , toronto ( by wang jian ) - the election of the supreme election commission of turkey , which was announced on the 30th , showed that the ruling justice and development party won 341 of the 550 seats , once again obtaining the party 's right to manage things .
at the parliamentary election held on 22 july , the main opposition party , the republican party , won the seats .
the national action party won 71 seats in the election .
apart from the three political parties mentioned above , 26 are elected congressmen .
turkey 's new parliament will hold its first meeting in august .
all members of the parliament will be sworn in and will begin to perform their duties .
the parliament will vote without a voting to elect a new speaker .
the turkish parliamentary election was originally scheduled to be held in november , but in the presidential election at the end of april , because the opposition parties belong to the only candidate , who is also the deputy prime minister and minister of foreign affairs of the development party , to resist it , resulting in a presidential election defeat and the parliamentary election ahead of schedule .
