white house urges early deployment of nuclear inspectors to monitor north korea 's closing of nuclear reactors
the white house today called for the dispatching of nuclear inspectors to oversee the closure of the nuclear reactor , while the white house was talking about the phone with us president bush and south korean president roh moo - hyun .
the white house national security council spokesman strongly pointed out that the two leaders today discussed issues concerning the relations between the united states and south korea on nuclear issues , and hoped that the iaea would examine the matter quickly and return to north korea to supervise north korea 's nuclear reactor 's operation and siding with sirens .
the eloquent pointed out that the two presidents also expressed their support for the us - south korea free trade agreement signed yesterday and will strive to ensure that the two countries ' congress ratify the agreement .
experts believe that pyongyang has been a very good country for over 20 years to manufacture plutonium .
the six - party talks on the korean peninsula nuclear issue left unsolved obstacles to peace and stability in the region , said hill , special envoy of the six - party talks , last week in pyongyang .
the huge rains in western india killed 43
the indian ocean was hit by heavy rainstorm during the weekend , and in some areas , the waves in the western region , and the streets across the country were respectfully opened .
the rescue officials said today that the incident caused 43 people .
every six to september , the quarterly bulletin brought about by the wind often leads to a population of 1.1 billion in india , which is a flood of flooding , and even casualties .
the heavy rain , half of the victims , was impacted by floods and drowning , and other things were moved by calls due to house and music .
the indian financial center also received a respectful reception .
in the 29 th incident , the statue of deng xiaoping , 43 percent higher than the acrobatics .
the chief executive , mr bakarta , said that he had lost thirteen deaths .
the city government has urged citizens to make investment in housing construction in the western part of the country in order to protect their own safety .
yesterday the rain was slightly interesting , most areas still under water today .
india 's drops 500 lives
according to the information provided by officials and media , the number of deaths caused by haoyu has climbed to 4-400 people this year .
sir gordon quoted the remarks by the government 's chief and reconstruction minister , kadan , as saying that the recent week of various provinces in india have entered the era of multi - lateral contacts , resulting in casualties and economic losses across the country and india alone , the first largest city in india , raja province , which currently has known as 3-3 deaths .
the report pointed out that the king made a mistake when inspecting the incident and made the above remarks to the media .
he said : at the same time , it is the biggest cotton producing country in india , and the whole country is vast in the ocean . there are 27 towns and townships , and about 130 countries suffering serious water problems , more than 10,000 victims were passed away , from among 10,000 victims .
india 's territory is from the south to the north , and it began to enter the region one week ago . the residents of various provinces have all held a long mood of greeting the rainy season with a dry green , but they have not seen the situation as a whole , ferocious , rainy , highway , low - lying areas , highway , and road , paralyzing the traffic , and so far nearly 500 people have died of misfortune in statistics .
wen jiabao said : the chinese government has always attached great importance to the development of the relations between the two countries .
the spanish red tian king made a speech at a luncheon sponsored by the men 's singles four today .
georgia 's parliament , which won the first round in the 16 th national championship and the eight , had been called to guard against injury during the match . he was tired into the third set today because of a burst of water , and asked for emergency guard treatment . later , he was unable to take care of the team and decided to abandon the race .
fourth - seeded georgovic retreat , and the original 3 - 6 competitors go a bit higher than the second - seed napoleon , which was a 4 - fold lead .
nice , apart from the first place of the race , was too slow , and was interrupted by a situation , two sisters , three set war situations were on the rise .
satellite - related problems
the us think tank , science and international security research institute , reported today that commercial satellites show that iran is currently developing nuclear weapons near the nagitz uranium enrichment facility , possibly to be used to protect nuclear equipment when it encounters an air raid .
these things are made up of the united states ( lonely and extravagant ) in june 11 .
the institute has a research institute in washington and is a non - profit research organization .
the
analysts albright said that the united states and britain had agreed to strengthen their contacts in a report that the cross - tunnels were not clear , but the idea of making a noise seems to be connected to a tunnel facility , and another road may also lead to the siee approach to cham 's + hue .
they said : " this type of thing has been digested in a tunnel in the mountain and will play an excellent role in protecting itself when conducting air raids . "
un special envoy to hold nuclear talks with iran
the un international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) said today that it will continue to strengthen cooperation with iran in the nuclear field .
however , iranian president ahmadinejad 's remarks on further sanctions at the un are growing and still stubbornly resisting them .
ahmadinejad 's remarks that iran will not stop uranium enrichment , but welcome this latest round of talks .
he said : the installation of acrobatics may slow down or accelerate , which is a problem of enforcement , but no one should expect that we abandon our rights , and we will not stop moving towards this direction .
he made the above remarks when he arrived at sining in haiining .
haiinen 's visit is aimed at formulating a plan to promote the development of iran 's nuclear program .
the united nations has been unable to freeze uranium enrichment work because of its failure to impose two sets of sanctions on iran .
sir gordon , iran news agency , iran 's top national security council responsible for international affairs , news agency reported
iran 's talks team members also include the deputy chairman of the iaea , the iaea , and the iaea ambassador to the iaea , sassaniye .
the difference between the two countries is that the two sides have more interesting political policies .
the palestinian authorities have misled the world by sizing up a month after the suicide bombings in the gaza strip .
the agricultural and social affairs minister , hhabachi , told afp that prime minister fauher proposed resignation to chairman abbas and the chairman accepted it , and also urged abbas to be responsible for handling the new cabinet government 's daily administration .
abbas ' humor told afp that france and yajah had quietly ordered him to perform his current duties until he started to make new government .
the government has the respect of the economic scholar , fahd , who has made the resignation , but he has only made a resignation in the program , and will not shake his position as the prime minister .
france and yar'adua led the palestinian emergency cabinet since 17 last month to implement the acrobatics declaration announced the decision on a constitutional order after violence .
according to the basic law of the palestinian autonomous government , the proposal of allowing the referendum to take place in the palestinian autonomous region will not exceed 30 days , but the current parliament is paralyzed .
the emergency government 's authorization expired today .
the wto representative 's new case broke the doha round of talks
the wto 's main negotiator today proposed that the united states drastically cut subsidies for agriculture , and developing countries cut the import tariffs on industrial products by a big margin so as to break the deadlock in the doha round of trade talks .
the official said that the new version of the bill demands that the united states give more subsidies to agriculture to us dollar than 1-----20 - million us dollars , while developing countries reduce the import tariffs on industrial products to below the appendage .
these proposals are aimed at breaking the current impasse in the dushanbe round of talks over the past six years and bringing about a compromise agreement among wto members .
the wto secretary general said that these proposals were made by the arbitrary decision made by the wto secretary - general and the fair and reasonable basic framework of the wto guidance agreement .
lamy said : the statesmen expressed no objection to the proposal , but the result of the discriminatory problem at present is very much less than the issue that has been resolved by the two countries .
he called for the establishment of a intensive negotiations in the next few weeks .
the strong earthquake affected production day in japan , cars or sisters ,
japan has been strongly hit by earthquakes , causing zero shortage , and disputes between daily production and other car manufacturers said today that they would even suspend production of domestic cars .
japan 's trade deficit with rari - magic , and automobile manufacturers ' polyskoe - making company was forced to suspend operation of tokyo 's huoxin factory because of this .
the world 's most popular car , a famous businesswoman , said , " this evening till the 21st , will be suspended from domestic automobile production .
nissan 's spokesman , nakasone , said that the daily output of japanese - made shoichi plants will be suspended from the day until the 23rd , and the weekend will be reassessed .
he said : the two factories have two main lines , one in which , one in influence , but the company 's next month may increase the number of rotating classes to make up for the backward production progress .
suzuki said that starting tomorrow , the three - day production of some products and the production of the hue 's japanese fuji company will also suspend production tomorrow .
the acrobatic car said that it may suspend some dependants for supply next week .
the earthquake caused the least 10 people to die , and the human injury caused by the earthquake , hundreds of houses , and forced factories in the disaster areas to stop .
the phenomenon of making purchases by phone in order that indonesia cancels the sales of green bags
today ,
the oil - producing area at the piaze of indonesia 's piercing zone said : the city of indonesia has made its unique contribution to the lifting of environmental - protection bags in view of the incident in hong kong .
if the people are willing to spend a day of 140,000 lugar ( about 40,000 new taiwan dollars ) , it will be better if they do n't have that price .
hello , hong kong people gathered at the sales booth on 6 june to buy a private car made by the famous british home , nyyajie , with a headline in the design of the " green bag " i did not go out of the whole bag , but the shop refused and sparked the flow .
the new model , with environmental protection as the pursuit , replaced the bags . it was unexpectedly that it became a popular index in london and new york , triggering off buying and auction website ey 's price flagging to 0 times .
the only one who has been sold in indonesia , and the third one , the statue , said it is uncertain whether it will be sold in a few days .
the hostage crisis is riddling with south korea
afghanistan
with the passage of time , one second , the situation has developed positively , and south korean officials today for the first time held talks with the organization .
however , at the same time , organizations said that another person who was kidnapped was very weak . he began to fall and lose consciousness .
prc fm spokeswoman urges germany to withdraw troops from afghanistan beijing , july 15
hello , a spokeswoman for this incident , armitage , said in a telephone interview with afp : we have experienced through the tribes who are directly related to south korea 's representatives .
the amady said : we hope that the talks will yield results .
hello , hong kong time ( 0745 gmt ) .
the two times have been postponed .
the dispute over sea waters cannot reach a consensus the two koreas ' military talks dispersed
as the sea area is divided by the maritime territories , the three - day south - north high - level military talks between the two koreas are not in a jubilant atmosphere today .
in border cities , the forum held in panmunjon today entered the final day of the talks , and north korea 's chief representative kim jung - yung ( transliteration ) said : we have reached a conclusion that no longer need to be followed by talks with those talks that have no result .
the rise was made on the face of the face and the face was obviously unhappy , and it deliberately makes trouble on the border area of new maritime area , replacing the discussion of the original version of the bei lines .
he pointed out that the hiking line was not legal .
the hue of the bus 's hiking line is a bridge between the us military after the korean war ended in 1953 , but it has become the focus of the two koreas ' disputes in recent years , and north korea even refused to admit it .
north korea said south korea 's violation of laws in the waters caused tension , and south korea said that the accusation was unfounded .
the local waters were damaged when a clash broke out in june 1999 , causing dozens of north korean crew members .
comparing june 2002 with a similar incident , six south koreans unfortunately died .
us finance secretary arrives in china for environmental protection and exchange rate
us secretary of treasury powell arrived in china yesterday for a visit , and the united states is going all out to persuade china to further carry out the necessary economic reform and environmental protection work , especially the issue of the renminbi exchange rate , which has attracted much attention .
the us diplomatic personnel said that the first trip to northwest china by powell was initiated by the hue in qinghai , a large province in northwest china .
china is currently the biggest developing country in the world , and it is implementing a series of environmental protection programs .
" we are going to beijing today to hold talks with chinese officials in charge of the matter , " baukorn told reporters in beijing today .
the us - china strategic economic dialogue mainly discussed economic issues such as environmental protection , and the most important thing is the issue of the renminbi exchange rate . us congressmen think that renminbi is too undervalued .
the us - china trade deficit is rapidly rising , and the pressure inside the united states is gradually rising , and congressmen are prepared to take retaliatory actions to counter their so - called china unfair trade policy .
the us senate finance committee overrides a bill last week , demanding that the treasury recognize that money rate is totally misestimated .
the us congressmen said that the renminbi is undervalued , and china 's goods sold to the united states are very much , which has aggravated the trade imbalance between the united states and china last year , and the us trade deficit with china has already gone around $ 2.5 billion .
murderer : it will go to hue 's 60 th year old
from the beginning of the wedding , musnie was in the westward world , and the media speculated about the future . however , the portuguese people once again stressed that he would stay in london this summer .
there are some newspapers that list 14 women who go around the world , but i will stay behind the hue , + musa .
murray reiterated that he hopes that the day will be cleared up .
however , the 44 - year - old muriniao does not intend to make contributions to soccer all his life , and he said he would retire before 60 , and he did not want to be a little like boober , robert and frusen .
hello , i 've already made a promise to my wife , i will not be like robert and fraser , who has been teaching at 70 years old .
murray said that the chinese people have always felt the same when they look at the world .
i have too many things to do now .
hello , i do n't want to be a football advisor or or technical director , for example , barbado or sakki .
i do not want to play such a role .
i do not want to become a president of a club , but i just want to go all the way , " said muennie .
( qi liang )
shanxi hongdong cao shengsheng village , soldier 's death
chinanews , beijing , july 17 c the chinese government has decided today to open the door to the intermediate court in linfen city to hear the case of tsao shengjun , a monastery in guangshengzhen township , guang county , shanxi province , in the first instance .
the various domestic media have also made progress in this case .
because of the local departments ' being more cautious , some reporters were unable to gather news on the spot .
at present , hue still is going on .
the fire broke out at the detention center of the linfen city intermediate court , and the hearing about the day was over .
however , whether or not the rulers can be announced in court remains unknown .
at 9 : 00 in the morning , a reporter noticed that the outside gate of the linfen city intermediate court was calm and was drifting and hue .
perhaps it will have a negative impact on the activities currently going on in the court .
hello , when you go there , you believe the law is fair .
a passer - by who passed away looked at the statue of the elder at this place and spoke himself .
earlier , the hongdongxian county confirmed that the defendant wang bing 's father , cao shengxing , a father of the village party branch , was dismissed from the office of the county people 's congress deputies according to law .
earlier , wang dongwen had a dispute with the sister wang bing , and he could hardly escape punishment because of suspected violation of discipline in the case of wang bing 's military licenses .
the first group of the " red army " incident triggered by the " wang bing 's " brick and brick " incident in shanxi , which caused concern at home and abroad for a while , and the central leadership issued a strong instruction on the matter .
the dprk and rok have reached a consensus on developing cooperation in light industry and underground resources .
chinanews , beijing , july 8 c
the dprk and the rok held talks on 7 june on developing light industry and underground resources .
under the agreement , the rok will provide the dprk with equipment for light industrial products such as clothing , and the dprk will make some extraction rights within the country to the rok .
according to the japanese society for sending and sending troops , the rok and the dprk have reached an agreement on the development of light industry and underground resources in kaesong for three days , and the two sides have reached an agreement on the issue of the cooperation at the level of affairs .
under the agreement , the rok will provide a pole to the dprk and a hydrochon to produce raw materials , geme , and gesture to korea .
in this regard , the dprk will put three things in china on the korean side .
the rok government will hold a " national day " from renchuan port in western china on 25 july to transport 500 tonnes of contracted goods and materials to north korea .
according to the plan , starting 28 july , the rok and the dprk will jointly conduct investigation on the eastern region of the dprk .
the rok government started to initiate a $ 400,000 - ton rice aid program for the dprk .
in the dprk 's expression of willingness to actively carry out the agreement reached by the six countries , including the closing of nuclear facilities , economic cooperation between the dprk and the rok has once again become active .
the lanzhou commodity bureau has imposed a restriction on the meat side , and only because of the increase .
chinanews , lanzhou , july 10 ( huang party )
at about 2.30 pm today , the lanzhou city bureau of commodity prices invited relevant departments to hold a forum on the pork price limitation .
at the press conference , i learned that the hue commodities bureau and other departments jointly issued a top price limit , mainly because the increase in the meat price was too big and exceeded the general residents ' ability to bear .
it is reported that the meat price has risen and the increase rate has reached as high as 20 percent . data statistics show that this is the largest increase in the meat price in lanzhou since the first increase in the 1980 s .
" the government 's action is to take into account the needs of the ordinary residents in the region , and the maximum price for our export is to be investigated , " said the director of the lanzhou city bureau of commodity prices .
on 26 june , the lanzhou city bureau of pricing administration and four other departments jointly conducted a survey on the meat price of shanghai municipality , including the huozhou city public administration for industry and commerce . the news triggered a strong concern .
it is learned that the forum is aimed at extensively soliciting opinions from various circles , and making preparations for the next step of the management measures for taiwan , and according to reports , lanzhou will hold a news conference tomorrow .
this will be the first time in lanzhou city to hold a meeting on the increase in the meat price .
prc article urges china to punish falungong beijing , 13 apr ( xinhua ) -- the china regional development council recently issued a notice on the " regulations on the management of public security and the implementation of the law on the protection of public security " and the " regulations on the protection of public security and the law on the protection of public security " in beijing on 1 july .
chinanews , beijing , july 11 c according to news from the website , on july 9 , the " press conference " on the promotion of development in china 's regions will be given administrative punishment for the three months ' stoppage .
the penalty has made it clear that the problem of the china regional development association : a hysterical standard , second using acrobatics , and others collecting fees from non - member units .
after investigation , the number of members of the organizations concerned stood at 2000 yuan per year , and they traveled between june and february 2007 , and opened their temples and sexual eggs to more than 20 units , except one member , one of which collected 21,000 yuan from the family . the other members collected fees from each family from the yuan yuan yuan , 80 yuan , including the number of fees collected from organizations concerned , and demanded a fee from the organizations concerned , including the number of
the " regulations " stipulate that units and individuals who violate the regulations for the registration and management of social organizations should follow the rules of the " regulations for registration of social organizations " in making administrative punishments for the three months that have stopped their activities within a specified period and shall seal such things as those about this magazine in accordance with law .
the rok government hopes to resolve the korean peninsula nuclear issue through the six - party talks
chinanews , beijing , july 12 - according to the report by the south korean news agency , the south korean government is very concerned about the meeting of the delegation heads to the six - party talks , which will begin on 18 july in beijing .
the rok foreign ministry spokesman issued a comment on 12 june , hoping that the dprk would continue to abide by the commitments made by the dprk at the meeting of the delegation heads at the current six - party talks , and that the next phase of the measures will be implemented as soon as possible , and the concrete plans for the six - party talks on the korean peninsula will be put to an end as soon as possible , a spokesman for the ministry of foreign affairs and trade said in beijing .
the commentary also claimed that as a bridge for the dprk nuclear issue , the chinese government will provide opportunities for the realization of a nuclear - free korean peninsula .
the official revealed that the beijing olympic games would be a most likely event for countries and regions to participate
chinanews , beijing , july 16
xinhua news agency reports that the international affairs department of the beijing olympic organizing committee wang shilin disclosed on 14 june that the beijing olympic organizing committee will report to the ioc 205 members next month to attend the ioc 's 205 members ' invitation to attend the ioc 's ioc charter flights .
he said that if there is no accident , the beijing olympic games will become the most important international and regional olympic games in history .
the report said that from 10 to 12 june , wang shilin , on behalf of the beijing olympic organizing committee , reported to the general assembly of the pan - american organization on the progress of preparations for the olympic games , including the arrangement of traffic cloth in construction , among other things , things , such as
wang shilin said that the pan - american sports organization 's member countries and regions all have expressed their great interest in participating in the beijing olympic games , and all 42 members have confirmed that they will attend the olympic games in beijing next month .
it is reported that during the meeting , the ioc will hold a series of meetings with the beijing olympic organizing committee to formally invite ioc 205 members to attend the olympic games .
( gao peng , yang limin )
wang yan was injured and his condition improved , " and insisted on ' the resumption of the muscle - stool muscle - limen muscles at the stool and the resumption of ' two levels .
hello , wang yan .
before the match , the injured wang yan 's condition was continuously improving . among them , xuezhi 's muscle , and 10 other days ago , she was promoted to pole , two - tip , and two - tiered .
this month , wang yan left shanghai six hospital and started her tour .
in the past half a month , wang yan 's upper limbs muscle has been further improving .
hello , doctor wang yan .
in other words , in less than half a month , wang yan 's upper limbs muscle regained consciousness of the two classes .
the girls in front of them , wang yan was already able to bed with the help of the doctor .
the hospital 's rehabilitation experts have planned to let wang yan stay in the rehabilitation bed last weekend to carry out emotional practice .
however , according to wang yan 's current recovery , the number of male and female student recovery training has to be temporarily delayed .
wu xuan said : wang yan 's current training is mainly aimed at taking the lead , and she can learn from others ' experience in holding a stool on the board , but the time is still not too long . ( reporter gu tao )
venezuelan president calls for substantial reduction of salary for senior civil servants
chinanews , beijing , july 23 c venezuelan president hugo on tuesday expressed his thanks for the venezuelan president 's policy on domestic and foreign affairs .
he said that the substantial reduction in the salaries of senior civil servants .
he added that the committee 's foreigners would not be able to escape any serious consequences if they attack the venezuelan government .
the boss has ordered government officials to closely monitor the comments and actions of foreigners during their visit to venezuela and find that any people openly criticized him or the venezuelan government will expel him .
he said at the evening of 22 may that venezuela could not tolerate foreigners running to china and making indiscreet remarks at home .
he pointed out in his speech that the large - scale reduction of wages for senior civil servants will be a major step forward .
he said : venezuelan civil servants ' wages cannot exceed monthly salaries .
it is reported that some poor people in venezuela have spent us dollars a month .
in latin american countries , the government has taken the measure of reducing civil servants ' salaries into a common practice and has won the support of the broad masses of people .
peru , hugo and other countries have all reduced their salaries .
the trouble also said that cuban leader castro reminded him to pay attention to the things he directed by the united states .
he said that the carter presented a letter to him to the american central column , which was written by the director of the central authorities , asking him to see the secret envoys coming from the cia various kinds of institutions .
hello , one spying hearing
at around 1500 hours yesterday , the executive council of the international auto movement issued a statement on the frankfurt technology espionage case , and the suike wheel that was summoned upon was : the council decided not to penalize the kaeshift wheel for the time being .
the imotor 's official website said after hearing the news that " the ancient city of waldunda " has a unique style of legal profession , and it is very important to have sufficient information on the matter .
however , the french - lavrin technology espionage case has not been released .
the motor vehicle sports council will also decide on the way forward : if it takes to discover the faulty relevant information to be used to harm the championship , we will keep the demand for mai kai 's regatta regatta to the council of the automobile movement , which may be cancelled by 2007 or even 2008 , as qualified for participation in the competition .
at present , the number of people who have been suspended from office , the former chief designer of the wheel - on - ship , was found to have nearly 800 pages of french - language documents , including the design of the lucky draw in the design of the design of the model of the " no . 1 " model of the magazine , etc.
mkapa , coach shuttle , before the bus stopped , no other people knew about this information , and mai kungkuan 's wheel had no legal fatherland .
( wang yuan )
experts believe that insurance + + + it seems not going to cut off domestic stock market funds in the short term
chinanews , beijing , july 30
according to the china securities news , the " regulations on overseas investment management of insurance funds " recently came into being , and insurance funds have a broader space for use in the capital market .
china
the report said that many insurance institutions hold the same view .
experts say that because of the fact that renminbi products are not yet available at present , insurance institutions are not capable of taking risks , so the timing for large - scale acquisition of foreign exchange is not yet ripe .
liu lefei said that in the long term , in the area of asset distribution , foreign investment should be in a certain proportion in the overall allocation of insurance companies .
however , in view of the fact that the renminbi is under greater pressure to appreciate , china will mainly use its own foreign exchange funds to invest outside the country .
for the purchase of foreign exchange , the foreign exchange reserve should be treated with caution under the current circumstances .
( still ) hue
china 's economy has suffered a direct loss of 52.5 billion yuan this year
this reporter learned from the national general headquarters for flood control and drought control that , as of july , and the number of cases affected by drought were 118 million mu , of which 5.44 million mu were caused by floods , 1.19 million people were affected , 652 people died of natural disasters , 452 people were killed due to natural disasters , and 45.3 times respectively , directly benefiting economic losses .
the amount of farmland acreage is 144 - billion mu , and there are things that make people wake up due to drought and make things go unchecked .
the july issue of the state flood control and drought control headquarters , in light of the current grim situation in flood prevention and drought control , urgently made arrangements .
they urged all provinces , autonomous regions , and municipalities to step up efforts to practice water - retreat , make haste , and make an all - round victory in flood prevention .
the state flood control and drought relief administration and the huoxi agriculture department have dispatched three work groups to separately provide guidance for flood prevention and drought control work in flood - control areas .
at present , floods and drift are developing in an intense and orderly manner , normal operation , and hue river also go into hong , henan province , and anhui province , three provinces and one family , go home .
the problem of uncle sang 's failure .
heilongjiang province , jiangxi , and other provinces have initiated the emergency response to drought , and the anti - drought work is being carried out in an orderly manner .
the chinese government has decided to set up a national defense education center in beijing on thursday to promote the development of the economy and the economy .
chen shui - bian secretly approved of judicial intervention in the election taiwan 's " judicial yuan " denied and asked him to explain it .
chinanews , beijing , july 17 - chen shui - bian questioned the judicial personnel 's attempt to get involved in the taiwan regional leader election on july 30 .
taiwan 's judicial administrative college opened up with golden acrobatics on the same day , saying that the performance of judges on the island is not in line with chen shui - bian 's words and they also demand chen shui - bian to explain the matter .
according to taiwan 's " hue " report , chen shui - bian questioned the ape or investigators on 30 june , and interfered with it or even attempted to influence the election activities of various party candidates because of political factors or election . he said he hoped that this phenomenon would not exist in taiwan , but it is very difficult .
in view of chen shui - bian 's question , the judiciary premier yu bixing , she herself , secretary general fan ying , and she hue jing guan qie , the judicial yuan , and the si suzhi spoke .
gao jinchi said : taiwan 's basic law and judges ' code of ethics have declared that judges go beyond the party and are not allowed to take part in party activities , and judges are very cautious in observing relevant restraints , and judicial judges believe that judges should be good judges .
gao jinchi pointed out : kaohsiung , huojing , and zhuang qiaoxi
zhang shengxi once wanted to attend the dpp and also because he was a political party member because of his job disputes , he finally decided to give up .
gao jinchi said : if a case is tried in a few cases , the courts will not make arbitrarily judgments .
germany to lower professional personnel import threshold
the first artillery corps of the chinese people 's liberation army ( pla ) has launched a large - scale military exercise in berlin .
german education and scientific research minister shalvarez said that germany should reduce " the fees " in " the law " to import foreign specialized talents , and increase the import of foreign talents to solve the problems left behind by germany 's professional talent .
according to the oecd report , germany , 15 to 64 years old , a large number of labor force will decrease year after year .
if there is no sufficient migration , it will be 20-20 , and germany 's labor force will be 6 percent less than the present .
however , the german employers ' federation and the german engineer association reported that the german labor market is still open to the world , with professional talent making it easier for engineers to make their choice .
according to the statistics released by the federal labor office , the german labor market in may this year witnessed a rise of about 170,000 workers , and technicians were eager to supply 9600 people .
in order to protect the employment of its own people , germany has set a higher threshold for bringing in foreign talents .
the german magazine huaxi stipulates that non - eu countries should have their own feet in germany , and that they should not be recognized by the government for their jobs and residence .
shamin suggested that the limit be lowered to the pole .
do not go to the theoretical circle
the draft amendment to the law on lawyers , which was submitted to the npc standing committee for deliberation recently , stipulates : those who have engaged in legal research and other professional work , and who have high - ranking or similar professional standards , who apply for lawyers ' professional practice , may be granted the legal profession to lawyers for their professional services after being examined and approved by the judicial administration department of the state council .
( adopted on 28 june ) " china "
the law has theoretical knowledge , and the truth about things ,
for a long time , the theory and the practice of the legal profession have grown politely , and people like theory , and they think it is wise to think that theory lacking necessary care and care about mechanical things are simply things that go about mechanics , and others go about theoretical studies in the field of theory , and criticize the practice of the theory of leniency .
in this way , the legal profession can do a lot of work to maintain , not just talk about , using a variety of ways to support others .
however , the " law on lawyers " makes a mistake , and makes things worse , such as legal theory , theoretical innovation , and legal norms higher in the realm of law .
in fact , some people engaged in the study of international law and other purely theoretical studies and teaching , such as the theory study and teaching , have followed the theory again with the theory of law , and are si - si .
in this way , lawyers ' sexual abuse is a matter of concern to legal affairs .
the influence of theory on superstition is not limited to these , such as experts and discussions on things , it often affects or even rejects court verdicts , and it is also the direct expression of such superstition .
encourage chinese - funded enterprises to set up checkpoints
the first batch of the new - type aircraft , which was launched in the first half of this year , has been put into operation in the capital city of beijing .
from the state council 's news conference , it was learned that starting 1 july this year , china will implement the " special care agency " policy on china - funded international shipping and encourage chinese - funded ships that have been hoisted to return to china to register and undergo si - hang and go on among others .
to further promote the development of china 's maritime industry in a healthy manner and to strengthen the country 's maritime industry , the ministry of foreign affairs recently issued a series of regulations on the operation of ships registered overseas and the hanging of foreign flags on ships in china . the ministry of communications recently issued a " notice on implementing the registration policy on shipping and especially registration " , clearly specifying the conditions and application procedures for special cases , which are in line with the requirements for import policy , and on 1
the application for a ship should select shanghai , tianjin , and dalian to register ship registration .
britain 's measures to reduce terrorist attack
the first of its kind of training for the chinese people 's liberation army ( pla ) was held in beijing on july 5 .
the british government has decided to criticize the hiking of terrorist attack to a serious degree , and this indicates that the terrorist attack in britain will not happen , but the attacks are still very likely to go across the world .
at present , the british police have shifted the investigation scope to india and australia .
as the arrested eight men were arrested , they were all in the medical system , and the government will investigate the outside immigrants who have entered the medical system for work .
it is reported that nearly 200 people attended the medical system in britain , and they are overseas .
prime minister hijack also demanded that overseas immigrants with high technology be investigated , and employers or relevant organizations will be asked to provide recorded background information .
hello , let 's make a vow .
the tourism industry , the charm , the relaxing of the rules , and the enjoyment of nature and civilization to the maximum degree .
however , the number of tourists from abroad has encountered such a kind of annoy , and it is always harbored by traders and intermediaries .
whether it is the car or the train , the upper car , always have to face the peddle and some unverified intermediaries .
it is not selling flowery cakes , that is selling newspapers and periodicals , and many other intermediaries without testimony , introducing food , and even making arbitrary appetite , etc.
if you do not accept it , he can catch you several hundred meters , it 's very difficult to be benevolent if you do n't succeed .
in some scenery , many things are equally interesting .
those who have not entered the gate of the tour and little tricks are often attracted .
after entering the door , this situation will be more serious , and good yaxing will be also upset .
some media have reported that the number of foreign tourists who went to xian was a little too much .
these include the bus 's bus stop , the noise , the noise , and the walking area , and the respectful place , should be civilized , quiet and harmonious , giving a pleasant environment .
the price of freedom of dealers has been rising .
the important thing is that these things are the most important window , and a sharp arrow in the development of the spiritual civilization in hong kong , and the damage to the image will not only be an issue of image , but will also have an impact on the local economic development .
just think , if you want to be a big and strong tourist industry , you use this kind of disastrous tourist environment to welcome the visitors coming from the south and the north . who would dare ?
your tourist economy is also a matter of how much benefit can you achieve ?
with the peak tourism season , the weather will bring a great variety of visitors to the north of the tiannan mountain , and it should be said that the pressing task is to do so .
there is no market , small merchants ' hawkers ' business behavior should be regulated , and unlicenced operations should be resolutely abolished , and illegal activities should be resolutely cracked down .
a civilized and orderly environment can only be made delighted .
in a word , i would like to let traders go .
the boss of the " bauhinia award "
the beijing dongcheng district construction street opened a green passage to the public , making it the most important place for the low - income families to voluntarily retreat .
( " new beijing news " on 10 july )
this writer has made many contributions to improving the living standards of these families , taking the initiative to regain protection , and giving awards to others .
hue street construction vice director said , xuejing and other issues were encouraged to take the initiative to retreat from the public , and they were examples that people like poor living buddha .
this example will be a good example to encourage other people who have minimized their income through their own efforts . if it is to be a through , it should be encouraged to take this opportunity to express the views of those who have long been deceptive and deceptive .
in the process of differentiating and cleaning up low - income households , more dependence is on the law .
the departments concerned should strengthen the work of providing minimum guarantee for the income of the households concerned : they should promptly report the changes in family personnel and income , report their employment situation , and accept regular reexamination . the departments concerned should intensify supervision and inspection .
after all , it is necessary to make deductions according to law .
the street is also open to the girls who give awards to them ?
as the primary level government organization , street expenses are determined by fiscal appropriations .
and taxpayers ' money should not be spent ?
on the one hand , the income of those who have withdrawn from the minimum guarantee family has become self - evident , while on the other hand , those who apply for minimum guarantee still do not exist ?
the " red army " , which is called a life - saving money , should send off an abyss of misery and not spend extra money in the golden sky .
liu gangyi is willing to be a service provider ,
on 10 july , the first public promotion in the country selected the acrobatics in the mulan town of the new duan district , liu jianzhen , received the criticism and almost 97.9 percent after taking office .
at the news conference , liu gangyi said : the chinese side has always attached great importance to the role played by the people of other countries .
( yesterday 's " new jing bao " )
liu gangyi 's mouth service was recorded by her .
the public opinion poll showed that the most important thing in the appointment system is that the former is determined by ordinary party members mainly by the masses of party members , and the latter is mainly appointed by higher - level organizations , and the direction of the source of power determines that the former must be responsible to the people .
the source of power and the person who is responsible for it are the fundamental factor determining how the elected person should do his work .
some people questioned this sort of democracy , and even more like a game of democracy .
my view is that there is such a hue .
in consideration of the reality that china 's grassroots democratic political construction and the current situation , i think that the promotion of the public by universal suffrage is a major breakthrough , and democracy is an important component of this , and we must not underestimate the efforts to promote the building of grass - roots democratic politics .
india is expected to select the first female president as the analyst , saying that the election is likely to be more likely to be held , and women voters hope to raise their status
on 23 june , a statue of president clinton visited zhuoga .
indian presidential election opens on 19 may , the new president will preside over a welcoming ceremony for the newly elected vice president shevardnadze and the late president , lahousie , who recently resigned to serve as president of the republic of india .
the acrobatics are the first female presidential candidate in indian history . if she is elected , she will become the first female president in india .
the acrobatics are the presidential candidates of the ruling party , and shevardnadze comes from the opposition party .
because of the fact that the congress party has a strong position in the presidential election , the media and the people all go around , and the possibility of getting elected is quite likely to be .
the 72 - year - old pontiff , a female bachelor , was a female bachelor .
she is a lawyer and has a lot of experience in congress , and she is a senior professor at lancang state . she is a government - sponsored figure .
she also devoted herself to social welfare , which is a reflection of many cultural education and social welfare organizations .
analysts pointed out that the reason why paraguay became a candidate was because she always silently watched the movie " pearl river delta " by indian gongram party chairman sonia gandhi .
in india , gandhi clan has long controlled the ruling national party .
the incident was greatly criticized by women voters .
the constitution stipulates that india is a federal state , and the president is the head of state and acting decisively , and does not represent any party organization , and more of them are a kind of symbol .
( yen jing ) : the chinese government has always attached great importance to the development of sino - japanese relations .
the united states supports the palestinian government 's expulsion of the extremist .
the pla daily news agency , washington , july 22 ( reporter xu qisheng )
us president bush said on 21 march that the united states will fully support the " green world " organization and extremists from the pakistani - afghan border .
bush said at the weekly routine broadcast that day that according to the new us intelligence , hue organizations were operating in pakistan and afghanistan , and found a hiding place security -- sisters in the region .
he expressed his appreciation for this , and said he was very worried about this .
bush said that the united states will continue to support pakistani president musharraf and believes musharraf will persist in its relations with the organizations and armed elements .
the united states recently published the " national intelligence assessment " report , pointing out that muslim armed organizations are particularly interesting , the organizations of the hue organizations still constitute a threat to the united states .
the musharraf held talks with the leaders of some northern pakistan in september last year on guarding against the influence and making the huoxi organization members ' activities , which failed to achieve the expected results .
the two men were hugely willing or incompetent to go their own way to safeguard security in the region .
bush said in his early enrollment speech that musharraf is taking positive steps to correct this mistake .
the united states hopes that the agreement on the dprk nuclear issue will be fully implemented
the pla daily news agency , washington , july 24 ( reporter xu qisheng )
us assistant secretary of state hails six - party talks
the united states is very hopeful that the " 19 september joint statement " and the " 13 february joint document " can be observed in an all - round way .
" we are very concerned about the current situation , " he said at a press conference .
he hoped that all parties concerned would make efforts to comprehensively implement the six - party talks on the korean nuclear issue within one year .
hill also said that during the process of holding talks on security and energy , the united states , the dprk , japan , and the dprk will also discuss separately the us - dprk bilateral relations awaiting resolution .
climate change has led to the collapse of the alps glacier
the pla delegation led by yu xia ( reporter liu jun )
the swiss academy 's ice experts have long been tracking and studying and discovered that between 1850 to the world , and switzerland 's drifting glacier is reducing by an average of 35.3 percent annually .
only
experts believe that by the year 2100-00 , the global temperature will rise 3 degrees , and the melting trend will shrink , and the five ice - melting will completely thaw .
" we are very pleased that the world 's largest glacier is the fastest growing ice in europe , " he said , adding that " it is not surprising that the world heritage will be reduced by 100 meters in 2006 , " said siemens .
the picture is 23 kilometers long , and the amichi ice lake is 23 kilometers .
liu jun .
the beijing olympic games digitized its suggestion : becoming civilized consumers
the pla air force 's first artillery corps ,
reporter liang jie reports from the chinese consumer association that on 8 august , the 29 th olympic games fell to the stage of the opening of the opening ceremony , and the consumer association of beijing municipality , the association of consumers associations in shanghai on 8 august , the consumer protection committee on consumer rights and interests of shanghai municipality , the consumer association , qinhuangdao consumers association and the hong kong consumer council , in the name of the consumer protection organization , proposed to consumers : in the name of our civilization ,
the proposal pointed out : from my perspective , strengthening the awareness of the olympic games , learning etiquette , elevating civilization , putting civilization into practice , observing social rules , and making people aware of civilization ;
and enhance the green olympics awareness , protect the ecological environment , cherish these things , and actively promote sustainable consumption .
establish the concept of being diligent and thrifty , change the concept of consumption , make blindly comparisons , oppose extravagance and waste , and become rational consumers with the concept of scientific consumption ;
the increase in consumption awareness of safeguarding rights and take the initiative to take part in social supervision , consciously respect the protection of intellectual property rights , correctly understand rights and obligations , and act as consumers who act according to law and make reasonable rights protection .
encourage the spirit of making trouble and the sense of active participation , publicize the olympic concept , and be the disseminator of the olympic spirit .
the police magazine huanqiu " hong kong " has been celebrating the 10 years of return
on 1 july , the nanjing jinghai temple sizhuang yan was sounded again , and she woke up .
this is a profound historical resonance . through television station 's series of interesting news , such as the mainland and hong kong , the people of nanjing and hong kong , together with the screening of the world , to jointly celebrate the 10 th anniversary of hong kong 's return to the motherland .
over the past 10 years , she has experienced a series of acrobatics in the air over the linghai temple building in nanjing , and she has followed the historical model of siege across hong kong island .
not a big issue , nanjing society has become a place where people from all walks of life gather together . through his own , he should go through this alarm forever , and always warn himself and go history .
hello .
zhong shouldered a heavy shoulder 1.977 meters , while yan yan 's si si si si , she 's si , she 's hue .
the police world 's planning and cast of the alarm bell in those years , wang fengling , explained that the story of five pieces of silverstrings centering around the clock , the whole bronze bell uses high - sounding rays , two dragon 's balls , symbolizing hong kong as the mother 's orient ming pearl , using the meihua of nanjing city as a model of the bell - shaped staple in nanjing city .
the first suggestion was made at the time that democratic parties , including the democratic party , were all aware of this , she followed the same old tune , hong kong was going to return to the motherland ten years ago , and he hoped hong kong would be able to make a great melody and never go to heaven tomorrow , like that of hong kong .
enditem
the russian security bureau accused the oligarchic " conspiring " to start a " trouble "
the london - in - exile russian neilarovich lawyer , paul rogkov , announced on 2 july that the russian federal security bureau has formally put forward a new charge against the litigants , accusing other countries of plotting state conspiracy in an attempt to force the siege of the russian regime .
borowov said that the first meeting of the committee of the british government in april this year , when interviewed by the british newspaper the guardian , announced that he himself had initiated the imperial household magazine in russia and confirmed that the right - wing elite representatives who were opposed to the authorities ' policy provide financial support .
the russian federal security bureau 's reconnaissance bureau immediately issued a " code of law of the russian federation " to solemnly poppy out clauses about women 's disputes . recently , it officially submitted a legal aid to the moscow sarviv court .
it is reported that the russian federation 's general procuratorate set up a " criminal case " against fat in february 2006 . according to the same number of oligarchs who were in exile , they confirmed in an interview that they were attempting to seize the russian regime by force .
the new york times , which has been in exile for a long time , could not extradite him , temporarily suspended the investigation of the case in january 2007 .
on 2 july , the moscow sarvier court began to try the case of another unnamed criminal case . the russian general procuratorate accused him of the whales swallowing russian airways , with a total of 214 - million rubles of money , 16 - million rubles , and the court decided to postpone the investigation on 12 july through a hearing . the court will be designated state counsel for the defendant .
berger said that all these things were recorded with a cloud , and that he would prohibit his own defense lawyers from taking part in activities .
( bi yuan )
guangxi
since the beginning of this year , all localities and departments in guangxi have carried out activities to change cadres ' style and administrative efficiency , and have implemented the ' decision - making system ' on the questions of the issues of the system of accountability for the ' three systems ' and the ' administrative efficiency supervision system ' of 33 key departments directly under the autonomous region have been incorporated into the work network of administrative efficiency supervision .
so far , 619 people have been investigated for their responsibility .
the reporter learned from the discipline inspection commission of qiongxia autonomous prefecture on 5 july that guangxi has initially formed an administrative efficiency monitoring network of the autonomous prefecture 's counties , and strengthened supervision over key departments ' job - related work posts . the 14 cities ' electronic supervision system was completely linked to the autonomous regional network .
the autonomous region 's administrative efficiency electronic supervision system directly links up with the electronic supervision system of 33 autonomous regions directly under the autonomous region that directly affects the investment environment and the people 's production and livelihood , further standardizes the examination and approval behavior , and improve the efficiency of examination and approval .
at the same time , discipline inspection and supervision organs at all levels in guangxi have seriously handled cases involving impairment of work style and the masses ' interests . up to now , they have investigated and verified 11,000 pieces , investigated 769 cases , and prosecuted 584 units of these units , 619 people .
the members of the standing committee of the cpc committee and secretary of the discipline inspection commission , said on 5 may that administrative efficiency supervision is a work that has always been accompanied by administrative activities and should gradually form a long - term mechanism .
guangxi should further improve and standardize the administrative management system , set up and improve various rules for supervision of administrative efficiency and mechanisms for guaranteeing protection , and include efficiency supervision into the institutionalized track , further standardize supervision and inspection procedures , improve the mechanism for handling complaints and evaluating performance , and step up the work of affixing responsibility and the system of fixing time for ensuring responsibility for the work of ensuring responsibility and the system of handling cases according to rigid rules .
the chinese government has decided to set up a national defense education center in beijing on thursday to promote the development of the country 's economy .
nato does not rule out the possibility of having a cooperative relationship with the united states on the abm system issue .
the nato information officer , simona de manasso , granted an exclusive interview with xinhua on 9 may , saying that the united states does not rule out the possibility of linking the us anti - missile system with the nato 's own defense system .
the simona de manaso said that nato is studying the us anti - ballistic missile program and hopes that the us anti - missile base will protect all european allies .
" the nato has its own theater missile defense system , and has started to discuss the establishment of a strategic missile defense system , thus linking the us anti - missile system with nato 's own defense system , " she said .
she also said that the us policy on the establishment of an anti - ballistic missile system in europe would be exchanged with russia in a timely manner through various channels .
the chinese government will continue to provide assistance to the african union ( eu ) in its efforts to promote the development of the country 's economy , said a senior chinese official here thursday .
two jordanian men were arrested for planning to attack americans
two jordanian men were sentenced to two years ' imprisonment for planning attacks on americans in jordan , the jordanian national security tribunal .
the two men , aged 25 , were arrested for suicide bombing in a hotel in sahtathi .
the court said that the death of the man was also charged with illegal holding in the house , while searching him .
the court originally decided to sentinel hutto life imprisonment and then thought of a pole making him go across the chance , and cut it by eight years .
the indictment said that the two defendants had decided to provide the so - called " human rights " with the language that they wanted to attack those who were humiliated by the united states after the outbreak of the iraq war .
in august 2006 , they sieged a chinese woman in the jordanian capital of anman , but they did not give up until they launched an attack .
the indictment did not make public the american identity .
the indictment also accused the two of attacking other americans .
the chinese government has decided to set up a national defense education center in beijing on thursday to promote the development of the country 's economy .
the chinese side is willing to continue to make efforts with the us side to promote the development of the bilateral relations .
according to us media reports on 15 june , the antidiabetes drug , diabetes heart disease , and other bad reactions have recently shown a dramatic upward trend in the united states .
us food , drug administration announced in may that it would not be able to use the word diabetes to make a report on the first issue of the " xinmedicine magazine " published on 21 may this year , saying that such cheap drugs would greatly increase the incidence rate and margaret rate of patients with heart disease and heart disease .
wen di 's hue was seriously criticized by doctors and patients .
the statistics show that in the event of a safety warning , the us drug administration received a 357 - page message in about a month , which triggered a bad reaction , 38 of which were deaths .
in the first two months of this year , the pmb received only 50 and 73 undesirable reactions reports respectively .
these unhealthy reactions are light to the boiling of water , and are heavy to sudden deaths of heart disease .
however , the us drug administration 's drug experts believe that the present record of diallo insecurity -- the conclusion of diallacious insecure .
the authority will publish a report on the latest development of cultural and arts on july 30 .
in 1999 , there were many girls .
there are about 6 million diabetes patients in the world who are taking chinese medicinal herbs or are taking them .
wen di 's hue , england 's graceful , has always considered pelosi as safe and has been very impressive to patients .
the united states wants to resume the middle east peace talks
us president bush said in washington on 16 june that he would like to hold a meeting this fall on the palestinian - israeli issue to invite fall - a - side arab countries and other relevant countries to attend the international conference on palestine and israel , in a joint effort to promote the resumption of the middle east peace process .
on 17 july , bush also called egyptian president mubarak 's king bidiou ii and king 's institutes , asking them to actively respond to the proposal and support the palestinian national authority chairman abbas with concrete actions to resume peace talks at an early date .
abbas said the palestinian council would discuss the early election issue
the palestinian national authority chairman abbas said in ramallah on 18 may that the palestinian liberation organization ( plo ) central committee 's two - day meeting opened on the same day to discuss the issue of holding an election of palestinian national authority and the legislative council ahead of schedule .
abbas said in ramallah that day that he was " very pleased " with the high representative for foreign and security affairs of the european union , and said at a joint press conference that if the plo central committee made the decision , the president would have the right to issue legal orders , and this order would be published very quickly .
at the same time , abbas expressed concern over the relations between the palestinian national authority and the european union .
he said : the palestinian side welcomes the eu 's decision to adopt measures against the palestinian president 's office .
abbas urged eu to continue to provide humanitarian aid to the palestinian people in gaza .
the meeting reiterated the eu 's concern over abbas and the palestinian people .
he said : the middle east issue concerns the issue of the united states and russia .
the guests also said that the eu is very concerned about the deployment of international troops in gaza , but it still needs to discuss with other parties , especially with the united nations .
the chinese government has decided to set up a national education center in beijing on thursday .
jiangxi will provide rural land for 30 years .
for a long time , a large number of specialized medical technicians have visited rural areas , providing rare opportunities for the health undertakings and peasants and the health care of peasants .
jiangxi province recently decided to levy fees on rural health care workers who have completed 30 years of professional technical service , and to award their honor to others in rural health work .
according to the jiangxi provincial health department , the first - ever seminar on health in the township and town public health care institutes held by the government has academic qualifications of a medical specialty at or above the middle school and professional health technical personnel who are engaged in medical and health work at primary and above the level of the department of health in towns and townships , all who have worked in the qungu blood defense group or the maofeng village for 30 years in succession or merged with the township
the first batch of the confirmed time was the end of july .
the state council will give priority to rural public health personnel who meet the requirements , and will issue awards to those who have made contribution to rural health work in 30 years .
senior expert on higher education exams ; assessment of academic qualifications ;
the provincial health department will arrange for a certain number of vacation and make donations every year .
starting this year , jiangxi will spend a total of $ 330 million each year on rural health care work , and recommend itself screening screams .
the chinese government has decided to set up a national security bureau to deal with the disease in the country , the official news agency reported wednesday .
the us department of defense reconsidered the plan to reduce us troops in europe .
the us defense department official said on 23 may that due to the changes in the iraq war and the world situation , the us department of defense is considering again formulating a plan to reduce the number of us troops stationed in europe by about half .
us media quoted an official of the department of defense as saying that because the iraq war is still going on and the us - russian and iranian relations have worsened , the department of defense has questioned the feasibility of reducing the european military deployment plan .
there are things that happened when defense secretary rumsfeld announced that the united states would deploy its troops in europe from the original 11.8 people to 7.30 men , to build a military pole , making it easy to establish a new type of army .
currently , the us military in europe and the united states has fallen to the pirate .
however , in june this year , the us military european command commander , presented a report to current defense secretary , raising questions on the above - mentioned reduction plan .
the report said that the us troops stationed in europe have also reduced their troops in turn .
the report suggests that the reduction of us forces in europe be stopped .
the relevant us experts believe that the above phenomenon shows that the war in iraq has dragged on the original plan of the us military .
the chinese government has decided to set up a national defense education center in beijing on thursday .
shandong 's jiuzhou city has carried out a traffic accident into communities to make trouble
rmrb commentator on studying jiang zemin 's 1 july speech beijing , 26 jul ( xinhua ) --
to further deepen the building of civilized urban areas , make the numerous friends , enhance the awareness of the rule of law and traffic safety , and enhance the awareness of observing the regulations and observing the law . from 20 july to 10 august ( the third series of issues ) , xuji city 's qianzhou city brigade performed the women 's singli square in qilyi square in the three li square in sanli square in sanli square in sanli , sanli de city , sanli de
in the film opening ceremony , the siren group printed " zhuqi protecting life -- creating a wave of joy among the vast number of citizens " and some propaganda materials to the public , and broadcast the " alarm of life for life " and " on school road . "
the movie was a scene of a heart raising by citizens ' surprise and joy .
in particular , the " on - the - road " feature film , through the format of drift , let go and love , and receive profound education .
the film attracted the attention of 3,500 people around the square , especially some people who came to qi zhou and migrant workers .
through transportation safety movies , they ( and guan ) entered construction sites .
the ministry of health : the national catering industry will gradually implement a health supervision public notice system
to better serve the implementation of the " food hygiene law " and the state council 's " circular on further strengthening food safety , " the ministry of health has set up three " food labels " and " food safety regulations " in haidian district of beijing municipality , taizhou city of zhejiang province , luozhou city of henan province , luoyang city of henan province , hubei province , and hainan province 's haier , and sichuan 's qifan si and yan xueji and others .
this system has also gradually been introduced to the whole country .
the catering industry was the first to introduce the public health supervision system to the public on the basis of daily health supervision .
it is reported that the public notice will be adopted in the unified format and content set by the ministry of health , which includes nine items of health on the spot , and will result in a comprehensive evaluation of the assessment of the situation and the number of organizations responsible for supervision and management , as well as the number of complaints received by the inspection units , and the customer 's quality of service will be clearly understood by customers in order to find out the health conditions of the beverage .
the chinese government has decided to set up a national defense education center in beijing on thursday to promote the development of the national economy .
the security council decides to extend the term of the peacekeeping forces in ethiopia and eritrea
the un security council on 30 june unanimously adopted a resolution , agreeing to make the un stationed in egypt and egypt , a peacekeeping force , a peace - keeping force in egypt , and a un peacekeeping force in egypt , a parliamentary group , a resolution which calls for a " statute " next january .
the resolution urged all parties concerned to honor their commitments , exercise restraint , ease the tense situation , and avoid ctuosity military activities , and called on eritrea to immediately withdraw its troops and military equipment from the temporary safety zone , calling for reducing the number of additional military troops deployed in areas close to the provisional security zone recently .
the resolution demanded that concrete steps be taken immediately to bring the eritrean border committee into a deadlock without any interference .
the resolution reiterated its full support for the work of the eritrea border committee and expressed its appreciation for the decision of the council to hold a meeting with the two eritrea and eritrea on september 6 in new york .
in 1998 , eria and sihue broke out in border conflicts , with more people becoming victims .
in june 2000 , both ethiopia and eritrea signed a cease - fire agreement in algeria 's capital of algiers .
the united nations began to implement the " un peacekeeping forces " in the ethiopian - eritrea border in july 2001 to supervise the implementation of the cease - fire agreement between the two countries .
the chinese government has always attached great importance to the development of the sino - african relations , said chinese vice - premier wu bangguo here tuesday .
to greet the olympics , zhu rongji opens
the pla air force 's first artillery corps ,
xing 's friend , tian yuan , reports : in order to implement the cpc central committee 's instruction on building a socialist harmonious society , the whole people and the whole people are celebrating the olympic games with the theme of the olympics , the cultural life of the masses will be enriched , and the women 's living standards in the olympic counties will be raised in chengdu city and chengdu county will go on 30 days .
the six - day event attracted more than 100 athletes from 10 county level across the country .
according to the regulations , the athletes who participated in the competition must be the competitors , and they are aged over 18 .
the 2006 population census will be held at the state sports administration 's xuejing management center in 2006 .
the competition uses chinese language association 's latest approval of " jing " , with the competition divided into two parts : preliminary and final .
the competition was jointly sponsored by the state administration of sports , and sponsored by the china sports association , the china international sports company , and so on .
in recent years , the number of women who have history in double - barreled counties has developed rapidly , and shuichun counties have made access to the advanced national sports organizations such as advanced sports units in the whole country , sports county , and other advanced units in the whole country .
in the new rural construction in particular , the shuangfu county vigorously implemented the peasant sports project , and integrated the building of sports facilities with the beautiful green cloth and women 's singing in the rural areas , built the stadium in the rural areas , built in the peasants , and let the sports service system cover the rural areas , actively popularizing the model of local unique characteristics of farmers , especially the farmers , and the farmers ' joy of the peasants ' love for the better physical and physical
modern military uniforms are three functions
first , the identification function .
different countries ' armed forces are different in different ways , and important signs of the armed forces and the people .
in the world , the number of countries with a history of over 100 is still relatively low , although the use of military uniforms is basically the same , the uniforms of the armed forces of no two countries are completely the same .
second , the symbolic function .
to a certain extent , the uniform is not only a mental outlook of a country but also a spiritual outlook of a country 's armed forces .
in a pole suit , she wrote a classical military suit .
third , the protection function .
with the development of new and high - tech weaponry , the enhancement of comprehensive protection of new - type operational training clothes has made military uniforms a thirst for defense - related cases , chemical defense , anti - radiation , and adjustment of temperature - dropping functions , etc. , and have become a most important issue in developing military uniform .
( shi wei )
a certain brigade 's party committee handled issues raised a hue and a sharp contrast with the truth .
the pla air force 's first artillery corps ,
weng hue , yang ruyu : we can go online .
today , the officers and men of a certain communications training unit of the chengdu military region were all excited about cadres living in the house . they respectfully talked about the big issues left behind by the party committee members in the whole team , daring to solve the big problems , daring to be the real - world , and full of respect and admiration .
a few years ago , with personnel 's attendance , the family building of this brigade was violated and the number of houses in this brigade had exceeded the number of households in violation of rules , making it difficult for the cadres to have houses . the officers and soldiers were quite concerned about this .
the group also had a clear idea of several housing times , and it was impossible to stop the building because of various obstructions .
the distance between the two is too much to be solved .
the new party committee leadership reached a consensus , and the principal leaders personally started to make preparations for all the problems of housing ownership in violation of rules and regulations .
on the other hand , they looked at things , and hoped that people concerned would go around , while talking about the story of the army 's raising funds in the economic field , the relevant policy regulations on the policies and regulations concerning the military 's raising funds for housing , indicating the party committee 's determination and principled stand .
we should also take a clear view of some housing problems which are not willing to retreat from the housing they account for , and party committee organs should promptly contact their units and take corresponding measures to promote them to take the initiative to cooperate with the troops .
after two months of meticulous work , hue and silk about all the households who had illegally taken up houses , the group 's cadres were assigned jobs according to regulations .
the party committee of the brigade dared to fight the tough with the hard work style , and it also produced a stream of effect . the original several cadres who were unwilling to actively cooperate with the organization in organizational distribution have also expressed their subordination to the decision .
qiao qingchen meets bangladeshi air force chief of staff
the pla general staff headquarters , beijing , july 9 ,
reporter zhang shun : xu huawei , member of the central military commission , met today with a delegation from the bangladeshi air force chief of staff , qiobian , and his party .
qiao qingchen said : the friendly and cooperative relations between china and bangladesh have been developing smoothly since the two countries forged diplomatic ties . high - level contacts have been frequent , and friendly exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been constantly strengthened .
the two countries have always supported each other in international affairs and in their national construction , and have supported each other and closely cooperated with each other .
china appreciates and thanks bangladesh for its support and assistance on taiwan issues , such as human rights and tibet .
qiao qingchen said that the chinese army treasures the friendly relations with the bangladeshi army and hopes that with the joint efforts of both sides , the two armed forces will further expand the scope and level of friendly cooperation between the two countries and strengthen friendly exchanges and cooperation between the two air forces , and raise the friendly and cooperative relations that have already been established between the two armed forces to a new level .
qi said that bangladesh will continue to make efforts to further develop friendly relations between the two armed forces , especially the air forces of the two countries .
he reiterated that the bangladesh government will , as always , adhere to the one - china policy .
prior to the meeting , qiao held a welcoming ceremony for the visit of zobao .
qi austria arrived in beijing on sunday for a five - day official visit to china at the invitation of qiao qingchen .
the military uniform designer is an guest for the china.org.cn .
the pla general staff headquarters , beijing , 13 july ( jiefangjun bao ) -- yang baojin and liu xinxin reported that all troops of the pla will be dressed in 07 military uniforms starting 1 august .
tonight , the chinese military website specially invited renowned renowned military artificial comings and petition by chen jun and yu si wansi , senior engineer of the military equipment research institute , su yang , as a guest of the chinese army net , and hue siren si , a netizen within and outside the army , and ellipses inside and outside the army , and echoed the response from the online people .
the two guests are the current members of the women 's singles design and the sisters ' directly .
on the new military uniform , jiang zemin said : " the 7 - type military uniforms are made up of loneliness , especially 97 military uniforms , and they have made outstanding contributions in the series of military uniforms , such as the series of acrobatics , etc.
the military uniforms are the most prominent characteristics of the coefficient , the dynamics of sexual orientation , and the ideological style of the military uniform for the first time reached the three armed services ' standard of coordinating the series of series of series of calls , and the level of the building of military uniforms of our army has made historic leaps .
the two guests also exchanged views on the variety of new uniform , the loneliness , and other issues with netizens .
this time , it was jointly developed by the chinese military web site and the hue magazine jointly sponsored by the internet .
jingjiang city people 's armed forces platform elevates the quality of specialized military cadres
the first batch of enterprises in china , a province of zhejiang province , was established on june 18 in the first ten days of the year .
this is a hue 's military branch 's contribution to the work of helping cadres improve their skills by integrating the actual situation of military force cadres with their work posts .
early this year , the people 's armed forces department party committee discovered that some specialized military cadres living in huoyu , and others were not engaged in journalism and journalism , and they never put their main energy on doing military work .
to this end , they adopted concentrated training to make things easier for local party schools to train cadres by relying on local party schools .
in connection with the central task , we should boldly give cadres with military skills training , temper themselves by work posts , and improve their ability to serve posts .
at the same time , they actively coordinated with local organization departments , jointly formulated the " regulations on competitive appointment of specialized military cadres " , clearly stipulating that armed forces ministers must enter the party committee team and stop taking other posts .
the establishment of a system for the adjustment and exchange of cadres with special skills , which could not meet the need of the armed forces at the grass - roots level , promptly adjust and exchange , and provide promotion and use for comrades with a strong comprehensive quality and work ability .
not long ago , xins company limited 's armed forces department director chen yisong led the militia technical detachment to make innovations and develop underwater ship technology , and was elevated to the position of director of the company 's armed forces department .
good will also be good at all
in terms of the results of the match alone , the score was reasonable , and it was also pleasant to accept . the key was the process of the match , and how much regretful people were .
if iran is the second - largest player , then it will play a wedding , then it will feel a little bit more impressive to china , and will be very popular with the people 's morale , and will go backwards .
good is not good at the end . it can be said that it is a problem .
the distance is often created by the situation .
this is indeed unacceptable .
however , from today 's competition , the world seems to be so .
sun jihai , sun huaxiang , yu jing , zheng zhi , and others kicked the ball in europe , but li feng and others were also living through the long - time sand . they saw many things and said their psychological quality would not be a problem .
the remarks made by these people were forced to quit by the iranian team , because they were ready to go around .
the iranian team is in a backward condition and has been replaced by two , and the scene has been followed by each other at once .
the feeling of disorder in the half was also changed three times , but the effect was not good .
overcome the mentality of being good at the beginning and not being good at the end , and must accurately find the root of problems .
as long as the problem is accurately identified and the methods for removing the existing problems are not difficult to find .
i am afraid that the situation will be so bad that you will throw your mouth into the sea .
if this goes on , it will be more difficult to kick more competitions , old problems will be made , and no one hopes for kicking a game that is going to be held .
the ministry of public security has a glorious record of the guangdong frontier defense corps hospital
the first of its kind of " blue army " of the pla shenzhen special forces unit ,
professor li 's huanqi report : for many years , the guangdong frontier defense corps hospital has made great efforts to provide medical support to the poor masses , and one series of regained care by the people of poverty - stricken areas .
this morning , the ministry of public security awarded the honor to the guangdong frontier defense corps hospital for the collective holiday celebrating the second anniversary of the founding of the people 's liberation army [ pla ] and the advanced deeds of supporting the government and cherishing the people at the guangdong border defense corps hospital .
the guangdong frontier defense corps hospital has taken advantage of the opportunity of building a harmonious society to learn from the ancient huaji hualong in shenzhen , and set up three hospitals specially for migrant workers from other places to seek treatment and registered fees .
the hospital has specially equipped a siren service car , and has opened free admission to migrant workers .
this will benefit the people and benefit the peasants by $ 12,000 .
from the perspective of the hue and the hospital , it also developed a large - scale consultation activity , with a thousand cuisine lights , organizing eight medical and health personnel from the medical department to jiangxi , yunnan , etc. to send their lights to their healthcare and care services free of charge , bringing about the most brilliant result .
the armed police force was replaced by the 7 - type uniform costumes on 1 august .
the pla air force 's first artillery batsier zhang jianjun reported on 19 july : the armed police force will , starting 1 august , replace 07 kinds of clothes .
today , this reporter has learned from the 07 - style apparel issuance ceremony and the activity of dressing things in armed police units that this 07 - style clothes series " chang - style " costumes " and " green variety " symbolizing the four major categories .
clothing is composed of existing rugby green green , and is a deep olive green color , sleet and trousers . the overall design is strong , with a strong sense of design , set up in the model , and use the national apparel standard .
female officers and men have a respectable life , and enjoy a beautiful life , and their eyes are often changed from being a style of collectives like guan qiong , a permanent dressing , a summer - autumn - autumn - autumn - autumn - style design , and a long - distance decorated design .
the new names will be added to the title of the national defense military , the blue - blue ribbon , and the revised label of the design , and the imperial women 's flag will be added to the constitution , thus enhancing the garments identification function and enhancing the sense of aesthetics .
the armed police force 's 07 clothing will be replaced for three years .
in august 2007 , the united front work department , together with the pla , made indispensable and respectful music with the national flag and the national flag band , and the young pioneer team living in beijing for cadres and soldiers stationed in beijing area , changji fan and marching fan dress , and symbolic statue .
yan 's may visit to other soldiers
yan october was a coup for winter clothes and she herself she had grown .
in december 2009 , he was transferred to a normal winter uniform for soldiers .
the training was always followed by the seasonal season .
the second artillery corps has a small size and far away from the educational and coordination zone of the second artillery force started to operate
the first batch of chinese students studying in beijing , a chinese military delegation , led by wang xixin , director of the beijing university of science and technology , and the second artillery corps , will become history .
this reporter recently learned that after six months of trial , the base has issued the " opinions on implementing the ' program for the implementation of ideological and political education ' " and the " measures for the ideological and political education of a number of small , scattered , and directly subordinate units at the base have already been officially operating .
and make new contributions to promoting the implementation of the " outline for ideological and political education " at the beginning of the year , the base organized forces to conduct in - depth study and study on the ideological and political education of units directly subordinate units , and the key problems that affected and restricted the effect of the effect of the ideological and political education of staff members on the status quo , and initially formed such a new educational pattern of cooperation among small units and units at different distance .
the area of cooperation is specifically aimed at breaking down the demarcation line between the unit establishment and establishing a " special unit " in a film area of relatively centralized units , and making unified planning for education on theme . units under different ties have nearly one - sided hearing or dialling long distance through the same class system .
adopt the approach of competition and appointment through competition , and adopt the method of unified allocation of educational forces ;
each co - ordination zone has set up a series of education series , including teachers and students ' education .
on this basis , the various cooperative zones have also established a pattern of emergency education , involving students , making an emergency ideological report and evaluation .
the political department of the base , zhang shimin , told this reporter that the establishment of a political education and coordination zone has reduced the waste of educational resources and also deepened the educational results .
some political issues are fearful that officers and soldiers of foreign units are not going to learn new knowledge and explore new methods of education .
the education of officers and soldiers also made a series of mistakes in education , fearing that they could be compared and discerning the officers and soldiers of their friendly units .
this way , things are interesting and interesting .
the commander of a certain detachment of the north china sea fleet was assigned to soldiers .
the first batch of students from hong liu hongjun reported : on 17 july , a female student at a certain group of the north sea fleet led by zhang weijun , deputy chief engineer of the general staff department , 31 servicemen of the brigade were delighted to set foot on the yingling train , a long - standing military customer who had been working on the front line .
grade 6 ncos luo xiangming said happily : the leaders of this group care for and cherish soldiers and moved us from behind . we definitely make efforts to work hard !
they should organize soldiers at the grassroots level to study diligently in this brigade .
not long ago , yao yousheng went down to the grass - roots level to see some soldiers taking care of their work , risking their lives in equipment maintenance work , and moved yao qingsheng deeply .
hello , the soldiers have worked selflessly . the party committee should care for the soldiers and take care of their health . at the party committee , yao qingsheng 's remarks were endorsed by all .
the party committee decided after studying the decision to assign the quotas to the battalion to work and go to the front line soldiers .
the officers and men of a unit of the jinan military region have made the issue of the topic of uncle sking
the first batch of the new - type aircraft carrier ,
wang weiqin made a special impression on li deying on 25 july . the author watched huo at a certain unit in jinan military region : a piece of work that attracted the attention of senior nco cadres , such as the recruitment of the military engineering project , and the promotion of cadres to join the party .
according to su chengsen , the first time the unit has been set up to promote the system of opening its affairs to the public .
there are many things that the party committee of this military has formulated the " two - way supervision " -- " questions of sensitive issues " for strengthening the building of party style and clean government , and other measures , calling for the reconsideration of the vital interests of officers and soldiers and hearing opinions of officers and soldiers at the grassroots level after making decisions , and making decisions according to the situation , making arrangements for handling affairs according to standard procedures and making things go out .
the unit set up a silk box , which makes things difficult to open up , and make wide inquiries .
at the beginning of the year , the soldiers ' renovation project and renovation work started , the party committee and organs extensively solicited opinions of officers and soldiers , then issued public bidding information , and implemented open bidding .
it has saved both funds and money , and has also won the support of officers and soldiers .
the practice of openness and fairness has promoted the formation of a good atmosphere at the grass - roots level .
in this unit , grass - roots companies , regardless of whether they are large or hot - point and sensitive affairs , or even young people who go to sleep , the daily expenses of each individual 's day - to - day expenditures , and so on , always persist in making public announcements regularly and consciously accepting the masses ' supervision .
us rates on 30 - year mortgages down in beijing beijing , nov. 20
xinhua news agency , july 2 , iceland scientists discovered through research that two kinds of genes have broken through human rooms , far higher than ordinary people 's risk .
according to the latest issue of " nature " magazine , the commentary series released by the linge herbage company conducted a comprehensive and systematic study of the incident involving several thousand people from iceland and the united states , and several thousand people from hong kong , china .
scientists discovered that the two genes and heart cells were important in the early stages .
the house was shook and the center of clinical most thought was lost .
in addition , according to the " natural heredity " magazine published on 1 july , the wave wave voice from the sexual agent company was still in the human chromosomes 17 th chromosomes related to the front eyada cancer , they were found in more than one third of the cases .
the study also found that one of the genes is very important in raising the risk of premaria and also lowering the risk of diabetes .
( sports ) old american gates to be listed in the american cup
xinhua news agency , marathon , july 3 ( reporter liu jian )
the venezuelan media reported on the 3rd that the 37 - year - old veteran keler said in an interview here that if the american cup could not find a suitable club after the match , then he would choose to retire .
if you do n't have any chance to go to the united states for four to six weeks after the american cup finals , i cannot get one - two - thirds of the high standard team 's contract , then retired may be a good choice for me .
with the rise of the doorstep , the team fell into germany and keler also left the team for two years .
although kelly was very cautious in taking the lead , he still looked at things in the press , he was not worried about his subordinates , he himself , currently as many as eight teams were intending to invite him ,
however , the former prime minister who had played sierra leone and german - style statesman said that he ultimately decided to hinge on my family , and my child is nine years old . he was with me in three different countries .
in the " golden cup " tournament that ended not long ago , kelle helped her win the championship .
the current american cup is a game of the head coach , bradley , who is still on the mission , but naihn is hard to fight four opponents , using the young guard of nearly - young people 's army as the orange team is not the elite adversary like juan bachelet , and the two matches , the big gate he stops by himself were put on seven occasions .
the next round of the colombian team , which is very likely to be the champion of columbia and keller in the american cup .
chinese vice - premier meets thai guest beijing , august 15
xinhua news agency , july 7 , 1999 - 2000
hello , huali 's chief executive
the " global post " quoted an incident of hue and hue in beijing office , saying that the 8700g model 's mobile phone will land in the chinese market at the end of august , with a price of about $ 5,000 .
" we are very pleased to learn that the company has made its decision to sell its own cell phone to the public last week , " said paulson , adding that as the competitor of ihe , black - berries cell phones have already been sold in more than 100 countries around the world .
according to statistics , in the first quarter of this year , siren - xuejing 's cell phone users reached 12.1 - million , and total users had moved 9-si .
us rates on 30 - year mortgages hit new york , nov. 15
xinhua news agency report of july 7th from huoji press spain attacked a woman in a coma , she dragged her face , and found a horse through her mouth , and the police had arrested him .
according to the media here on the 6th , the woman was found to have been in a bacteria bacteria store .
one day , a monster called a man 's mouth , thinking that it was a hijacking , she told him to leave the drawer .
however , the man did not take money , but chased the woman 's neck and thought about her .
she wanted to use the method of death to make a comeback , but that man did not let her go , or she chased her neck .
the fighting was a long - standing , and the woman was wearing a dark face , but she found out that husband was actually her .
the culprits were arrested by police .
the victim was told to the media that he was not in good love and she and her husband were going through the divorce procedure .
13 pilots resign from china eastern airlines wuhan company to file a countercharge of over 100 million yuan
xinhua news agency , wuhan , july 11 ( reporter liu yang and shuchu )
13 pilots put forward resignation , hue family
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration commission is currently trying the case .
in may this year , 13 people from china eastern airlines , including the pilot , submitted their resignation one after another and were refused by the company .
after that , the pilot successively reported the case to the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration commission in early june , asking for the termination of the ruling and the termination of the labor relations with the dongwuhan company .
china eastern airlines , wuhan , hainan , after receiving the notice , lodged a counterappeal , demanding that 13 pilots pay their unauthorized labor contracts with them , and ask them to pay more than 6 million yuan in losses caused by labor contracts to over 10 million yuan , and go to qiulu 105 million yuan .
it is learned that the pilot and the china eastern airlines signed a contract on unconditional labor , with the exception of the conditions of termination or dissolution , the validity of the labor contract will continue to apply to the pilot 's statutory retirement age .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee has made an appeal and a petition to hear this case . it is expected to end the trial before 8 august .
us rates on 30 - year mortgages to russia end in april
xinhua news agency , riga , july 12 ( reporter yang dehong ) visiting german foreign minister steinmeier said on the 12th that russia should pass the lapua - russian border treaty as soon as possible .
steinmeier said that she had a friendly conversation with foreign minister payee on the same day .
during the talks , the two sides exchanged views on the current situation and the future of the six - party talks .
steinmeier said that she had a sharp conversation with the whole region and the countries of russia , which were improving their relations , were relatively slow , and the signing of the treaty witnessed the development course of relations between russia and russia , but the shadow of history could also regress russia 's relations again , hoping that the russian side would pass the russian border treaty as soon as possible to promote the development of relations between the two countries .
in his speech on 27 march this year , after 10 years of negotiations , premier karl villepin and russian prime minister sikleykov signed the border treaty between the two countries in moscow .
on 17 may , the rawalpindi parliament passed the lapse .
according to the media report , the russian parliament will soon make a vote on the treaty .
us rates on korean peninsula nuclear issue to be held beijing , june 25
xinhua news agency , pyongyang , july 16 , by wire ( reporter haorong gao and xia yu )
the dprk and the rok military representatives held a grand military meeting in panmunjon on 16 june . the two sides decided through consultation to hold the sixth ministerial - level talks between the 24th and 26th .
according to the report by the central news agency , the dprk military has grown silpa linge in the day 's contact with the sea area in the western part of the dprk .
he said : the establishment of a common room must implement the principle of seeking common prosperity and common prosperity to the maximum and the work of safeguarding peace and stability .
pak sung - su said that the two countries ' disputes over the sea have long been resolved , and that in order to prevent military conflicts between the two sides in the western region , the two sides should abandon the maritime line that they have upheld so that they recognize and respect each other , and treat the relevant agreements between the rok and the dprk as the basis for international consultations .
he said that the timely formulation of military security measures is aimed at promoting cooperation and exchanges between the dprk and the rok , and is always adhered to by the dprk military .
he said : the rok side should make efforts to militarily safeguard the dprk 's non - governmental vessels from haizhou port .
this is another important meeting between the dprk and the rok in the near future following the dprk - rok military talks held on 10 april .
the fifth round of talks between the dprk and the rok was held in the dprk 's side from 8 to 11 may . the luncheon was presided over by the united states .
us rates on 30 - year mortgages rise to record high
xinhua news agency , seoul , july 18 , the korean hyundai motor company said in seoul on july 18 that it has no intention of acquiring any brand of wolfowitz or the 18 th company 's subsidiary .
the sunday times reported that the us government has been making a " big fuss " about selling wool - wolves a few days ago .
the sunday times reported that the us government has been making a " big " plan , saying that the hyundai motor company is a potential propellant .
hyundai motor said that we still need to learn from wolfowitz or lu tiger , and we are busy with modern things in implementing our own expansion plan , and simply too busy to care about it .
in 1999 , 64.5 - billion us dollars , ivorian , bought from the swedish wolfowl group .
at present , wolfowitz and sipao are all subordinate to the chief automobile group ( go magazine ) .
in march this year , the " siren " magazine , which was in a loss - making status , published hurespo and huojing , and indicated last month that it again considered selling road tiger and the czech leopard .
( sports ) cuba 's bow rope too short
xinhua news agency , rio de janeiro , july 21 ( reporter chen weihua )
the cuban delegation arrived in beijing on 21 july after a brief visit to beijing .
according to the international federation of fists , fist tablets at the international competition should be 6.1 meters , but according to the cuban team of boxing team , pedro roeker , the team of the cuban delegation , the rope of the pan american games boxing station is even more than 1 meters short .
roker said : we submitted a report to the congress .
the rope is too short to affect the flashing actions of the fists .
he also opened a silk road : if i had found a photo that was not up to the olympic standards , i could go to other places .
as we know early , we have learned from cuba .
mexico and colombia delegations also expressed their concern about the attack on taiwan rope on that day .
columbia boxing giuliao dobbis , despite having won the first battle , said : although i am victorious in the first match , fist is too narrow , it really makes me feel uneasy and makes it difficult to go , and go , " she added .
the large rabbit sugar regained overseas orders
xinhua news agency report of july 24th from shanghai ( by staff reporter xu shousong and lihong yu ) reporter learned from the guansheng ( group ) co . ltd . that the dabbit sugar at the shanghai port had recently resumed export , and many overseas urging orders were also made to go online .
the first anchor park in singapore , and the huo lin qingrong , a company in funan , recently sent a telegram to the company , saying that due to the result of the testing of the big rabbit and sugar staple dirt in singapore , it can be sold in the market and therefore required to go to go .
the first - class malaysian star , hengsheng , said that the corn garden was required to send a walking buckle to malaysia immediately from shanghai .
the first anchor garden in hong kong , the fifth fung trading company limited , also called the corn garden , which has attracted worldwide attention from the hong kong food safety center , which has collected a large quantity of lump sugar samples from hong kong .
the five largest companies have received the hong kong huc notice , which has decided to set up more than 100 stores in hong kong to resume sales of great white dirt sugar .
it is learned that , at one point , 10 fathers in shanghai port were already popular with foreign tourists .
at present , seven containers are being shipped out of the country .
us rates on 30 - year mortgages rise in britain
xinhua news agency , july 26 , london - - british police announced on july 26 that it seems that a suicide bomb attack that created the british acrobatic instrument in mid - july was arrested in klima county in lankester on the 23rd .
the police said that the person called pu - pao and mcclellan , 51 , and he would be punished for unemployment .
on 14 july , zhu rongji , member of the political bureau of the cpc central committee and president of the all - china women 's federation , was urgently closed because of a bomb threat .
hello , hubbub , the british people , when they heard the peak of purchasing , the headquartered british magazine huosi , a hugo - in , lost its income .
british police subsequently issued a bomb threat , saying that the bomb had threatened the incident and claimed that no terrorist activities had been found in the incident , but there might be some economic motives behind the incident .
( sports ) change flower age to beijing olympics , make trouble
xinhua news agency , beijing , july 28 ( reporter cui junqiang ) - the hue and hue beijing may become sister in the event of next year 's olympic games .
through changing the flower period and other technical means , scientific research personnel have found a good way to increase colored colors for the olympic games .
on 28 august , beijing held a summer evening banquet in new varieties and cultivation application study program .
in beijing summer , usually only one dozen or so popular sacrophone , or else , it was already drifting , or it was far from reaching the coarse .
scientific research personnel have made efforts to select the champion of the olympic games 206 varieties .
in the haidian park in beijing , the siren display display will be held in beijing 's haidian , and the countdown countdown ceremony will be held in the first anniversary of the opening of the beijing olympics .
us rates on 30 - year mortgages hit record
xinhua news agency , july 30 , by reporter jian wang , turkey 's supreme election committee released on july 30 the final results of the 23 rd parliamentary election showed that the ruling justice and development party won 341 seats in the 550 seats , and once again obtained the right to the party .
on 22 july , the two parties held a parliamentary election , with the republican party gaining parliamentary seats .
the national action party won a total of 71 seats in the election .
apart from the three parties mentioned above , 26 other countries voted for the seats .
turkey 's new parliament to hold parliamentary elections in august
at that time , all members will be sworn in and begin to perform their duties .
after that , the parliament will cast a vote without voting to elect a new parliament speaker .
the turkish parliament election was originally scheduled for november , but the president election at the end of april was not attended by the opposition parties as the only candidate , who is a just and developing party vice premier and foreign minister , and led to the failure of the presidential election , and the parliamentary election was therefore ahead of schedule .
