white house urges nuclear inspectors to monitor north korea 's closure
the white house today called for the dispatch of nuclear inspectors to oversee north korea 's closure of its nuclear reactor , and the white house sent nuclear inspectors to the dprk after us president bush talked with south korean president roh moo - hyun .
white house national security council spokesman jean cho said today that the two leaders discussed the possibility of a us - south korean nuclear cooperation in north korea 's nuclear issue and hoped that iaea inspectors would return to north korea soon to monitor the stoppage and closed up of north korea 's nuclear reactor .
mr cho pointed out that the two presidents also expressed their satisfaction over the us - south korea free trade agreement signed yesterday and would make efforts to ensure that the two countries ' congress ratify the agreement .
experts believe that pyongyang has produced a plutonium over the past 20 years , sufficient to produce 12 nuclear weapons .
the six - party talks , which started last week , indicated that he expected the yongbyon nuclear reactor would be closed in mid - july .
heavy rain in west india killed 43
the rainstorm in western india has been hit by torrential rains over the weekend , with water in some areas seriously flooded , and the inland control points in western part of the city were suspended .
the rescue officials said today that the tremors of 43 people .
from june to september every year , the precipitation caused by the wind often leads to india , a country with a population of 1.1 billion , flooding and even casualties .
this luxurious rain covers half of the victims in the floods and drowning up others because of the drowning of houses or the start of the field .
the financial center in india is also affected .
in the 3rd day alone , precipitated on the 33rd , landing on horses .
chief executive of the thai cabinet , bazarke , said that single - handee has killed 13 .
officials of the city government appealed to citizens to hold fast before the rain slowly , and not to go out to safeguard their own security .
the rain was slightly over yesterday , most areas of the expanse of the river still flooded today .
nearly 500 dead in indian river lake tips
according to officials and media reports , the number of deaths caused by dried rain in india has climbed to 4/4 in 2000 .
masri ikawaguchi , head of the indian press trust , revealed today that india 's various provinces have entered into the joint ventures of regions with heavy casualties and economic losses in the past week , and only one region with the largest economic losses , is known as the 3man whose death has been known to have reached 3:00 .
the report said that qadan was a " black " during his inspection of the port .
he said : at the same time , it is the largest thermal port province of india , the largest cotton producing province , with a vast expanse of vast territory , with 27 cities and towns suffering serious diseases in the watershed , with more than 10,000 disaster victims being safely housed .
india has been moving south and north from the whole country . it entered into its own areas a week ago . residents in various provinces have been holding dry times to greet luxury and rain with their hearts consecutively . however , they have not expected the rainy situation to be ferocious , rainstorms , highways to become low - lying areas , and low - lying areas have not been filled with water since the dry rain suddenly turned into dry rain .
the wimbledon network chavez 's discarding game najar entered the finals
the red earth king in spain today started a horse of the men 's single quarter in wimbledon on on the battle starts kogovic in a competition that kovic cannot fight back due to injury and lack of fighting yet again , and that marches will enter the final with the world champion of the world king of the dragon king of switzerland .
in his 16 th match with the eight teams , jovic was called to the guard during the match . he was beaten to the third set today because of the boiling water bowls and also asked the guard to receive treatment . later he could not consciously wound again and decided to abandon the game .
the fourth seed jokovic retreated and the original 3 - 6 + + lead was four - er , one champion , one champion , one champion , second seed , one lead .
apart from the initial warm - up machine , the pole was overturned after it was overturned . the third two matches were all on the one hand .
the satellite 's + palm shows that iran 's tapping tunnels are feared to be protected
the us think tank , the institute of science and international security , said today that commercial satellites show that iran is currently building a mountain excavation tunnel near the nadez uranium enrichment facility , perhaps to protect its nuclear equipment during the air attack .
these pieces of hormones are developed from the united states ( polish ) on june 11 , and are made public on scientific and international security research web sites .
the institute is located in washington , where it is a non - profit research organization .
the broker showed that only one foot - long area south of the natanz facility was moving along the mountain , and the construction was in the direction of the mountain , and the inside was a uranium enrichment plant .
analysts o ' braht and brainnan pointed out in a report that the main entrance of the tunnels is not clear , but the road one seems to be connected to a tunnel facility , and another road may also lead to the main entrance of the whc .
they said : a dig like this is filled with tunnel facilities in the mountain , and will give full play to the very good protection role in the operation .
un envoy holds nuclear talks with iran
the united nations international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) said today that it has agreed to resolve the iranian nuclear issue through talks with iranian officials .
however , iranian president ahmadinejad has increased pressure on the un to further impose sanctions , and he still stubbornly resists .
" the iranian regime will not stop uranium enrichment , but it welcomes the latest talks .
he said : the tendency of mechanical loose and drift can slow down or accelerate , which is an issue of implementation , but no one should expect that we will give up our rights , and we will not stop this trend .
he made the above remarks when he arrived at hyoginin .
the purpose of the visit is to draw up a plan to resolve the iranian nuclear issue caused by its nuclear plan .
the un has failed to freeze uranium enrichment work because it has imposed two sets of sanctions on iran .
the iranian news agency , the press agency , says that hainuinen and iran 's national security council assistant president wadi are in charge of international affairs .
the members of the iran talks group also include the deputy chairman of the atomic energy organization , and ambassador to the international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) , sao tandinhiye .
the palestinian prime minister fatah will head a new government in the same period
the palestinian authorities have set up a military command in the tremors in the eastern corridor of gaza that has been in force for a month . the prime minister fawn quit , but immediately took charge of a new government .
deputy minister of agriculture and social affairs hashbhi told afp : prime minister yahoe submitted his resignation to president abbas and asked him to handle the new cabinet , which is responsible for routine affairs of abbas .
abbas 's trojan mill told afp that his resignation was ordered to + start his current post until he had started his new government .
the respected law of economics scholar fahd has submitted his resignation , but only procedural resignation , and will not shake his position as prime minister .
since last month 's french leader ya'er de la rua led the palestinian cabinet to implement abbas 's emergency orders after violence in gaza .
according to the basic law of the palestinian autonomous government , the ministers of ministers must not hold more than 30 days of negotiations , but the autonomous council is now paralyzed .
the power of the emergency government expires today .
wto representative 's new case breaks the impasse in doha round
the wto 's main negotiators today proposed that the united states significantly reduce its subsidies to agriculture , and the developing countries should substantially lower their tariffs on industrial products in order to break the deadlock in the doha round of trade talks .
the official said that the new pattern of leverage requires that us subsidies for agriculture be reduced from one hundred plus one dollar per year permitted in the united states to two hundred million dollars , and developing countries reduce the import of industrial products to below .
these proposals were aimed at breaking the deadlock of the doha round of talks over the past six years and bringing about a compromise agreement among wto members .
wto secretary general says these proposals are within the limits of the emerging market economy , which has reached a balance of goals that are fair and reasonable .
lamy said : the proposal of divides member states will not be completely satisfied with the contents , but the problem of discriminatory ideas at present is less than the problem of obtaining consensus .
he called for intensive negotiations in the next few weeks .
the influence of strong earthquake and zero - breast automobile plants
japan was strongly affected by a series of seismic diseases such as the deadly leak of cars and sunset automobile manufacturers said today that they will suspend domestic automobile production .
japan 's trothick geomeiant was attacked by 6.8 strong tremors on a scale , and the automated research company was forced to suspend operation of the tokyo area 's hotfield , thus affecting the production of the vehicle chain .
the world 's most popular auto manufacturer , a female spokesman , said that tonight , the suspension of domestic automobile production will be on the alert .
nissan 's spokesman said that the next day , the day after tomorrow , the daily output of two japanese factories in three japanese factories will be suspended from some production and will be reviewed over the weekend .
he said that both factories have two sets of dried poles , one of which will be affected , but the company may increase its rotation work next month to make up for the backward production progress .
suzuki said that the three days starting tomorrow will be suspended , some production will be suspended , and some production of dried ducks will be suspended tomorrow , and the production of small cars will be suspended starting from 21 february , and will be evaluated .
the automobile said that it is possible to suspend some leaning machines next week .
the earthquake killed at least 10 people and injured polish miners , and several hundred houses were forced to hold factories in the disaster areas .
extravagant procurement order indonesia cancels hawking green bag
but he said that the government would not be able to make a decision on the purchase of british pole bags in view of the earlier rush to hong kong this month .
the bus stop at the dawn in indonesia 's high - consumption zone , says : the momentum of growth in hong kong has been removed in our environmental - protection bag due to the hong kong incident .
if the people were to have a new taiwan dollar 4heng over 40,000 rupees ( about nt $ 40,000 ) , it would have no value at all .
he held a meeting of the hong kong people on 6 april outside the shop and prepared to buy a halibreast design designed by a british hand , a hand holding a dawn dominiast design that contains a flavor of one particular object of the lu keng 's green bags . however , the store family refused to give up the appearance , triggering a tendency of tillage .
this " green - minded " product tried to replace the existing flavor with a trick , but it was beyond expectation that a new overnight holiday would be used in london and new york , triggering several times the price of the e'ard - shaped website had already reached zero .
the only company that has obtained the power to sell in indonesia has stubborn stubborn sticks to its stubborn stallion , says it is not sure whether it will sell in a few days .
the hostage crisis started to breed south korea
afghan hostage group kidnapped 23 south korean hostages and set a deadline for the withdrawal of south korean troops from armenia , otherwise they will be killed .
with time passing by by by minute and minute , the situation has developed positively . south korean officials today held talks with the bloc for the first time .
however , at the same time , it says that the other german hostage was very weak and started to fall into a stalemate .
the monster called on germany and south korea to withdraw from afghanistan and demanded that these hostages be exchanged for 33 guerillas sentenced by the afghan government .
the spokesperson for the + hammer said in a telephone interview with afp by telephone at unknown locations : we have contacted south korean representatives directly through the elder tribal .
" the speed of development is high , " amadi said , adding that he hopes the talks will produce results .
they set local time evening ( 10 : 30 p.m . taiwan time ) , the deadline for the final deadline , and will start killing south korean hostages once .
the number of hours of polyethyship has been extended twice .
the dispute over the sea is difficult to gather consensus the military talks between the two koreas dispersed in unison .
because of the different interpretations of the maritime boundaries , the three - day high - level military talks between the north and south koreas dispersed unexpectedly today .
in border cities , talks were held , and the final day of talks was held today . north korean chief representative kim jong - il said : our determination is that we should not have any conclusion .
the face is clear and the face - lift golden glasses of displeased with south korea , deliberately aiming at replacing the original limits of the original northern limits of the waters .
he pointed out that the limits of control thread are not legal .
the northern limit line of the wind in the harvest river has set the precedent for the us military after the end of the korean war in 1953 . north korea even refused to acknowledge it .
north korea said it had illegally intruded into the waters , causing tensions , and south korea said that the allegation was groundless .
the local waters broke out in june 1999 , causing dozens of north korean crew members .
the rumor of a clash again in june 2002 , killing six south korean .
us treasury secretary arrives in china for environmental protection and exchange rate
us treasury secretary powell arrived in china yesterday for a visit , and the united states is making every effort to persuade china to further implement the necessary economic reform and environmental protection work , especially the rmb exchange rate issue that has attracted much attention .
us diplomats said that powell first visited china 's northwest provinces in qinghai and zhan in northwest china .
at present , china is near the strongest aral waterlake , carrying out a series of environmental protection plans .
powell today will be transferred to beijing to discuss with chinese officials in charge the possibility of promoting the strategic economic dialogue between the united states and china initiated last year .
the us - china strategic economic dialogue mainly discussed topics such as environmental protection , but the most important thing is the issue of the rmb exchange rate , which us congressmen believe that renminbi has overestimated .
us - china trade deficit is rapidly emerging in the united states , and pressure within the united states is gradually rising . congressmen are prepared to take retaliatory actions to confront their so - called china unfair trade policy .
last week , the finance committee of the us senate passed a bill by overwhelming vote , calling on the finance ministry to reckon a basically fault valuation of currencies , thus opening the door for potential economic sanctions against beijing .
us congressmen said that the renminbi undervalued has made china sell very much less goods to the united states , and this has aggravated the imbalance in us - china trade last year . the us trade deficit with china has reached $ 2.5 billion .
mooichi maintained that the speed of development of the western region will be completely withdrawn before the 1960 s .
at the beginning of the horse , mooio has always been the focus of media speculation in the future . however , just like before , portuguese once again stressed that he would definitely stay in west london this summer .
some newspapers listed 14 sunshine handcuffs , but i will stay in western regions , around the richest regions , with breast surgery .
malio reiterated that he hopes that the new portuguese team will be able to steer up one day , and that portugal really wants to coach in portugal . i believe that the portuguese football association will always have one day 's whip and hope to hire me as the head of the team .
however , 44 - year - old malio did not intend to make a contribution to soccer , saying he would retire before 60 . he did not want to be as optimistic as pope john rothson and fregergson .
i 've already promised my wife that i will not be as good as robuffet and i will teach 70 years old .
the monster poles reached the age of 60 . i thought of thorough control of the hormones .
i have too many things that i cannot do now waiting for me to do .
i do n't want to be a soccer advisor or or technical director , for example , baldano or saki .
i do n't want to play such a role .
i do n't want to be the chairman of a club , i only want to thoroughly shoot around the ball , stressing that the goal is to achieve a goal .
( qi liang )
cao shengsheng , a soldier from cao shenglu village in hongdong , shanxi , tried cases involving hand tremors in hand dumps in the black regions (
chinanews.com , july , under the attention of the public , today at the first trial of the first trial of first trial of cao shengfeng village , tsao shengfeng village , guangsheng village , hongdong county , shanxi , on trial of the case of cao shengbing 's black bricks in cao shengjun village , hongdong county , shanxi , which was in first trial of the case of public concern .
many domestic media have been paying attention to the progress of the case .
because the relevant local departments were rather cautious , some reporters were unable to go to the scene to gather news .
at present , the + process is still going on .
according to the investigation by the linfen city intermediate court , if the probation of that day is smoothly concluded , the probation will be completed .
but can the court pronouncement still be unknown .
at around 9 : 00 am , a reporter noticed that the situation outside the main gate of the linfen city intermediate court was calm and there was a tendency between the two on the road .
perhaps , the trial of the driving force that is currently under way in the court .
when the horse reaches , it will result , believing that the law is fair .
a veteran who has passed through this place looked at the national emblem engraved , self - spoken .
before this , it was confirmed that wang bing 's father , cao shengjie , had been arrested by the court for his fathers cao dongqi , had been dismissed from his post as deputy to the county people 's congress .
earlier , wang dongji had been arrested for involvement in a blackspot case involving wang bing 's jian .
the " blue force " accident , triggered by the wang bing 's black bricks and ditches , caused a domestic and foreign attention . the central authorities ' high - level leaders issued a written instruction to investigate the case .
the dprk and the rok have reached an agreement on cooperation in developing light industry and underground resources .
chinanews.com , july 8 .
the dprk and the rok held consultations on 7 july on cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources .
according to the agreement , the rok will provide the dprk with raw materials for producing light industrial products such as clothing , and will grant some domestic exploitation rights to the rok .
according to a report by japan 's development society , south korea and north korea held a meeting in kaesong in three days on cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources , and finally reached an agreement .
according to the agreement , the rok will provide clothing within the limits of the production of raw materials , total value of soap , with the dprk .
the dprk will include three domestically - developed expeditions to the rok .
the rok government will begin a large - scale survey of the gowns from inchuan port in the western part of the country on 25 july .
according to the plan , the rok and the dprk have jointly conducted an investigation on the eastern part of the dprk .
the rok government started to start to provide the dprk with 400,000 tons of rice .
after the dprk indicated its willingness to actively carry out the agreement reached by six countries , including the closure of nuclear facilities , the economic cooperation between the dprk and the rok has once again become active .
the lanzhou price control bureau explained the limitations of the naked meat : just because of the too big increase .
chinanews.com , lanzhou , july 10 ( huang party )
this afternoon , the price control bureau of lanzhou city invited relevant departments to hold a forum on the issue of limiting the flesh flowery .
at the press conference , it was learned that departments such as the bureau of seized dump balloons and other departments jointly issued a top price limit , mainly because the price increase of the flesh surface was too big and exceeded the tolerance of most residents .
it is learned that the increase in the meat surface price this time has reached 20 percent , and data statistics have been the highest level since the early 1980 's , when the price of the naked flesh in lanzhou has been the shortest and the biggest increase .
" the government 's behavior is to take into account the economic capabilities of ordinary residents in the region , and the maximum price we set is to go through cost investigation , " said the director of the lanzhou city bureau of commodity prices .
on 26 february , the bureau of controlling prices in lanzhou city jointly conducted a survey on the prices of meat , with the highest limit on the surface prices of the meat . the news immediately sparked strong concern .
it is learned that the forum was aimed at extensively soliciting opinions from various circles and soliciting opinions and suggestions for the next step of the specific management measures , and it is also revealed that lanzhou will hold a news conference tomorrow .
this will be the first time that lanzhou city has held a news conference on the issue of rising the flowering price .
penalty the china regional development promotion association : stop activities for three months
chinanews.com , july 11 according to information from its website , on july 9 , it has stopped its activities for three months at the china regional development promotion conference .
the penalty order shows that the china regional development and promotion association has the following violations : collecting overstocking standard one after another , collecting fees from non - member units .
after investigation , the standards for the possessed members are 21,000 yuan a year , the number of dawn members will be 2-february 2007 , with a total of 20 units collecting 21,000 yuan from members of the same 20 units , except for collecting 21,000 yuan from each individual units , and the other collected items from each individual member each year , each individual fee ranged from $ 80,000 to $ 7 , with the remaining 80,000 plus fees , including fees collected from the structure , which
they are determined to carry out their work in accordance with the provisions of section 1 ( 8 ) of the " regulations on registration and management of social organizations , " with the probationary favorable conditions for the probation that the association will stop its activities for three months , and with the legal sealing of the relevant articles .
the rok government hopes to speed up the process of denuclearization of the peninsula through the six - party talks
chinanews.com , july 12 - according to a report by the korean news service , the rok government expressed its welcome to the meeting of the heads of the delegations to the six - party talks to be held in beijing on the 18th .
the rok ministry of foreign affairs and trade issued a commentary on 12 june , saying : it hopes to discuss the possibility of ending the initial stage measures at the head meeting of the delegations to the six - party talks as soon as possible , implementing the next phase measures , and holding the specific and substantive plans for the six - party talks , so as to accelerate the process of denuclearization of the korean peninsula .
the commentary also claimed that as the core of the dprk nuclear issue , the chinese government will play a constructive role in rapidly realizing a nuclear - free korean peninsula and will cooperate with relevant countries in this regard .
officials reveal that beijing olympic games may create the biggest number of participating countries and regions
chinanews.com , july 16 .
xinhua news agency reported that the international development department of the beijing olympic organizing committee , vice minister wang shilin , revealed on 14 june that the beijing olympic organizing committee will send a message to the ioc 's 205 member olympic committees next month to participate in the ioc 's sports quest .
he said that if no accident happens , the beijing olympics will be the largest olympic games ever in history .
the report said that from 10 to 12 june , wang shilin , on behalf of the beijing olympic organizing committee , briefed the general assembly of the pan - american sports organization conference on the preparations for the beijing olympics , including the setup of mini - traffic control zones , etc.
wang shilin said : the various member countries and regions of the pan - american sports organization have shown tremendous enthusiasm for the beijing olympics . all 42 members have confirmed that they will attend the olympic games in beijing next month .
it is learned that at this meeting , the ioc will work together with the beijing olympic organizing committee to officially invite ioc 's 205 member ioc olympic committees to participate in the ioc .
( gao peng , yang limin )
wang yan 's condition improved " insisting on " stool stool " and " stool " muscle - rope - related muscles
wang yan has been able to sit on the stool , but the time is not too long , and she feels dizzy , yesterday ( wu xiqin , director of the zhejiang sports bureau 's sports bureau 's center , told reporters .
the injured wang yan 's injury was still improving . among them , left upper hand limbs are recovering and more than 10 days ago , more than two magnitude higher than before .
this month , wang yan got a lotus from the sixth college of shanghai ( a special ward ) .
in the past half month , wang yan 's upper limb muscle has improved further .
doctor wang yan 's hormones have reached four levels , more than five times the normal level of five , and more than one level left hand hormones are at 3 or above .
in other words , in less than half a month , wang yan 's upper limb horse power resumed two supernumerical powers .
the horse , wang yan , with the help of doctors , has been able to stay on the bed for five minutes .
hospital rehabilitation experts originally planned to let wang yan be in the hospital under the protection of the rehabilitation bed last week .
however , according to wang yan 's current restoration , the training on refreshment in the area was to be postponed temporarily .
wu xigui said : wang yan 's current exercise mainly covers a hand - holding area , which can stick to her tenacity on a stool , but she still cannot grow too long ( wang wei ) .
venezuelan president says cut of wages to civil servants
chinanews.com , july 23 - roundup by general report : venezuelan president castro spoke on 22 july on domestic and foreign policies .
he said that the civil service pay cut would be substantially reduced .
he also said that if foreigners attack the venezuelan government , they will face serious consequences and be expelled .
the mortem has ordered government officials to closely monitor the statements made by foreigners during their visit to venezuela and discovered that anyone publicly criticizing him or the venezuelan government would expel him .
he said on the evening of 22 april that venezuela could not tolerate foreigners running at home to find fault with their hands and feet .
in his speech , he also pointed out that a major cut in the salaries of senior civil servants would be made .
he said that the wages of venezuelan civil servants could not exceed the monthly average of us dollars .
it is learned that in venezuela , the monthly income of some impoverished people is calculated with some us dollars .
in latin american countries , the action to cut civil service salaries has become a common practice and has won the support of the broad masses of people .
peru , the leaders of the countries like the expedition , have all reduced their salaries .
he added that cuban leader castro reminded him to pay attention to the control moves from the us side .
he said that carter presented him a us central intelligence document , which says that the head of the central authorities of the united states , please see the various secrets of the central intelligence bureau .
masse - proof spy case concluded yesterday at the conclusion of the hearing on mai kaie 's provisional penalty
last night beijing time , the council of the international automobile movement issued a statement on the special hearing on the farari technological espionage case in paris . the summoned mai khai escaped a robbery : the council decided not to punish mai kai luan for the time being .
the international automobile federation 's official network issued a statement after the hearing , saying : the number of windows is at 3 : 00 a. m . maiden . mud possessed confidential data in fallarashi . however , there is no sufficient evidence to indicate that these incorrect data are used in the first - level international automobile union championship in the locality . therefore , the penalty will not be used properly .
however , the farari technical espionage case has not cut its feet on it .
the council of the automobile movement also indicated in this decision : if the conceptual faulty information is discovered in the future , that french ferrari 's relevant information will be used for damage of the championships , we reserve the right to demand that the hag steelt back the hearing rights of the automobile council of the automobile championships , and they may face the penalty of being cancelled or even cancelled by the + 2007 + number of competitors .
he said that the kailima wheel , former chief designer of the maikuan wheel , has been suspended and has been found to have nearly 800 pages of technical documents including the design of fallarli 2007 , which includes the wheel - design of fallari 2007 , and the construction of a series of testing points , including the development of the engine series .
the wheel of horrible horse , the england expedition , did not know the information , maikou wheel car had no magdalari .
( wang yuan )
experts believe that the speed of insurance and the speed of leverage within a short period will not be within the short term
chinanews.com , july 30 .
according to a report by china securities news , the " provisional procedure on the management of overseas investment of insurance funds " was promulgated a few days ago , and insurance funds have a broader space for the use of the capital market .
the chief investment officer of china 's auto - share company , liu lefei , believes that the rmb 's appreciation and the domestic capital market are improving , and insurance institutions will not invest overseas through foreign currency purchase in the short term . this also implies that the domestic stock market funds will not be diverted through overseas investment through foreign exchange purchase .
the report said that many insurance institutions hold the same viewpoint .
experts said that since there is no such market as rmb floating products , the insurance institutions have not enough risk - evasion measures , and the time for large - scale procurement of foreign exchange is not ripe yet .
liu lefei said : in the long run , foreign investment in the allocation of assets should occupy a certain proportion in the overall allocation of insurance companies .
however , given the fact that the rmb has a greater pressure of appreciation , china will mainly use its foreign exchange funds to carry out overseas investment .
the state council will continue to provide financial support to foreign - funded enterprises in the country in the current circumstances .
( shang ju )
china 's loss of blood directly this year is 52.5 billion yuan
this reporter has learned from the national flood and drought control headquarters that by july , the whole country had toppled 181 million mu of poplar crops , including 5.414 million mu of which was destroyed , 1.19.15 million people were affected by the disaster , 61.15 million people died , and 45.52 million yuan of economic losses were directly caused by the disaster .
the area of farmland affected by drought is 140 - billion mu , with the growth momentum of the upper reaches of dried ducks occurred due to drought .
in july , the national flood prevention and drought control headquarters , in light of the current grim situation of flood prevention and drought control , made urgent arrangements .
all provinces along the huai he and the general headquarters have strengthened their efforts to guard against precipitation during the water retreat period and seize comprehensive victory in flood control .
the national general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control , along finance , has sent three work teams to guide flood prevention and drought control work in major dry areas .
at present , the work of eliminating devils is being carried out in an intense and orderly manner , with the flow of precipitated waters in xinhe , and henan is also throwing into leak flood , while the three provinces of jiangsu are intensely leaking haoka , three provinces in henan .
but there is no big risk .
the heilongjiang river economy and jiangxi province started an emergency response plan to fight drought in accordance with the plan . the anti - drought work is being carried out in an orderly and tense manner .
( by reporter zhao yongping )
chen shui - bian has secretly criticized the judicial intervention in the taiwan " judicial yuan " and denied and demanded an explanation .
chinanews . com , july 30 chen shui - bian questioned the possibility of taiwan judicial personnel wanting to get involved in the election of leaders in the taiwan region .
the administrative departments of taiwan 's upper reaches of the upper reaches of the hot pole , indicated on the same day that the current performance of judges on the island is not in keeping with what chen shui - bian said , and demanded chen shui - bian to explain his statement .
according to taiwan 's " troika " report , chen shui - bian questioned the justices or investigators on 30 june , but due to political factors or election considerations , the impact of involvement or even the campaign activities of the candidates of various parties were attempting to influence the candidates of various parties . he said he hoped that this phenomenon would not exist in taiwan , but it might be very difficult .
in response to chen shui - bian 's doubts , taiwan 's judicial rulers have not responded to the inquiry by lu hsiang - sheng , a mechanized mechanization , without responding to the feedback of the mechanics .
kao kaichi said : the basic laws and rules governing judges in taiwan clearly state that judges should exceed political parties and not participate in political party activities , and judges are very cautious in observing relevant restrictions , while judicial rulings have very carefully observed relevant restrictions .
gao jinzhiguo pointed out : kaohsiung high - speed court judge zhang shengxi took part in the high - speed college course several years ago , because the relevant courses have the flavor of political parties and the self - discipline committee formed by judges .
zhang shengxi once wanted to join the dpp , which also had disputes over running in the dpp , and finally decided to abandon it .
gao jinzhi maintained that if the trial of individual cases is conducted , there will be a ruler at the court level , and the results of trials cannot be won alone , he concluded that judges have no political intention .
germany to lower import threshold for professional talent
the first meeting of the chinese academy of sciences ( cas ) was held in berlin on 1 july .
german education minister shaukat saya said the other day that germany should lower the " rules " on limiting the import of foreign professional talent and , through increasing the introduction of foreign talent , solve the problem of professional talent facing germany by increasing the introduction of foreign talent .
according to the oecd report , germany has reached the age of 15 to 64 years old and will gradually decrease its workforce .
if there is no sufficient immigration , by 2020 germany 's labor force will decrease by 6 % .
however , the german federation of employers and the german association of engineers reported that in the current labor market , engineers with professional skill are relatively strong .
according to data from the federal labor bureau , in may of this year , engineers in the german labor market supply volume was about 170,000 , and technicians supply around 9600 .
in order to protect the employment of its own people , germany has set a relatively high threshold for introducing foreign talent .
germany 's " flexing method " stipulates that professionals from non - eu countries cannot hold lower than 85,000 euros in germany , otherwise they cannot obtain permission for their work and residence in germany .
he suggested that this limit be lowered to the limits of luster .
we should not blindly follow the law .
the draft amendment to the law on lawyers , which has been submitted to the npc standing committee for examination and approval recently , stipulates : those who have engaged in law research and other professional work , and who have high - level personnel or similar professional expertise , who apply for the law to practice their business , shall be approved by the judicial administrative department of the state council and be granted the status of lawyers .
( 28 june " china : china " )
in the law , there are signs of mechanization and mechanization , and the first one mainly includes legal teaching and research work , and other such tremors are engaged in litigation legal consultation services , such as legal consultation services , etc.
for a long time , laws have developed and applied laws and rules regarding intellectual affairs exist among the population , while those in the field of knowledge and those in the field of knowledge have failed to exist as mechanically mechanized mechanized mechanized mechanized mechanics and mechanized patriarchal patriarchal patriarchal , and mechanized leverage of veraging the theory of mechanized mechanics have been critical critical of the theory of the theory of the marxist theory , which
with regard to such differences in division of labor , the law can do it without maintaining a single hand supporting any party .
however , the uphill illumination of the " law of lawyers " objectively recognized the laws and rules of the 20th century , which are more objective than laws .
in fact , some experts engaged in legal history and international laws are purely in theoretical research and teaching . their theoretical topographical high points are no longer closely related to legal practice .
thus , the control over the structure of the licenses of laws has undoubtedly opened a loose prospect for the laws that exert an extremely bad influence .
the tendency of superstition in the knowledge of the theory is not limited to these , for instance , experts and experts will often influence or even veto the court 's judgement , and this is also a direct manifestation of superstition .
encourage chinese - funded ships to display sailing
the " red army " of the pla navy
judging from the press conference held by the state council , china will implement the policy of international shipping ships of china capital international , china , beginning 1 july this year , to encourage chinese - funded ships that hoisted foreign flags to return to china to register and obtain the prc 's registers and hang on passports .
to further promote the healthy development of china 's maritime industry and expand china 's rotation , china 's marine vessels engaged in international navigation are registered and hanged outside the country in light of the relevant problems caused by a considerable number of vessels being registered abroad and flying foreign flags . the ministry of communications recently issued the " notice on implementing the special registration policy for the implementation of the international shipping vessel special case . " it clearly stipulates the conditions for enjoying the policy of granting permission and application for entry requirements and
the application ship can select shanghai 's luqiu harbor to register ships for ships .
britain lowers control over terrorist attacks
xinhua news agency , london , july 5 th , by reporter lin guo
the british government has lowered the risk of terrorist attacks from the highest level to the top level , indicating that the next wave of terrorist attacks in britain will not occur , but the attacks will still be extremely likely .
at present , the british police have transferred the investigation scope to india and australia .
the eight terrorists arrested were all under medical system .
it is learned that nearly 20 % of the people working in the british public medical system have obtained medical qualifications overseas .
the prime minister also demanded that the restrictions on migration of high - tech knowledge be investigated , and that employers or relevant organizations be requested to provide background information .
do n't let the retailers get tired .
the picture is relaxing .
but in china , many people have encountered such a kind of worry , and in the midst of these businesses and intermediary business , they pursue after and pursue their careers .
whether it is a car or train , the upper hand will always encounter small retailers and some uncertified brokers .
it is not selling petty seeds of breast saplings , that is , selling newspapers and periodicals , and then introducing many unlicensed intermediary agencies to introduce food catering , and even false information .
if you do n't accept it , he can chase you several hundred meters , and if you are not successful , then you will become benevolent .
in some scenery , many horses also have the same feeling .
before entering the gate , some people started sighting and sighting on small matters .
after entering the door , this situation will be even more , and yaxing will be blamed even if the situation is good .
there was media reports that many foreign tourists who went to xian had a very unending praise for xian monuments , but they were not allowed to do so many times , and they were not comprehensible to allow the small business hawkers who had much to play up .
these include wind - shaped wind at stations , this kind of growth momentum , which emerged in certain regions , should be within an orderly , quiet , and harmonious , and provide a broad environment for the growth of the broadest population .
the free flow of commodities and the disturbance of the illusion has objectively undermined these emerging public order , forming a pollution control and environmental pollution structure , and at the same time , provides the conditions and opportunities for the growth of these areas .
what is important is that these concepts are the window and the eye on the whole of china 's spiritual civilization construction , and they are not only images but also will have an impact on local economic development .
just imagine , if you want to become a strong tourism industry , you will use this mess of tourism to greet the visitors coming from south to north . who will dare to come ?
your tourism economy will yield results ?
with the arrival of the peak tourism season , the number of tourists from the north and south creating a civilized tourism environment should be said to be a pressing task .
but the brothers do not have to be market , and small business hawkers should be regulated and operations without a license should be resolutely cancelled , and illegal activities should be resolutely cracked down .
a civilized and orderly environment can allow the young pioneers to get happy and return to their happy course .
in a word , do not let the retailers get tired .
the rewards of the original proponent can be deducted .
the construction of dongcheng district in beijing has used power generating , etc , as a means to disseminate electric shell and other products to reward 12 households who voluntarily retreat .
( " xin jing bao " ) 10 july
this writer has felt happy for the improvement of family life , but he has taken the initiative to keep the word about the word on the one hand , and still has the method of giving equal footing to the other , but has complicated mood .
jianji neighborhood office deputy director said that in light of the problems of low - income tax fraud , and other problems , encourage active withdrawal of minimal assurance is the model that has been provided for other low - income households .
if this model is to encourage other low - income workers to extricate themselves from the predicament through their own efforts , it is indeed worth advocating that , if this is used to contain those long - time low - income personnel who want to obtain protection , it is not an naive person .
in terms of differentiation and clearing up low - risk households , it is more dependent on the law .
relevant departments should strengthen the protection of low - income families when enjoying the minimum guarantee : timely notification of changes in family members and income , report on employment situation , and accept regular reexamination , while relevant departments should intensify their supervision and inspection .
after all , only by regaining control according to law can one survive long .
the neighborhoods have rewarded the kun within one month after retaining the demobilized family .
as a level - 1 government organization , the expenditure is borne by fiscal appropriations .
but the money of the taxpayer should not be spent ?
on the one hand , the withdrawal from the low - income families proves that they have the ability to possess certain self - sufficiency , and on the other hand , are those applying for low - income insurance still not ?
the " al-qa'ida " organization should provide emergency relief to the victims of the disaster , instead of adding flowers to the brocade .
liu said that the service provider would have more intense hatches .
on 10 july , the first public - run township with a loophole in the mu lan township , which has been directly elected , took up the post for the fourth time , with the rate of satisfaction among the democratic tymu of the new territories reached 97.7 percent .
when the reporter had a dialogue with liu diyi , liu diyi made himself a player .
( yesterday 's " xin jing bao " )
liu rigiyi 's flax service may be more flexible than some appointed cadres who have established mechanisms , have established mechanisms , have more real advantages than appointed ones .
compared with the system of direct election , the biggest obstacle lies in the former system of party members deciding the source of power , mainly by the higher level organizations , and the source of power , which determines that the former must put being responsible to the public in the first place .
the source of power and the responsibility for whom are responsible are the fundamental factors determining how the elected person will carry out his work .
some doubt that this kind of democracy is like a hot field of democracy .
my view is that with such a concisely conceptual monograph , it is better than not .
considering the reality of china 's grassroots democratic political construction , i believe that holding open elections is a major breakthrough . democratic concepts are the basis for internal democracy .
india expected to select first female presidential analyst
on 23 june , parker balloon , before the presidential candidate documents , came together .
the curtain of the indian presidential election began on 19 july . the new president will meet with president jiang zemin at the presidential palace of rajavat and the larjasone state , which recently resigned from his office , will soon resign .
palm is the first female presidential candidate in indian history . if she is elected , she will become india 's first female president .
parade is the presidential candidate of the ruling national congress party , while shaukat kawat is from the opposition people 's party .
since the congress party won the upper hand in the presidential election , the media and the public successively seized the chance of winning the election .
pariioux , 72 , is a female governor of the state of jastana .
she 's a tyrant , and she entered congress , rich experience in the development of the lashsupport state , and she was accorded government control powers .
she also devoted herself to social welfare , which is the result of many honorary presidents of culture and social welfare organizations .
analysts point out that parkinification became a candidate because she remained unhesitatingly at the indian national congress party chairman sonia gandhi .
in india , the gandhi family has long been in control of the ruling national congress party .
parade was welcomed by a large number of female voters , and female voters believe that parker will break with india 's female mentality that is seriously discriminating against women , and will enhance the female image .
the constitution stipulates that india is a federal state , and the president is the head of state and the ruling party in the name of the president , and does not represent any organization , much more of which is a symbol .
( yan yingguan )
the united states supports the palestinian government in expelling extremists .
washington , july 22 ( staff report ) -- the second artillery corps of the pla has established a new type of military equipment .
us president bush said on 21 march that the united states will fully support the pakistani government in regarding the export of extremist elements from pakistan 's border with afghanistan .
bush said on a weekly basis that according to the new us intelligence , bases in the united states have set up bases in pakistan and afghanistan to find security loopholes in their bodies .
he said he was worried about this .
bush said that the united states will continue to support pakistani president musharraf and believes musharraf will adhere to the struggle with bases and armed elements .
the recent " national intelligence assessment " report published by the united states points out that muslims armed organizations are particularly dominated by the moslem armed organizations , which are essentially within the territory of the principal , that poses a threat to the united states .
mashariqov met with some tribes in northern pakistan last september about preventing the emergence of forces and the growth of members of organizations that lead the backward forces and the bellicose bases .
these tribes do not have the ability to control their own regions without permission or have no ability to control themselves .
bush said in his speech that the decision to appoint musharraf is taking positive steps to correct this mistake .
the united states hopes that the dprk nuclear issue agreement will be fully implemented
washington , july 24 ( staff report ) -- the general staff headquarters of the pla held a meeting on the work of the pla in the new york area on july 24 th .
us assistant secretary of state richard boucher on six - party talks on nuclear issue the us chief representative said on 23 march that the six - party talks on the dprk nuclear issue held last week were very important , and the first time the meeting achieved real progress , but this was only a preliminary move on 23 august after the implementation of the agreement .
the united states very much hopes that the " september 19 joint statement " and the " 2.13 joint document " on resolving the dprk nuclear issue can be comprehensively implemented .
at a press conference on the same day , greek said that in order to achieve the goal of thoroughly resolving the dprk nuclear issue , it is necessary for the dprk to declare all its nuclear program by the end of this year and to realize the function of its nuclear facilities .
he expressed the hope that the parties concerned will fully implement the six - party talks ' agreement within one year .
hill also said that the united states will continue to play a constructive role in the talks on security and energy issues .
climate change leads to the rapid shrinkage of the british british army
in july , the reporter learned from geneva ( reporter liu jun )
the experts of the swiss academy of sciences have tracked research into the deep - rooted poles that grew at an average annual rate of 33.0 percent in 1850 to the horizontal frigate of switzerland .
the belt alone has led to the melting of a 18,000 % pawn .
experts believe that by 2100 , if the global temperature rises three years , the ice surges will be smaller than the current one , and five more expeditiously , the glittering of glasses will all vanish .
arizache glaciosed the longest glaciosis in europe and was listed in the un body 's world heritage list . however , it has decreased by 100 meters in one year from 2006 to 2006 , while protection has reached the peak .
the picture is a 23 - kilometer - long arch glaciage .
liu jun .
each of the beijing olympics has its own flavor and passes of each side has its own proposal : become civilized consumers .
beijing , 30 july ( jiefangjun bao )
reporter liang jie has learned from the china consumers association that at the 29th olympic games on 8 august , the countdown anniversary will soon begin , the consumers association of beijing municipality will hold an overview of the consumers association of consumers ' rights protection committees of shanghai municipality , the consumer association of lu jian association , the consumer association , the consumer association of qinhuangjian family , and the consumer protection organization of hong kong 's six cities and one district consumer protection organization in the name of consumers .
the proposal proposes : from our side 's consciousness of humanity and olympics , study the knowledge of courtesy , upgrade civilization , improve civilization , practice civilization standards , observe social rules , observe social rules , practice civilization , practice civilization , and practice civilization ;
enhance the awareness of the green olympics , protect the ecological environment , cherish the fruits of the floating boats , actively promote sustainable consumption , and become consumers who advocate green consumption ;
establish the consciousness of being diligent and frugal , change the concept of consumption , blindly control one 's feet , oppose extravagance , and become rational consumers with scientific consumption concepts ;
enhance the awareness of consumer protection , take the initiative in participating in social supervision , consciously respect the protection of intellectual property rights , correctly understand the rights and obligations , and act as a patron who keeps the rights and obligations according to law ;
advocating the spirit of dilemma and the awareness of active participation , propagating the concept of the olympics , and being the propagator of the spirit of the olympics .
the police force 's " c & d line " has celebrated the return of hong kong to china ten years ago
on 1 july , the police of nanjing jinghai temple was sounded after a cloud and began to melt .
this heavy historical echo , through television sets , loaned with the mainland and hong kong , citizens of nanjing and compatriots of hong kong together gathered together to celebrate the 10th anniversary of hong kong 's return to the motherland .
the first day of july 10 years ago , the belt bell in nanjing jinghai monastery regged 155 police forces over the territory of nanjing , and the monastery started to control 155 monitors ' monastery , which has historically separated the hong kong island .
the big dogs of nanjing society have gathered together . they said that they would try to achieve breakthroughs through their own efforts .
the bell of the police world is 1.842 meters tall , and it was the start of the breakout of the " nanjing treaty " in 1842 .
standing about 1.997 metres , it is a plot that keeps hong kong in return .
the planning and casting of the alarm bell wang fengling explained that five sets of rules were followed around the world , with each word in paper covering the body of the bell , the whole copper belt uses high floating sculptures , two longtuons that fire up , symbolizing that hong kong is the oriental pearl of the motherland , and symbolizing that hong kong is the mother oriental palm , the final palm of the mother , using the melo@@
the first suggestion was to build the police world democratic party member yu xiaosong said with great sense of the endowment of the east , that hong kong has returned to china for 10 years , and he hoped that hong kong would be able to continue to prosper as the dominant pole of hong kong tomorrow , like that one , bright bright tomorrow , without exception .
( end ) zhu xiaoliang , liu yang
russian security bureau accuses exiled oligarchy of " conspiracy to start a plot
russian oligarchy in exile london belovsky 's lawyer borolovkov announced on 2 july that the russian federal security bureau had formally filed a new charge against his litigants , and that the federal security bureau had plotted the state 's plots , accusing him of seizing power by violence .
borolov pointed out that during his visit to britain in april this year , belezovsky announced that he was ready to start a monster in russia , which confirmed that he was preparing to challenge the right - wing elite representatives of the opposition authorities ' policy .
the russian federal security bureau 's reconnaissance bureau immediately issued a " special investigation report on violent matters in accordance with clause 278 of the federal criminal law of the russian federation . recently , it formally submitted a corresponding accusation to the moscow state viviev court .
it has been learned that in february 2006 , the russian federal procuratorate filed a criminal case against him . based on the evidence that he was also a scolar in exile , it was confirmed that he attempted to seize the russian regime by force .
ben has been in exile abroad and cannot extradite . in january 2007 , russia temporarily suspended the investigation of the case .
on 2 july , the moscow sayyaf court began trying another case of exile oligarchy . the russian prosecutor accused perezovski of swallowing russian airlines 214 million rubles of funds and money laundering of 16 million rubles . the court decided to postpone it until 12 july to begin a court investigation into this case and will defend the accused country 's legal counsel .
bob said that these are within limits to the dialectical narrative , and explicitly forbids his own shield lawyers from participating in the activity .
( bi yuan )
guangxi zhuang autonomous region 's blank responsibility post under supervision of administrative efficiency
since the beginning of this year , all localities and departments in guangxi have launched activities to change cadres ' work style and strengthen the construction of administrative efficiency , and have carried out activities to set the first target set of administrative limits to pursue the " three oversight system " and the 33 key departments directly under the autonomous region have incorporated their supervisory work networks with the administrative efficiency examination and approval system .
up to now , 619 people have been investigated for their responsibility .
from zhouqi autonomous region 's discipline inspection commission on 5 july , the autonomous region 's discipline inspection commission has learned that at present , a preliminary formation of an administrative efficiency supervision network in jiashan county has taken shape , and supervision over key departments ' responsibilities has been strengthened . all the 14 cities ' electronic supervision systems have been linked to the autonomous region 's network .
the autonomous region 's electronic supervision system for administrative efficiency directly links to the 33 key areas directly under the autonomous region , which involve the investment environment and the production and livelihood of the masses of the people , to further regulate the examination and approval behavior and improve the efficiency of examination and approval .
at the same time , discipline inspection and supervision organs at all levels in guangxi have seriously investigated and dealt with cases involving the harm of work style and the masses ' interests . as of now , they have investigated and verified 1/769 individual cases , investigated and verified 769 cases , and investigated and affixed the responsibility of 619 persons of 584 units .
wu jichuan , member of the standing committee of the cpc committee and secretary of the discipline inspection commission , said on 5 march that supervision of administrative efficiency is a work accompanying the whole process of administrative activities and must gradually form a long - term mechanism .
guangxi should further improve and standardize all kinds of precipitations in administrative management and establish and improve the work mechanism and support mechanism for supervising administrative efficiency and effectiveness , include effluent supervision into institutionalized track , further standardize the supervision and inspection procedures , improve the complaint handling mechanism and the performance evaluation mechanism , intensify the investigation of responsibility , ensure the responsibility system for the first accountability system and the system of limited time of handling matters , and implement the system of work in a strict accountability system .
the chinese government has decided to set up a special investigation team for the death of the former soviet union ( eu ) in may .
nato does not rule out the possibility of cooperating with the united states on the abm system
nato information officer jean - claude manso said in an exclusive interview with xinhua on 9 may that the possibility of linking the us anti - missile system with nato 's self - defense system would not be ruled out .
simona dermanso said that nato is studying the us anti - missile plan and hopes that the us anti - missile base will cover all european allies .
she said : nato has its own theater missile defense system and has started discussions on the establishment of a strategic missile defense system , linking the us abm system with nato 's self - defense system is not impossible .
she also said that the united states ' plan to establish an anti - missile system in europe will promptly exchange information with russia through various channels .
the chinese government will continue to provide assistance to the african union ( eu ) , said a senior official here thursday .
two jordanian were sentenced to imprisonment for plotting attacks on americans
two jordanian men were sentenced to death for plotting an attack on jordan by the jordanian national security court on 11 november .
both of them are a 25 - year - old man with a hammer hut , a hamlet , a man who was sentenced to eight years ' imprisonment plus mandatory ensembles , and another man who worked hard for a three - year imprisonment and was sentenced to imprisonment for an extra - labor period .
court sources said that alatar was also charged with illegal possession of lotus while searching in his polish .
the court had originally decided to sentence him to life imprisonment in the hottar and later considered giving him a chance to + overhaul all the way around a + + + + after having considered reducing the probability for eight years .
the indictment claimed that the two defendants decided to provide financial assistance to those who were humiliated by americans after the iraq war broke out , and therefore planned to attack americans living in jordan .
in august 2006 , they seized a breast of eggs with a dumb man living in the capital of jordan , but were arrested before the police launched an attack .
the indictment did not disclose the identity of the american .
the indictment also accused the two defendants of planning to attack other americans , but did not reveal the details .
the chinese government will continue to provide assistance to the african union ( eu ) , said a senior official here tuesday .
the reason why the malady report has triggered a big increase in the number of reports .
according to reports by us media on 15 june , the heart disease and other bad reactions caused by the anti - diabetes drug vancoudiya has shown a dramatic upward trend in the united states recently .
the food and drug administration of the united states issued a security warning in may this year and suggested diabetes patients to be cautious with care because scientists published a new magazine " xin tan " on 21 may , which says that this popular drug will greatly increase the incidence and mortality rate of cardiovascular diseases of patients .
vendor 's control was affected by the close attention of doctors and patients .
statistics show that after a safety warning is issued , the us pharmaceutical authority has received 357 examples of the cases of malnourishment , of which 38 were reports of death .
in january and february this year , the pharmacy and poisons board received only 50 and 73 reports of adverse reactions respectively .
these bad reactions are lightly tied to bubble , weighing heavily to sudden heart disease .
however , the drug expert of the us drug administration believes that it is now the conclusion of benedict 's insecurity that has come to a hasty conclusion .
the board will hold a meeting on the mandy rules of vendor on july 30 .
in 1999 , the treble language diya was a kind of pancreas increasing agents , applicable to therapy .
around 6 million diabetes patients have taken or are taking wendiya .
vendor 's polish graffix has always thought that bendiya is safe and has a long - term interest over patients .
us wants to restart middle east peace process
us president bush delivered a speech in washington on 16 july , calling for holding a meeting on the palestinian - israeli issue this fall , inviting israel to some arab countries and other relevant countries in israel that have joined in to jointly promote the middle east peace process .
on 17 november , bush also called egyptian president mubarak on the 2nd and saudi king husbands respectively , calling on them to actively respond to the initiative and support the president of the palestinian national authority with concrete actions to help palestine and israel resume peace talks at an early date .
abbas says the plo central committee will discuss the early palestinian general election
palestinian national authority chairman abbas met with president abbas in ramallah on 18 november , saying that the two - day meeting of the central committee of the palestinian liberation organization ( plo ) would discuss such issues as holding an early election of the palestinian national authority and the legislative council .
abbas said in a meeting with eu foreign and security affairs minister jean - claude juncker at the ramallah presidential office that if the plo central committee makes relevant decisions , the president will have the right to issue legal documents , and the chairman will issue a strong legal press order .
at the same time , abbas expressed his satisfaction with the relations between the palestinian national authority and the eu .
he said : the palestinian side welcomes the measures taken by the eu to the palestinian president 's government .
abbas urged the eu to continue providing humanitarian aid to the palestinian people in gaza .
he reiterated the eu 's support for abbas and the palestinian people .
he said : relevant matters concerning the middle east issue ( about the united nations [ un ] , the united states , and russia ) will hold a meeting on 19 february to discuss the question of resuming the middle east peace process . a few days later , there may be proposals to be put forward .
he said the eu is very concerned about the deployment of international forces in gaza , but it still needs to discuss with other parties , especially with the un .
the chinese government will continue to provide assistance to the african union ( eu ) , said wang zhaoguo .
jiangxi will provide a basic framework for the development of rural health talent
for a long time , a large number of health professionals and technical personnel have engaged in rural areas , laying a solid foundation for the health work at the grass - roots level and the health of the peasants .
the jiangxi provincial government recently decided to implement a system of credit cards issued to rural health professionals who have completed 30 years of business of specializing in health technology in rural areas .
according to the jiangxi provincial health department , at the township and town health institutes held by the government , there are more than 20 secondary and higher educational institutions and technical specialties in medicine that are engaged in specialties of medicine and specialties of primary and higher health , and all of the township and town health clinics that have been working in the village of monogules or merged with one - third years of continuous hepatitis prevention group and control group and the ma feng village that have
the final calculation time for the first batch was set at the end of july .
we should give priority to the qualified rural health workers , and , in addition to awarding certificates of honor for 30 years of rural health work , also placing emphasis on examination subjects in the examination of the examination results and appropriate preferential treatment :
the high - level expedition examination independently passed the tests , and the assessment of high - level professional qualifications mainly focused on actual work capabilities , appropriately relaxed the conditions for scientific research and theses , and exempted the probationary restrictions after obtaining qualifications .
the jiangxi provincial health department will arrange annual leave leave leave in a certain number of places to give certain financial assistance .
starting this year , jiangxi province will launch a survey of harvest harvest every two years in rural health work , with achievements of winning the prize for 30 years .
the world bank ( imf ) said here today that
the us defense department reconsiders reducing us troops in europe
us defense department officials said on 23 march that due to changes in the iraq war and the world situation , the us defense department is considering again formulating plans to reduce the number of us troops stationed in europe by about half .
the us media quoted a defense official as saying that since the iraq war is still going on and that relations between the united states , russia , and iran are worsening , the defense department has raised doubts about the feasibility of reducing the european garrison plan .
he was appointed secretary of defense rumsfeld at that time , announcing that the united states would increase the number of troops stationed in europe from the previous 11.2 in 2001 to 7.cuts , with the establishment of a new type of army with few flax .
at present , the total number of us troops stationed in europe has dropped to the precipitation of the personnel .
however , in june this year , the commander of the us military 's european command ( usd ) submitted a report to the current defense minister on the reduction plan .
the report said that the us troops stationed in europe , while reducing their troops , were also transferred to iraq and afghanistan in turns , causing shortage of us troops in europe and unable to carry out normal cooperation with european allies .
the report suggested that the reduction of us troops stationed in europe be stopped .
relevant us experts believe that the above phenomena show that the long - awaited iraqi war has already caused chaos in the original plan of the us military .
the chinese government has decided to set up a special administrative region ( sar ) government in the southern province of the country , said a senior official here thursday .
shandong 's jiaozhou launches transportation safety film entering community construction site
people 's daily online , july 26 ( reporters song xuechun , ) fan zhongliang ( ( ( reporter : song xuechun )
to further deepen urban civilization , three things have been raised to increase the awareness of the traffic rule and the awareness of traffic safety among the broad masses of residents and to enhance their consciousness of observing the law . from 20 july to 10 a week ( monday , july 20 to 10 ) , the three - month wet city development group has been established in the city people 's christian square , the banjia square in the jika square in the jijia square in jiaze , three li jiaz@@
before the film begins , the polish dumb " uphill protection + produced by the dump c " to deliver a letter to the general public and some propaganda materials to disseminate the message to citizens , and broadcast the " warnings of life " and " traffic special films on the school road . "
the film has attracted attention of residents ' horrifying horse , but each scene played a tremendous warning .
in particular , the special feature film " on the road to school " has enabled the growth of the upper hand to understand the inherent characteristics of education through the form of themed slip .
the film attracted more than 3,000 residents around the square to watch the film , especially some young bozhou residents and migrant workers who came from jizhou square . all were sitting in the center of the film , with great relish watching it .
through sending traffic safety films into communities ( within the limits of the floating areas ) , the broad masses of residents can enjoy the film while taking a look at the scene and receive profound education on traffic safety , which has received warm welcome from citizens , especially from the new residents .
china 's catering industry to be open to public
to better implement the " food hygiene law " and the state council 's " circular on further strengthening food safety , " the ministry of health has set up branches in haidian district , wuzhou city , jiangsu province , keming city , hangzhou city , zhejiang province , luoyang city , henan province , luoyang city , luoyang city , henan province , hubei province , three sets of seaside coins , three mills of rice beverages , and trial catering
this system will also gradually develop into the whole country .
the catering and catering hygiene authority public notification system is a system of notification of hygiene licenses for catering units on the basis of day - to - day supervision , and management personnel of health services certify health statistics of professional health clerical health certification of the quality of foodstuffs and label of products , and the processing of registered labels of food , catering and cleaning , cleaning and cleaning of catering , purchasing chips , etc.
according to presentations , the public display form will adopt the unified pattern and pattern stipulated by the ministry of health , which includes nine on - site inspection results , comprehensive evaluation results on the results of on - site inspections , on - site health supervision opinions , on - site supervision and management organs , and customer complaints and reporting telephone numbers , and will be posted on the door hall or place of the catering unit where the customer has been inspected , or a prominent position of customer , to understand the
the chinese government will continue to provide assistance to the african union ( eu ) , said the chinese foreign ministry .
un security council decides to extend peacekeeping troops in ethiopia
on 30 june , the un security council unanimously adopted a resolution agreeing to designate un peacekeeping forces stationed in addis and eriton ( egypt eritrea ) for a term of six months to january next year .
the resolution urged all parties concerned to honor their commitments , exercise restraint , ease the tense situation , and avoid untututuous military activities , and call on the eritone to immediately withdraw its troops and military equipment from the temporary security zone and call on the number of additional military troops to be deployed in the adjacent areas of the temporary security zone .
the resolution demanded that the eritrean border committee should take specific steps immediately to immediately set the target within a short spell and demand eroika not to delay the eritreerer 's operations and cancel all restrictions on emiter 's operations and operations .
the resolution reiterated its full support for the work of the eritrean border committee and expressed its appreciation for the decision made by the commission to hold a meeting with eritrea in new york on september 6 .
in 1998 , eritregation and adventurous border conflicts broke out , causing many deaths .
in june 2000 , ethiopia and eritrea signed a ceasefire agreement in algerian capital of algiers .
the united nations began to deploy peacekeeping troops along the ethiopian - eritrean border in july 2001 to supervise the implementation of the cease - fire agreement between the two countries .
the chinese government will continue to provide assistance to the african union ( eu ) , according to a press release from the chinese foreign ministry .
the olympic games ' national champion competition
chengdu , june 30 , by reporter zhongguo qingnian bao
xing qianqiu 's reporter tian yuan reports : in order to implement the spirit of the party central committee 's instructions on building a harmonious socialist society , and in coordination with the new socialist rural construction , the whole population has rich common theme with the theme of the olympics ; rich cultural and sports life of the masses ; and the battle screen of the nationwide county magistrates has been raised in chengdu 's shuangdu city on 30 august .
the six - day event attracted more than 100 people from 10 counties across the country .
according to regulations , athletes participating in the competition must have a flavor over 18 years of age .
all the 2006 brezhnetting year 2007 will be registered as professional and professional athletes at the state sports general administration 's sports general bureau 's management center .
the competition adopted the latest " polish rules " of the latest assessment of china 's richest association , and the competition divided into two stages .
the competition was jointly sponsored by the state sports general administration center , which controls the upper hand , china 's sports association , and china international sports tourism corporation .
in recent years , the shuangling county cultural and sports undertaking has developed rapidly , and shuanghui county has obtained nearly 20 nationwide favorable information technology for nationwide advanced sports units such as national sports advanced units .
in particular , in the construction of new rural areas , shuanghui county has vigorously implemented the township sports project of peasants , and has turned the growth of sports facilities into the rural areas with the growth of green features , and built sports fields into rural areas and peasants ' side , so that the sports service system can cover the rural areas , actively popularize and develop rich local characteristics , popular peasant households with local characteristics , and promote the activities of enlivening the cluster of peasants , and raising
the three major functions of modern military uniforms
first , identification functions .
different countries ' armed forces may differentiate between different branches of the armed forces and the people .
in the world , the united states has more than 100 armed forces of various sizes , although the use of military uniforms is basically the same , there is no military uniform of any two countries .
second , symbolic functions .
to a certain extent , military uniforms are the inside features of a country 's spiritual outlook and are also the inside source of the combat capability of a country 's armed forces .
under the tenure of courtesy , common pole , and command , the best display the ability of the three branches of military uniform , which is most full display of the ability to display the skill of the supermonary poles .
third , the protection function .
with the rapid development of new and high - tech weapons and equipment , the comprehensive protection functions of new - type combat uniforms have enabled military uniforms to have the characteristics of anti - bomb detectors , such as anti - chemical warfare , anti - radiation radiation , and multiple modules of moderate cuts , etc. , and have become the most important issues in uniform development .
( shi wei )
the party committee organs of a certain brigade have handled problems of daring to handle , even more
chengdu , 3 july ( jiefangjun bao )
yang xiuyu , a professor at the beijing university , says that the fast - breast can benefit from the determination and resolution of the party committee organs of the great force to clear the room .
today , a certain communications training brigade of the chengdu military region moved out of a dozen or more cadres in the zhanhuan - shaped fields . each of them is good at each of them . they are full of respect and knowledge in the style of dealing with real problems and tough problems in the big team party committee members .
a few years ago , with personnel 's adventure , some of the buildings of this brigade were occupied by violating regulations , making it difficult for the housing of the current cadres and the officers and men to have a lot of complaints about this .
the brigade also cleared several houses and suffered no losses because of various kinds of obstructions . this problem became the old , big , and difficult problem .
but they have to dare to challenge the reality .
the new party committee has reached a consensus , with principal leaders personally starting to set about investigating all the problems of occupying houses in violation of regulations .
on the one hand , they are moving about the horse , hoping that personnel concerned will have a clear idea of the characteristics of the military 's floating areas , and hope that the relevant policies and regulations concerning the application of the economy of the military will demonstrate the party committee 's firm determination and principled stance .
for those who have housing in other areas , they do not want to withdraw from the housing occupation beyond their limits , and party committee organs promptly contacted their units , and took corresponding measures to urge them to cooperate with the military work .
after two months of meticulous work , all overt rules and regulations governing housing occupants who occupy more than one place on schedule have been removed , and the cadres in the brigade have been assigned housing in accordance with regulations .
the party committee of the brigade dared to deal with tough problems , but also produced a tendency . originally , several departments that were unwilling to actively cooperate with the organization 's distribution have expressed their willingness to submit to the organization 's decision .
qiao qingchen meets bangladeshi air force chief
beijing , july 9 , by this paper
reporter zhang shun reports : qiao qingchen , member of the central military commission [ cmc ] air force command , met with chief of staff of the air force , qiaojing , and his entourage in beijing today .
qiao qingchen said : since the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and bangladesh , bilateral relations have been developing smoothly , high - level exchanges have been frequent , and friendly exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been constantly strengthened .
the two countries have always supported each other in international affairs and in their national construction .
china appreciates and thanks bangladesh for its support on issues such as taiwan 's human rights and tibet .
qiao qingchen said that the chinese army treasures the friendly relations with the bangladeshi army and hopes that with the joint efforts of both sides , the friendly cooperation between the two armed forces will be further expanded and the scope and level of the two armed forces will be strengthened , and the friendly and cooperative relations between the two air forces will be raised to a new level .
he said that bangladesh will make efforts to further develop friendly relations between the two armed forces , especially the two air forces .
he reiterated that the bangladesh government will , as always , adhere to the one - china policy .
prior to the meeting , qiao qingchen held a welcoming ceremony for qiobo 's visit .
qi arrived in beijing on tuesday for a four - day official visit to china at the invitation of qiao qingchen .
the designer of the 07 military uniform is a guest of the chinamil .
beijing , 13 july ( jiefangjun bao ) -- yang baojin and liu xinxin reports : the pla units will gradually change their military uniforms in 07 style beginning 1 august .
this evening , chinadaily.com specially invited military goods and materials needed for hand in hand to hand in hand , tracked by senior engineer chen jun and senior engineer of the armament research institute of the newest military equipment research institute to be an guest of the chinese military , and the background and development process of the birth of new military uniforms with netizens both inside and outside the military have evoked an impact among netizens .
the two guests are the chief designer of the 07 - type military uniform design .
on the question of the change in the new military uniform , they said that the military uniform is in the style of + jian - 7 , especially the 97 type military uniform , and the series uniform uniform uniform style improved more than several hundred times .
the biggest difference in military uniform of 07 is that it reflects the characteristics of the qualitative leap - style character , enabling the uniform of our army to reach the supporting pattern of three services in coordination of the army for the first time , and indicates that the level of construction of military uniform has reached a historic leap .
the two guests also exchanged views on the varieties of polish - flavor of new military uniforms and other issues with netizens .
this expedition was jointly launched by the chinese military web site and the information network jointly conducted by china military net and china web site .
the jingjiang city personnel 's platform has improved the quality of military cadres .
the first batch of new year 's college graduates who have grown in the city of jingjiang city , jiangsu province , started their first appearance on 18 june , with lu yuqing , chief of the armed forces of xilai town , giving a lecture on " winning in informatized warfare " which was delivered by lu qing , minister of the armed forces , received unanimous approval from the trainees .
this is a new method of thinking that has brought pressure on the military cadres in light of their actual conditions and has exerted efforts to improve the overall quality of the military cadres .
early this year , the party committee of the pla armed forces department discovered during an investigation and study at the grass - roots level that some military cadres with special arms holding a dominant position and holding concurrently positions have not concentrated their main energy on the work of armed forces .
for this reason , they adopted the method of training in selected areas on a regular basis through training on the basis of experience in training in local party schools , and so on , and made efforts to resolve such problems as single - handeer professional knowledge among military cadres .
in light of the central task , we should boldly hand over military cadres with mission , improve their abilities in post through post - related training .
at the same time , they actively coordinated local organizational departments and jointly formulated the " program for the recruitment of specialized military cadres , " which clearly stipulates that the armed forces minister must enter the leadership group and no longer hold other posts .
and established a mechanism for readjusting and exchanging military cadres , which is unsuited to the characteristics of some cadres who are young and who do not adapt themselves to the armed forces work at the grass - roots level in a timely manner , readjusted and exchanged in a timely manner , and promoted and used comrades who have a strong comprehensive quality .
not long ago , the chief executive of the new century polytechnic company , led the armed forces technical detachment to innovate and develop underwater vessels , which were developed by the militia technical detachment , and were broken into the domestic vessels and were upgraded to the head of the armed forces department of the company .
the best thing is to get good .
judging from the results of the competition alone , 2 - 2 points are reasonable , and they are acceptable , the key is the process of the competition , and the extent of regrets is much .
if iran 's 2 - 0 lead , then its scorer will equalize , which will give china the impression that it will be different , and it will have very long morale .
benevolence cannot end up , and it can be said that it is a thing of shackles .
frequent changes have occurred under conditions of the situation . generally , people do not know china 's views .
this is indeed a process of horrifying unequal factors .
however , from today 's competition , it seems that it is not as good as today .
sun jihai 's horse -- the wind of the wind of the wind -- which has already started a horse of the wind -- has not been mentioned by shao jiwei and other men in europe . li wei - feng and others are also veteran soldiers who have been living on the sand field for a long time . they see many things in sight and do not have any problems in their psychological quality according to reason .
this hatred was forced by the iranian team to heal up by the iranian team because it was probably a quick move .
iran 's team , in backward conditions , changed two men , immediately got hold of the scenes .
the second half of the field was replaced by three sets of results .
overcoming the problem of prejudice and being unable to get the end well requires us to accurately find the root cause of the problem .
as long as the problem is accurately identified and the problem is corrected , it is probably not difficult to find a way to solve the problem .
fearing that he was in a state of emergency , he would be afraid of going to hospital in a panic .
if this goes on , then the horse will be a game that kicked more , and the old problem will still be defeated . it is not possible for everyone to say something to do .
the ministry of public security awarded a trophy for the guangdong border defense corps hospital
shenzhen , july 18 , by reporter youjun
mr wong kwok - leung reported : for many years , the hospital of the guangdong border defense corps has , while providing medical support to troops , devoted all efforts to helping needy people . one after another , the luster tree leaves the hearts of ordinary people .
this morning , the ministry of public security awarded the collective second - hand league award for the hospital of the guangdong border defense corps . the report meeting was held in shenzhen to give a grand report on the advanced deeds of supporting the government and cherishing the people .
the hospital of the guangdong border defense corps has built itself into a mechanism for rapid growth in bigan , shenzhen , one after another , in the area of building social harmony , three hospitals specially set up for migrant workers in shenzhen , and the fee for foreign workers is only one yuan for fee for setting up a business , and the fee for checking fee for foreign workers is only one yuan .
the hospital specially equipped a fast - track service vehicle with free access to peasant workers , and introduced a health service card for migrant workers , and introduced a monthly record of only 7 yuan per month for basic medical examination and support for peasant workers .
this measure , which benefits farmers , has benefited more than 12,000 farmers .
from the horse - precipitated , the hospital also developed large - scale operation of driving culeion illumination , which has organized eight separate sets of medical and health care personnel to go to tibet , such as long - distance expedition to yunnan , to send health barriers to nearly 3,000 free surgery , thus enabling patients to see a bright light .
the armed police force began to change 07 style of clothes on 1 august .
beijing , 19 july ( jiefangjun bao ) -- liu zhifeng and zhang jianjun reported : the armed police force will , beginning 1 august , change 07 style of clothes one after another .
today , this reporter learned from the press the news release ceremony and dressing slips of the 07 - style clothing issued by the armed police force and the loaders of the 7 - style courtesy clothes with the headwear and clothing installed with the headwear , four major varieties of the clothing .
wearing clothing has changed from olive green to deep - green green colors , sleeves and trousers , with growth in the overall design of an olive belt , with an overall design of the costume model , and with reference to the national garment standard .
female officers and men have wide tips of eaves and hats , with common flavors in the winter uniform being changed from a commanding system to a vertical structure , with permanent flavor design in spring and autumn .
the newly added names of the ranks of the national defense ministers have been added to the qualifications of the delegate qualifications of the lotus that are within the limits of the lotus belt , as well as the re - designed labels of the upper hand , which have enhanced the identification function and enhanced the sense of beauty .
the 50th - type armed police apparel will be changed for three years .
before august 1 , 2007 , it will simultaneously cut loopholes and flag floating forces within the armed forces for the development of hand - dried cadre with the flavor of the military expedition corps , and will also turn on routine tennis for cadres with the jian cadre and troops stationed in the regions of the spring and autumn , permanent tennis and common signs of soldiers with permanent tennis and signs .
ji may be a member of the next spring and autumn habitat for soldiers of other units .
the october movement is a hot engine for breast seaside clothes .
in december 2009 , soldiers were replaced with winter permanent clothes .
combat operations obey orders , and gradually change with seasons .
a certain base of the artillery corps has a small hand , which has started operation
the first batch of advanced weapons developed by xiao jian , a subsidiary unit of the pla , cannot possibly have individual resources , each belonging to its subordinate units , will become history at a certain base of the second artillery corps .
the reporter recently learned that , after six months of trial implementation , the base has issued " implementation measures for the ' program for ideological and political education ' " to cover several small , remote , and directly subordinate units of the base and has officially started operation .
and make new contributions to promoting the effective implementation of the " outline of ideological and political education , " the base has organized its forces at the beginning of the year to carry out in - depth investigation and study of the current ideological and political education situation in small and remote units , the major problems affecting and restricting the results of personnel within the time of education , and has initially formed a new model of education in the cooperative area of small , remote , and units .
the specific approach of the area is to break through the unit establishment demarcation line , and to designate a brigade level unit at a brigade level in a small , scattered , remote , and directly - directly - organized area to carry out unified planning on theme education , with units of different affiliated relations close to the same station to discuss classes or systems with remote - distance systems .
adopting the method of combining swift breast and competition for posts , we have carried out unified allocation of education forces , unified use of educational hardware in documentary areas , sharing of experience in education experience , regularly organizing study reports on typical examples in selected areas , regularly organizing study tours among officers and men on reports on study reports on individual cases .
a regional command center for information technology ( it ) has established a number of educational personnel and information - gathering personnel .
on this basis , all the cooperative areas have established a system of seeking help from difficult problems and seeking major breakthroughs in education and assessment of assessment of results .
the base 's political department director zhang shengmin told this reporter that establishing a political education cooperation zone has not only reduced the waste of educational resources but also deepened the educational results .
some political fears that the officers and men of foreign units will lose points in front of officers and soldiers and take the initiative to study new knowledge and explore new methods of education .
the officers and men who have been educated have also actively engaged in education , fearing that when discussing and analyzing the contents of education , they would say something outside to the officers and men of neighboring units .
this kind of horse , wind , and impulse have all been effectively stimulated .
a certain expedition group of the north sea fleet will be divided into all the experimental quotas for soldiers in the pla navy 's north sea fleet .
the " regulations on management of water pollution " issued by the beihai fleet on 17 july , the first batch of bridges under the leadership of zhang weiliang , deputy engineer of a certain expedition group of the beihai fleet , has gladly set foot on the first line of the group on the beidaihe train .
luo xiangxiang , a class - six nco , happily told this reporter : leaders of the regiment concerned about and cherished soldiers , let us show concern for soldiers . after returning from the survey , we will surely strive hard to work .
organizing grass - roots soldiers to hold their breast , this group was the first time .
not long ago , yao zhisheng went deep into the grass roots to see that some soldiers responsible for the work of keeping equipment on hand hand in hand , causing yao qingsheng to be deeply moved .
the soldiers forgot their work , and the party committee should care for the soldiers , take responsibility for the soldiers ' health , and yao qingsheng 's words won approval from everyone .
after studying the matter , the party committee made a decision to distribute all the quotas of upper - level units to soldiers working on the frontline .
a unit of the jinan military region has openly made breakthroughs in hot spots .
this paper ,
wang weiqin 's horrific lu [ name as transliterated ] : on 25 july , this writer saw in a certain unit of the jinan military region : a report written on the bidding for military engineering projects , the public display of announcements on public bidding for finance projects , and other important matters related to the promotion of high - ranking cadres in the ranks of high - ranking cadres in the ranks of the ranks of the ranks of the ranks of noncommissioned officers , as well as hanging
according to su chengsen , political commissar of the detachment , this was a specific measure taken by the unit to promote the system of opening government affairs to the public .
mu , the party committee of this unit has formulated the " two - way supervision of organs at the grass - roots level " policy of giving publicity to sensitive issues , and other measures , requiring that all major issues involving the immediate interests of officers and men and army building be decided after listening to the opinions of grass - roots officers and men , and after listening to the opinions of grassroots officers and men , then make a decision on whether or not the situation of affairs should be based on the immediate interests of
the troops set up a floating breast notification hurdles , opening up information about the survey on the surface , and extensively collect opinions from everyone .
early this year , the renovation project for the renovation of the dormitory buildings of soldiers started with widespread solicitation of opinions from the party committee organs before they start work , and then the information on the bidding was released to open tenders .
they have saved the cost and won the support of officers and men .
the practice of opening up and impartially promoting the formation of a good atmosphere at the grass - roots level .
in this unit and grass - roots company , no matter whether they are big or hot and sensitive issues , or whether they are small in individual accounts , they always keep announcing information on regular public announcements and consciously accept supervision by the masses .
( international ) studies show that real estate fibre is related to two gene implication
xinhua news agency , london , july 2 - through research , icelandic scientists found that two loose - leaf human risk is far higher than ordinary people .
according to a report in the latest issue of " natural " magazine , iceland 's lotus - cutting stove researchers conducted surveys on the descent of the united states from iceland and several thousand genes from hong kong region of china after screening and examination of the genes of several thousand people .
the two genes discovered by scientists and the important effect of the cardiac precipitation in the early stage .
the house shook the heart of the eye , the most common characteristic of clinical depression , which can lead to a rapid breast of the mind and a stumbling monitors .
according to a signed article in the " natural genetic doctrine " published on 1 july , the polish researchers who untie the gene study company also discovered on the 17 th chromosomes that the two genes related to the genes of the genes of the previous chryslum , and they played a certain role in the incidence of the genes of more than one third of the premature cases .
the study also found that one of the genes is playing a key role in raising the risk of breast cancer , while also reducing the risk of breast cancer .
( sports ) american goalkeeper may be retired after the keller american cup
xinhua news agency , marathon , venezuela , july 3 ( reporter liu jian )
the venezuelan team , which is 37 years old , will play the leading role in the world cup finals , according to reports in venezuela 's media on 3 april . the 37 - year - old veteran steeper said in an interview here that if the american cup cannot find a suitable club after the game , he will choose to retire .
if the meizhou cup finishes 4 to 6 weeks , i still cannot get high level of poles one - two contracts . then , the retired may be a good choice for me .
with the growth of goalkh 's team into b , kailer also left this force with two - plus versions .
although keller was determined to get the hand , he still awaited to shift the hand to the side of the country . he apparently did not worry about his own fate . currently , there are as many as eight teams intending to invite him .
however , this former professor of the british virgin - a and germany - a who had served in western iya said that how he finally chosen to determine the fate of my child , which is determined by family , is nine years old . he stayed with me in three different countries and had three different schools . my current choice needs to consider how to benefit my family more .
at the gold cup that ended not long ago , kelle played an outstanding role and helped the team win .
the american cup is still the head coach of bradley , who is also the head coach of the american cup . however , the four hands of naihe are hard to fist the four opponents , with the expedition of youth short - guard forces , basically not argentina 's powerful rivals like argentina , two matches that he kept by were wearing seven big holes in the top of the top door .
the next match against columbia is very likely to be the champion and the kaille team in the final performance of this american cup .
china , us to launch new round of strawberry cell phone
xinhua news agency report of july seized typology according to reports from canada 's " global post " , after eight years of efforts , black rawberries ( cloud ) in canada 's black slope ( black slick ) have finally been approved into the chinese market , and the first black - strawberry cell phone will be listed in china at the end of august .
chief executive of the expedition , masri bauhinia mousy , said that he will deliver a speech to business clients in major cities including beijing , jiyu , guangzhou , china .
the " global post " quoted a mechanic who controls the mechanical field of beijing office , saying that the smart cell phone of black strawberries , 8700g , will land on the chinese market at the end of august at about 700 us dollars , and has now received 5,000 orders .
baucus said that last week 's " start - ups " had made people pay more attention to the use of smart cell phones as iq 's competitor , and black strawberries have now been sold in more than 100 countries around the world .
according to statistics , in the first quarter of this year , newly added digital mobile telephone users in the dark horse - ride field reached 12.1 million , with the total number of subscribers already reaching 9:00 .
spain : husband 's masked death of mongkok
xinhua news agency report of july 7th from lingqiu , a woman in spain was attacked with a cution . she knocked out her cul mion and discovered her husband in the cute region . police arrested him .
according to reports by local media on 6 june , the woman was found dead in a bayrou shop in the city of valencia .
one day , a masked man inside a fast - eye shop , thinking she was a bandits , told him to go to a drawer to take money and leave .
but the man did not take money , but he pinned the neck of the woman and wanted to hold her up .
she wanted to use a dead - end method to transport the men , but the man did not fly over her , or beat her neck .
during the struggle , the woman dragged her face and began to look around , but discovered that the man was her husband .
the assailant was arrested by police .
the victim said to the media that she and her husband were married for a lack of affection , and they had two children .
13 pilots resign from shanghai eastern airlines wuhan company 's countercharge claims more than 100 million yuan
xinhua news agency report of july 11 from wuhan ( by staff reporter liu yang and shuchu )
13 pilots have submitted their resignation , and the eastern divide of the wuhan eastern aviation company limited liability company has issued a huge amount of compensation bill , which is the largest compensation claim to hubei province for compensation to date .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration commission is currently trying the case .
in may this year , 13 pilots of the wuhan company of china eastern airlines company successively submitted their resignation and were refused by the company .
later , the pilot began flying to the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration commission in early june to request a ruling to terminate labor relations with the wuhan company of eastern airlines .
the company of eastern airlines , after receiving notification of bankruptcy , submitted an countercharge , asking 13 pilots to pay their labor contracts of violation of labor contracts for more than 6 million yuan to over 10 million yuan and plus 105 million yuan respectively .
it is learned that the agreements signed between the pilot and eastern airlines are nonpermanent terms of labor contracts . apart from the conditions of termination in labor contracts or the conditions of dissolution of the conditions , the validity of the labor contract will continue to be the fixed retirement age of the pilots .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration commission has made an appeal and countercharges against these cases . it is expected that the trial of this case will be concluded before 8 august .
germany calls for early solution to russia border treaty
lily , july 12 ( xinhua ) chinese vice premier qian qichen , who is visiting germany , said here today that russia should solve the problem of its nuclear weapons and should not be allowed to enter the border as soon as possible .
steinmeier said that same day , along with the minister of foreign affairs of paliks , the two sides discussed major issues such as latvia relations and cooperation with the european union , and exchanged views on the development of relations between the two countries and between the european union and russia .
at a press conference after the talks , steinmeier called on the russian side to quickly pass the lashkar border treaty .
steinmeier said that the entire area of the country and russia have all been relatively slow and pulling the border treaty to sign . the process of signing the treaty has witnessed the course of development of relations between latin america and russia , but the historical shadow may regress again . he hoped that russia will be able to promote the development of relations between the two countries through the pullout border treaty as soon as possible .
on 27 march this year , after 10 years of negotiations , prime minister karuwequarterly and russian prime minister houd d d d d d signed the border treaty in moscow .
on 17 may , the ldp passed the la - russian border treaty .
according to the report by the expedition media , the russian parliament will vote on the treaty in the near future .
dprk , rok to hold sixth round of talks
pyongyang , july 16 ( xinhua ) the dprk has decided to set up a nuclear power station in pyongyang on july 16 .
the military representatives of the dprk and the rok held talks in panmunich on 16 february . the two sides agreed to hold the sixth ministerial - level talks from 24 to 26 june .
according to the report of the central news agency , dprk military representatives seized the loose tree in the west korean sea area in the contacts that day , proposing the establishment of a common hotion between the yanping island and pak ling island in the west of korea , and explaining in detail the reasons for this .
he said : establishing a common document must implement to the maximum the principle of seeking common prosperity and common profits of the nation and ensuring peace and stability .
on the bilateral relations , pierre linzhu said that the two sides should avoid contact and cooperation in the sea area in order to prevent military conflicts between the two sides in the western region .
he said : it is necessary to promptly formulate military security measures to promote cooperation and exchanges between the dprk and the rok .
he said : the rok should now take military measures to ensure the dprk 's civilian vessels can enter the rok directly from haizhou port and conduct military exercises in the cheju strait .
this is another important meeting following the recent second round of military talks between the dprk and the rok since 10 july .
the fifth round of talks between the dprk and the rok was held in panmunjom on the 11th from 8 to 11 may .
( international ) hyundai motor denies intention to purchase volvo
xinhua news agency report of july 18th from seoul - hyundai motor company spokesman said in seoul on july 18th that the company has no intention of acquiring any brands of wolong or polyu cars .
the sunday times and the new york times recently published reports on the possibility of selling warlorrant in new york .
the sunday times even published a report saying that the south korean modern automobile company is the potential engine of volvo .
a spokesman for hyundai automobile company said that we have begun to have no interest in purchasing the loo leopard or the wind belt , either with interest in the acquisition of wolfowitz , or with the start of modern expedition , which is in the process of implementing our own expansion plan , and basically without the rush of visitor at all .
in 1999 , the hatching of 64.5 - billion us dollars of volvo was bought from sweden 's volvo group .
currently , volvo and luoqiu are all the top automobile group ( within the limits of + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
in march this year , the bankruptcy rate of the turnaround of the hot ducts of 8.420 u s dollars sold at 8.491 u s dollars , which again indicated that it was considering selling tiger and the kt leopard .
( sports ) cuban boxing ropes too short
xinhua news agency , rio de janeiro , july 21 ( reporter chen weihua )
on 21 march , the cuban delegation began its sightseeing trip to taiwan . the pan - american games will affect the performance of the fist .
according to the rules of the international boxing federation , the rope that flies at the international competition should be 6.1 meters , but according to the cuban team fist , pedro rok , the pan - american games + shoot - out point is one meter short than the one - meter standard .
roke said : we submitted a formal protest because this incident was not a major event that affected cuba but a country , and it involved all people .
the rope is too short , which will affect the fist 's flash - dodging movements .
he also said in a conceptual impatience : if we cannot find ropes that meet the olympic standards , we can find them in different places .
as we know early , we brought it from cuba .
the mexican and colombian delegations also held talks on the same day with boxing ropes .
colombian fist chulioo dobribes , although the first battle was successful , he said : although i won the first match , the boxing platform is too narrow , i really feel that it is not true that it is not true that it is too narrow .
the dabbit dirty sugar resumed export orders
xinhua news agency report of july 24 from shanghai ( by xu shousong ) - yu shung - hong , a reporter learned from guansheng garden ( group ) co. ltd. that the once - in - one big leabstabbit stableel stableabbed at shanghai port has already resumed exports , and many overseas poles have demanded orders .
the guansheng garden in singapore , the fuji company , lin qingrong , recently sent a telegram to the koo group of the funan company , saying that because the results of tests of the big thelelix sugar in singapore were not containing formaldehyde , they could be sold on the market normally , and therefore demanded that orders be placed on the market .
the malaysian uphill company of guansheng gardens said that it is required that the guansheng garden immediately send a big stick from shanghai to malaysia .
the first - phase development of the guansheng fangfeng trading company in hong kong also called the guansheng garden of the hong kong foodstuffs safety center for sample of dairy daby samples in hong kong . after laboratory confirmed that there was no formaldehyde component .
the hong kong and shanghai banking corporation has received notification from huaxian trade company , which has decided to resume sales of large bacelet sugar in hong kong of more than 100 places in hong kong .
it is learned that the 10 loads of whdrives that once had the shanghai port have gradually resumed exports .
at present , the white rabbit of seven containers are being launched to singapore and the richard dribzhthabbit of india , among other countries , such as singapore .
( international ) manufacture of british pole threat suspects arrested
xinhua news agency report of july 26th from london - british police announced on july 26th that the british virgin bomb which might be a threat of a pole bomb might be arrested on july 23rd in clero , kaststro county .
the police said that this person is named " puyu " 51 years old , a unemployed person , and he will be subjected to charges of blackmail and manufacturing bombs .
on 14 july ( pole ) afternoon , 14 british enterprises that are prone to purchase dumps were closed due to the threat of bombs , and they were not resumed operation until the next day .
the british public procurement system is at the peak of the breast of the british population . at that time , the largest single hang haven sales revenues were shut down from britain , the largest source of business in britain .
the british police subsequently conducted a criminal investigation into the bomb threat and announced that no casualties were found in the incident , but there might be some economic motives behind it .
( sports ) change of flower age period : the erroneous tendency of drifting breast at beijing olympics
beijing , july 28 ( xinhua ) the olympic games will be held next year , with a humid august beijing may become a oceanic .
through changing the flower - stage and other technical means , researchers have found a good way to add color to the olympics .
the 2000 summer olympics games in beijing on 28 july featured a new breast of the emerging summer olympics , and a survey of selected and applied research results reached the conclusion that new cultivation techniques were adopted to promote control and cultivation of new varieties of plants with different natural flower periods . these varieties may open flowers in summer , and can reach the best results achieved in the same period in august of the beijing olympics .
in summer , it usually can only see more than 10 luxury flavors , which are either very overstling or have not reached the level of coarse coarse .
after making efforts , researchers selected summer olympic games 206 breast of some 400 varieties .
in the " shengdian 2007 " exhibition at beijing haidian park , which will show the determination of the olympics before and after the opening countdown period , a number of science researchers carefully cultivated before and after the opening of the olympics games , a number of harvest versus versus - tone buildings which were carefully cultivated by scientific researchers in the past august , naturally , followed with peanes of flowers that could not open up in the past months .
turkish ruling party wins parliamentary election
xinhua news agency report of july 30th from duke ( by staff reporter wang jian ) - the final result of the 23 rd parliamentary election announced by the turkish supreme election commission on july 30th showed that the ruling justice and development party won 341 seats out of the 550 seats , once again securing one party right .
at the parliamentary election held on 22 july , the main opposition republican party won a seat .
the national action party won 71 seats in the election .
apart from the three political parties mentioned above , 26 other parliamentarians were elected .
the new turkish parliament will hold its first meeting in august .
members will be sworn in and begin to perform their duties .
the parliament will vote without authorization .
the parliamentary election was originally scheduled to be held in november , but in the presidential election at the end of april , because the opposition parties were biased toward the only candidate , the vice - premier and foreign minister of the party 's justice and development party , gul , resulting in the presidential election defeat and the parliamentary election ahead of schedule .
