white house urges dispatch of nuclear inspectors to monitor north korea 's closing of nuclear reactors
the white house today called for sending nuclear inspectors to monitor north korea 's closure of its nuclear reactor , and the white house made a phone call after us president bush and south korean president ryutaro .
the white house national security council spokesman jeffrey zhuo said that the two leaders discussed today the issue of the cooperation between the united states and south korea on north korea 's nuclear issue , and hoped that the iaea inspectors would return to north korea very soon to oversee the stoppage of north korea 's nuclear reactors and close the reactors .
straw pointed out that the two presidents also expressed their dissatisfaction at the signing of the us - south korea free trade agreement yesterday and will make efforts to ensure that the two countries ' congress ratify the agreement .
experts believe that in the past 20 years , the crop produced in pyongyang is sufficient to produce 12 nuclear weapons .
the us delegation , led by hill , the us special envoy for the six - party talks , said in mid - july that he expected the yongbyon nuclear reactor to close in july .
the rainstorms in western india killed 43 people
india 's western region suffered from torrential rain on weekend , and some regions were seriously flooded , and the inland and domestic routes of the great city of western china were suspended .
rescue officials said today that the explosion caused 43 people .
the number of days during the peak season is expected to increase to about two million in india , which has a population of 1 billion , and even cause casualties .
the rain involved more than half of the victims who died in the flooding , while others were drowled by houses or by hydrochlords .
the indian financial center was also affected by the incident .
in the 29 - plus days , the bus enger used to drop the bus .
chief executive officer ( yok ) , bashar , said that one of the 13 deaths in the + twentieth .
the city government officials urged people to go to the mount mount the mount havoc in front of the rain to protect their own safety .
the rain was slightly over yesterday , most parts of the area were still flooded .
flooding in india closes at 500
according to reports by officials and media , the number of people affected by the rain in india has climbed to 405 this year .
yuri - hyun , head of the government department and minister of reconstruction , quoted the indian news trust agency , revealed today that various indian provinces have entered into mock pass over the past week . casualties and economic losses in various places are mainly caused by the mount shahla , where the first largest city of india is located . so far , 3populations of people have been reported dead .
the report said that qadan was inspecting the company and gave the above remarks to reporters .
he said : at the same time , the ramshire , india 's largest cotton production site , has a vast ocean , with 27 towns and cities signing contracts with the hydrograph of flood victims , which was due to serious water crisis , and more than 10,000 disaster victims were nestled to safe reception centers .
india has been moving from south to north from south , entering the armed forces of various provinces one week ago . residents of all provinces have held a long - held drought and greeted the rainy weather , but they have not expected the rain to hit the targets . once the rain is dry , the draught is changing . low - lying areas have changed into draught , houses have not been paralyzed , and nearly 500 people have died of injuries in their statistics .
the wimbledon tennis koevelic has discarded the game nada to advance ahead in the final .
the spanish red turf king nakamura today called the men 's singer 's singles contest " taker " , the contest between keiko kovic , which could not be fought again due to injury . the team broke into the final with the swiss world champion , dudezene , in the french tiger , to fight for the dragon tiger .
speaking at the opening ceremony of the 16 th championship and the 8 th matches , georgia called a defense guard to treat the injured . he was forced to retreat after he had been burned by his feet during the third match today . he also asked security guards to receive medical treatment . later he was unable to take care of the injured and then decided to dismiss the game .
the fourth seed , jokovic , has won the first prize in the previous six games , which was 1 lead over the previous six - seed race .
besides the nab 's hot plane at the beginning of the competition , after being hit by a broken situation , the second - in - 3 battle situation fell ahead .
satellite panels show that iran 's tapping tunnel might be a protective of nuclear
the us think tank , the science and international security institute , reported today that commercial satellites show that iran is currently developing uranium enrichment facilities in the vicinity of the uranium enrichment facility in tanzania , may be aimed at protecting nuclear equipment when air raids are launched .
these grapes are produced by the united states ( + by + xingqi , + xingqi , june 11 ) and published in the science and international security research institute website on june 11 .
the institute is located in washington , where it is a non - profit research group .
the suggestion showed that in the area south of naganz facility only a kilometer away and was carrying out road construction along the mountain direction , and the facility was a uranium enrichment factory .
analysts , albright and bluennan said in a report that the " hidden tunnel " was not popular in the tunnel , but the road was not clear . however , the road between the two roads seemed to pass through the tunnel . another road may also pass to the tunnel area .
they said that the pig was dropping into a tunnel in the mountain and would be displaying the best protection role .
un envoy holds talks with iran
the united nations agency 's deputy director - general of atomic energy , hanning , held talks with iranian officials in paris today , in a bid to once again resolve the stalemate resulting from iran 's nuclear program .
however , iranian president ahmadinejad has been under increasing pressure from further sanctions at the united nations , still resisting the country .
ahmadinejad does not want to stop uranium enrichment but welcomes the latest talks .
he said that hybrid balls may slow down or accelerate the movement of the object , but that is an issue of implementation , but no one should expect that we will give up our rights and we will not stop this trend .
he was born in xi'ing after arriving .
haixin 's purpose in this trip is to formulate a set of plans to resolve the problems arising from iran 's nuclear program .
the united nations cannot freeze uranium enrichment work and has imposed two sets of sanctions on iran .
the iranian news agency , hyon , the national security council , and iran 's national security council 's national security council assistant chairman vadi , held talks with officials led by the international affairs assistant .
the iranian delegation also includes representatives of the deputy chairman of the atomic energy agency , saidi , and ambassador to the international atomic energy agency [ iaea ] , sontennier .
the israeli prime minister 's yaer will form a new government
the palestinian authorities in the wake of the clues imposed by the israeli troops in gaza strip on march today , prime minister fahd temporarily requested to resign , but immediately ordered the new government to take charge of the + cabinet .
the ministry of agriculture and social affairs , hashi , told afp that prime minister youssef al-yawer quit the chairman and also demanded that he handle the new cabinet that is responsible for day - to - day affairs .
the israeli army 's amiman al-ahmad al-sabah told afp that his resignation was made by faker , who ordered him to carry out his current duties until he was a new government .
the respected economists , f. fahd , submitted a resignation , but it was just a preface and would not shake his position as the premier .
since his last month , france and germany have led the palestinian emergency cabinet to implement the plan of the palestinian cabinet , the violent cabinet , gaza city , to declare the order .
according to the basic law of the palestinian autonomous government , the movement of the palestinian people without the approval of the parliament may not exceed 30 days , but the self - government council is now at a standstill .
the emergency government 's authorization expired today .
wto delegates to break the doha round of talks
the wto 's main negotiators today proposed that the united states substantially cut its subsidies to agriculture , and developing countries substantially lower the tariffs on imports of industrial products in order to break the impasse in the doha round of trade talks .
the official said that the new model of the draft requires that the united states allow subsidies for agriculture to fall from the us $ 1000 per year to us $ 200 million , and that the developing countries transfer tariffs on imported industrial products to below the size of the tariff .
these proposals are aimed at breaking the deadlock in the talks in the last six years and bringing about a compromise reached among members of the wto .
wto secretary general chang hsi - huai said that the proposal was a result of reaching a goal by balancing the target and using a fair and reasonable basis for the development guidance agreement .
lamy said : the proposal was not aimed at the full content of the proposal , but it has not been decided that the discriminatory issues would be solved .
he called for conducting intensive negotiations in the next few weeks .
strong earthquake affected parts of japan 's automobile plant or umw
japan 's earthquake hit japan 's main island of kuangfu , a shortage of cars , and a daily production manufacturer said today that they would stop domestic automobile production .
japan 's cabinet met with a 6.8 strong earthquake on the richter scale , the automobile manufacturers ' association , acting manufacturers , were forced to suspend the operation of the tokyo area 's hanchi plant , which affected the production of the car plant .
the world 's largest automobile dealer , a female spokesperson , said that between tonight and 21 july , domestic automobile production will be suspended .
a japanese spokesman said that the day after tomorrow , the japanese - made toyota plant will be closed in beijing , the capital city of japan , and the two companies will be reevaluated on the weekend .
he said that both factories have two different lines of knowing . one of them will be affected , but the company may increase rotation next month to make up for the backward production progress .
suzudi motor said that the three days starting tomorrow will be closed for production , producing the hanke motor of japan 's fushi motor company , which produces the yue wu car , will also suspend production tomorrow and evaluate the situation on the 21 st .
the vehicles said that it may suspend some of the parts for supply next week .
the earthquake caused at least 10 deaths and some people injured . several hundred houses were untouched .
the number of troops seized by the indonesian authorities to buy environmental protection bags
today , in view of the fact that hong kong 's rush - buying craze triggered a disorder earlier this month , indonesia has cancelled the sale of british green bags .
the indonesian plaza in the consumer district , duke , a responsible person of the store , said that due to the incident in hong kong , we cancelled the activities of the environmental - friendly bags in the market .
if the people were to make a decision on a 140,000 rupees ( about nt $ 490 ) , then they would not have the value .
on the 6th , people in hong kong gathered outside the sales shop to buy some bogus nyme in britain 's home , written in the design of the magazine . there was an innumerable figure i did not pick a bag .
this new model of environmental protection - oriented product is trying to replace the mullah bag , but it was unexpectedly that it was in london and new york that became popular targets , and triggered the price of the price of the auction site , er , by skating up to several times the price of zero .
the only one who has been authorized to sell weapons in indonesia , he , he , he , he , said he did not confirm whether he would sell it several days later .
the hostage crisis occurred in south korea and the talks
afghan armed group kidnapped 23 south korean hostages and set the deadline for the final day of the day for south korea to withdraw its troops from the country of afghanistan , or they will kill the hostages .
with the passing of time by one minute , the situation has developed in a positive way , and south korean officials have held talks with the organizations for the first time .
however , the organization said at the same time that another german hostage kidnapped was very weak and started to fall into the mummy and lose consciousness .
he called on germany and south korea to withdraw their troops from afghanistan and demanded that these hostages be exchanged for the 33 guerrillas detained by the afghan government .
a spokesperson for the house abdel aziz said in a telephone interview with afp at a unknown location : through the tribes ' elder brother , we have contacted south korean representatives directly .
amnei said that he hoped that the talks would produce results .
it was decided at local time ( 10 : 30 p.m . taiwan time ) to start the killing of south korean hostages at one time .
the martial arts has been extended for two times .
it is difficult to reach consensus on maritime dispute over the korean war .
because of the lack of understanding of the dividing of each side 's territorial waters , the three - day north - south korean high - level military talks dispersed today .
in the border city of panmunjon , the day 's agenda was held today . the chief north korean representative kim rongzhe said : our + conclusion is that we do not need these talks that have no outcome .
it is a red face with a different face , kim jol criticized south korea , deliberately driving the new boundaries in the sea area to replace the existing ones for discussion .
he said that the northern line was not legal .
in the northern expedition line , the us troops started to fight in 1953 .
north korea said south korean authorities had illegally intruded the waters , causing tension , south korea claimed that the allegation was groundless .
the local waters were in conflict in june 1999 , resulting in dozens of north korean sailors .
in june 2002 , there was another conflict of interest in the kashmir .
us finance minister arrives in china for environmental protection and exchange rate visit
us treasury secretary powell arrived in china yesterday for a visit , and the united states is making every effort to persuade china to further implement the necessary economic reform and environmental protection work , especially the issue of the rmb exchange rate that has attracted much attention .
us diplomats said that powell first went to the northwest china region 's qinghai province to visit the west .
china now has more than 1,000 mu of hydrochloride near the most lake of chang shui .
he will be transferred to beijing today to hold discussions with chinese officials in charge on the us - china strategic economic dialogue process , and other issues .
the us - china strategic economic dialogue mainly discussed economic issues such as environmental protection , and the most important thing was the rmb exchange rate issue . us congressmen believe that the renminbi is excessive .
us - china trade deficit is rising rapidly , and pressure within the united states is gradually rising . congressmen are preparing to take retaliatory action to resist their so - called china unfair trade policy .
last week , the us senate finance committee passed a bill with an overwhelming force , requesting the ministry of finance to approve the names of countries that misevaluate the exchange rate of money and the exchange rate of the currencies , which opened the door for economic sanctions against beijing .
us congressmen said that the renminbi is undervalued , which has caused china to sell goods to the united states . this has aggravated the imbalance in us - china trade . last year , the us trade deficit with china reached us $ 250 million .
mooiki called the " emperor " of the town before he was 60
from early engbu , mooioo 's future has always been the focus of media speculation . however , the same as in the past , portuguese have again emphasized that he will surely stay in west london this summer .
some newspapers listed 14 names of xishi .
the president reiterated that he hopes that a day will be available for the portuguese team .
however , the 44 - year - old muriya did not intend to contribute all his life to soccer , and he said he would retire 60 years ago , he did not want to be bob bruce , brussen , and frogen to be in the old age of the year .
i 've already made a promise to my wife , i will not , like robert paulson and fraser , continue to teach to his 70 s .
the two parties involved in the movement of muliano did not think that he was completely involved in the battle .
i have too many things that i cannot do now waiting for me to do .
lou , i do n't want to be soccer advisor or or technical director , for example , baldaro or saki .
i do n't want to play this role .
i do n't want to be the chairman of a club , but i want to go through soccer , hou neo .
( qi liang )
shanxi 's hongdong cao village wang bing and his brick in the heihe district ( photo )
chinanews , july 29 c the chinese government has decided to cut the number of cadres working in the central academy of the people 's liberation army [ pla ] .
many domestic media have been watching the progress of the case .
because the local departments concerned were relatively cautious , some reporters were unable to enter the scene to gather news .
at present , the pig is still going on .
according to a report by the linfen city intermediate people 's court , if he smoothly got involved , he was expected to end his trial on that day .
but whether he can be a court or not is still unknown .
at about 9 : 00 in the morning , a reporter noticed the scene outside the gate of the linfen city intermediate people 's court , street pedestrians were calm and tranquillous .
perhaps it will have some negative impact on the activities of the court .
when you go , you will have the result that the law is just .
a woman passing by here uncle looked at the emblem of the country and said with self - esteem .
prior to this , there were news in hongdong county that the father of the accused wang bing , wang bing , wang dongzhi , former party branch secretary of shengzu village , was dismissed from his post according to law .
earlier , wang dongju was sentenced to death by a " no haste , be patient " case in the xinyin tunnel company of wang bing , and was expelled from the party .
the " red force " army that was triggered by the wang bing dunzhu case was once a case of slavery ditch in shanxi . the central authorities issued a directive demanding a strict investigation .
the dprk and the rok have reached a consensus on developing light industry and underground resources .
chinanews , beijing , july 8 .
the dprk and the rok held a joint meeting on 7 august on cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources .
according to the agreement , the rok will provide the dprk with light industry products such as clothing to produce raw materials . to this end , the dprk has conferred certain rights of extraction for domestic groups to the rok .
according to a report by the japan sending - out society , the rok and the dprk conducted a joint exploration on light industry and underground resources in kaesong within three days , and finally reached an agreement .
according to the agreement , the rok will send costumes and shoes and soap to the dprk , the total value of the raw materials produced by the soap is 9in the total value of the chinese yen .
the dprk will take three domestic blocks to explore the rights to use nuclear weapons to the rok .
the south korean government will start a large - scale demonstration of hypotheses from the port of inchuan in the western region of the country on 25 july , using the contracts of the port of incheon port in the western region to deliver 500 tonnes of goods to the dprk .
according to the plan , starting from 28 july , the rok and the dprk jointly conducted investigation on the eastern part of the dprk .
the government of the rok started to provide 400,000 metric tons of rice aid to the dprk .
after north korea expressed its willingness to actively implement the agreement reached by the six countries , including the closing of nuclear facilities , economic cooperation between north korea and south korea has again become active .
the lanzhou price bureau has made an explanation of the price limit for the meat surface : only because of the increase of the price of the meat
chinanews , lanzhou , july 10 ( by huang party )
this afternoon , the lanzhou city commodity price bureau invited relevant departments to investigate and discuss the issue of the price limit for meat .
at the press conference , it was learned that the authorities of the china pig bureau and other departments jointly issued a maximum price limit for paper , mainly because the price of meat was too large and exceeded the tolerance capacity of the general residents .
it is reported that the beef meat price has risen by 20 percent , and statistics show that this is the highest since the early 1980 s when lanzhou 's meat price rose for the first time , the shortest period of time and the biggest increase .
" the government 's behavior is to take into account the economic ability of the ordinary residents in the region , and the maximum price we have to go through a cost investigation , " said the director of the lanzhou city commodity price bureau .
on 26 april , the administrative bureau of the administrative bureau of administrative bureau of administrative bureau of administrative bureau of administrative bureau of administrative bureau of administrative bureau and other departments jointly issued the maximum price limit for the meat price of the cowl . the news of the incident aroused strong concern .
it is understood that the forum was aimed at extensively soliciting opinions from various circles and soliciting opinions and suggestions for the specific management methods for taiwan 's next step . it was also disclosed that lanzhou will hold a news conference tomorrow .
this will be the first time that lanzhou city has held a news conference on the beef price increase incident .
imposing additional penalties on china region development association : stop activities for three months
chinanews , beijing , july 11 - according to information from the website , on july 9 , the people 's liberation army [ pla ] department of the people 's liberation army [ pla ] issued a administrative punishment for the cease - fire of activities in china 's area of development .
the punishment order shows that there are still the following illegal activities of the china association for promoting development : the minimum passing standards for the association was collected by the authorities , and the use of the method of using the method of collecting fees from non - member units .
investigation showed that members of the demonstration unit had applied for a membership of 2,00.7 every year . during the period between june and february 2007 , they jointly issued written warnings to more than 20 units . except for one unit member , they received 2,000 yuan from the other , and the remaining members received fees ranging from between the yuan and the yuan , and over 80 million yuan , more than 80 million yuan , which contained the provisions of the administrative fee for collecting fees from the rural cooperative organizations .
according to the " regulations on the registration and management of social organizations " , section 1 , section 1 , of the " regulations on registration of social organizations " , the authorities concerned have given the administrative penalty for stopping the three months for administrative punishment and sealed up the relevant articles , including the xia yan , according to the law .
the rok government hopes to speed up the denuclearization process on the peninsula through the six - party talks
chinanews , beijing , july 12 c according to a report by the rok 's united news agency , the rok government expressed regret over the meeting of the delegation heads to the six - party talks to be held in beijing on 18 july .
the spokesman for the rok ministry of foreign affairs and trade said on 12 april that he hoped that yu yin would discuss the possibility of ending the initial stage measures and implementing the next phase measures as soon as possible at the delegation heads meeting of the six - party talks , and that he would speed up the process of denuclearization on the korean peninsula .
the commentary also said that as the core of the dprk nuclear issue , the chinese government will make great efforts to achieve the goal of achieving a nuclear - free korean peninsula soon and will continue to cooperate closely with the relevant countries for this purpose .
officials revealed that the beijing olympic games are expected to be the largest in number and region
chinanews , beijing , july 16 .
xinhua news agency reports that international liaison department vice minister wang shilin of the beijing olympic organizing committee revealed on 14 april that the beijing olympic organizing committee will submit to the international olympic committee 's 205 member olympic committee next month an invitation for participation in the olympic games by the olympic committee .
he said that if no accident happens , the beijing olympic games will be the largest international olympic games in history .
the report said that from 10 to 12 february , wang shilin , on behalf of the beijing olympic organizing committee , briefed the pan - american sports organization conference on the progress of the preparatory work , including the construction of the + + + + + + transportation arrangement , and the preparation of the + xinxia bridge .
wang shih - lin said : the national and regional leaders of the pan - american sports organizations have shown great enthusiasm for participating in the beijing olympic games . all 42 members have confirmed that they will attend the olympic games to be held in beijing next month .
it is reported that at this meeting , the international olympic committee will work together with the beijing olympic organizing committee to formally invite the international olympic committee 's 205 member olympic committee to attend the olympic games .
( gao , yang limin )
wang yan 's injuries improved , ' persisting in ' sitting on stool and muscle muscle - horses using stool '
jing wang yan has been able to sit on the stool , but the time is still not too long , and she will feel dizzy . yesterday , the chairman of the zhejiang sports bureau 's + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + department +
in the match , wang yan 's wound was continuously improving , with both zoke and muscle in the upper right lims restoring to the lower limit and + duke in the previous 10 days .
in march , wang yan left the maiden pass of the shanghai six hospital ( a specially department need ward for a serious disease ward ) , her right limbs were 2 to 3 , and her upper limbs were 1 .
in the past half a month , wang yan 's upper limbs have further improved .
doctor shi said wang yan 's muscle strength reached four levels , which was five times higher than normal .
in other words , in less than half a month , wang yan 's upper limbs restored the two levels of the limbs .
in front , wang yan was able to get the doctor 's help to persist in sitting on the bed for five minutes .
the hospital rehabilitation experts originally planned to let wang yan go to the hospital under the protection of the rehabilitation beds at the end of last week .
however , according to wang yan 's current recovery , there is only a temporary delay in the rehabilitation training .
wu said that wang yan 's current training is mainly aimed at using his skill as a show , and she can persist in sitting on the bench and continue to spend a long time . ( reporter wang ke ) , wang ke , ( reporter wang ke )
venezuelan president calls for substantial reduction in civil service pay
chinanews , beijing , july 23 c president hugo chouma made a speech on the presidential domestic and foreign policies of the commission on july 22 .
he said : the substantial reduction in the salaries of senior civil servants .
he also said that if foreigners in venezuela attack the venezuelan government , they will face serious consequences and will be expelled from the country .
the order has been issued to government officials to closely monitor the remarks made by foreigners during their visit to venezuela , and it is discovered that anyone publicly criticizes him or the government of the commission will expel him .
he said on the evening of 22 august that venezuela cannot tolerate foreigners running to their homes to find fault .
in his speech , he also pointed out that the reduction of the salaries of senior civil servants will be a big one .
he said : the highest salary of venezuelan civil servants cannot exceed us dollars per month .
it is reported that in venezuela , the monthly income of some poor people is us dollars .
in the latin american countries , the action of reducing civil servants ' wages has become a common practice and has won the support of the broad masses of the people .
peru and other countries ' leaders have all reduced their own wages .
he also said that cuban leaders reminded him to pay attention to the movement commanded by the us side .
he said that carter has given him a us central news agency chief , writing about the memoir written by him , please see how the cia has secret contacts of various kinds in the cia .
the name of the spy plane was turned down yesterday after the trial of the spy case .
on the evening of beijing time , the international automobile movement council held a meeting on the faraway technologies spy case in paris last night , and the number of people who were summoned was mai kai fled through the wheels . the council decided not to mete out punishment to the kailai wheel for the time being .
the international automotive network ( iucl ) issued a statement after the hearing , saying that fu mengfeng , mai maikeley , had secret information about ramli , but at present there is no sufficient evidence to prove that these data were used in the international automobile union 1 league league , and therefore they will not be punished .
however , the ferrari technology spy case did not draw a line on this .
the motor sports council will decide whether to take part in the automobile sports competition if the parties concerned in the future discover that the relevant information in ferrari is damaged at the championships . we reserves the right to request mai kaiju to return to the hearing . at that time , they may face punishment for the disqualification of the 2007 championship or even 2008 in the qualification for participating in the competition .
the number of retired hokkaido , former chief designer of the mai kaikai wheel , who has been suspended , was discovered that he had nearly 800 pages of technical documents , including the french franco , the design power of the design , the power of the design , the draft 2007 , etc. , the construction of the bridge was tested and tested in the series of links of the development and operation .
the kaikai wheel , cool in england , did not know the information before the handover , and the markelin wheel markings did not have any legal ramli .
( wang yuan )
experts believe that the possibility of the movement of insurance products in china will not be affected in the short term .
chinanews , beijing , july 30 .
according to a report by china securities news , the " interim procedures on foreign investment and management of insurance funds " was promulgated a few days ago . insurance funds have a broader space for use in the capital market .
china 's top investment officer liu lefei said that the rmb 's appreciation and the domestic capital market are good , and the insurance institutions will not go through large - scale foreign exchange purchase in the future , also means that insurance industry will not divert domestic stock capital within the short term , insurance industry , and investment funds .
the report said that many insurance institutions hold the same viewpoints .
experts said that since there is no market for renminbi products at present , the method of avoiding risks for insurance institutions is insufficient , so the timing for large - scale foreign exchange purchases is not yet ripe .
liu lefei said : in the long run , with regard to the allocation of assets , foreign investment should take a certain proportion of the overall distribution of insurance companies .
however , in view of the fact that the rmb is under greater pressure for revaluation , china will mainly use its own foreign exchange funds to invest overseas .
the government should also strictly investigate and deal with foreign exchange purchases for overseas investment .
( shang )
china 's sushi county directly suffered 52.5 billion yuan in losses this year
this reporter learned from the general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control in the country as of july that 181 million mu of coal were affected by the flooding , 54.14 million mu of which were affected by the disaster , 652 people died of the disaster , 45.52 households in the households in the households in the household , and directly suffered economic losses of 525 million yuan .
the area of cultivated land in china is 140 - million mu , and some people have some people , but some people have some difficulties due to drought .
in july , the national general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control , in light of the current grim situation in flood prevention and drought control , made an emergency plan .
it is necessary to increase the number of cadres and policemen in provinces along the huai he and the headquarters for flood prevention .
the state flood control headquarters , in conjunction with the ministry of agriculture , have dispatched three work groups to inspect flood prevention and drought control work along the first line and the heavy drought - stricken areas .
at present , the work of flood prevention is proceeding in an intense and orderly manner . the xinghuai river was operating normally . the xinghe flood diversion project was carried out in the rural areas of anhui , the three inland provinces of anhui , and the population was affected by the project .
the troops did not go on a large scale .
heilongjiang province , jiangxi , and other provinces started the emergency response to the drought in accordance with the plan , and the anti - drought work is being carried out in an intense and orderly manner .
the united states and china are both developing countries , according to a report by reporter zhao yongping .
chen shui - bian 's secret approval of the government 's intervention in the election the taiwan " judicial yuan " denied and asked him to explain the matter .
chinanews , july 29 chen shui - bian questioned the people on the island about his attempt to get involved in the taiwan regional leadership election .
taiwan 's judicial yuan administrative yuan administrative yuan -- high - hanchi said that the performance of taiwan 's judges at present is different from what chen shui - bian said . he also asked chen shui - bian to explain his statement .
according to taiwan 's " yin che " report , chen shui - bian questioned the justices or investigators on 30 april , due to political factors or election considerations , and intervened in and even attempted to influence the election activities of various party candidates . he said he hoped that this phenomenon would not exist in taiwan , but it was very difficult .
in view of chen shui - bian 's question , yue sheng , president of the judicial department of taiwan , did not respond . fan kuang - qun , secretary general of the npc , expressed opinions on behalf of the legislature .
gao said that taiwan 's fundamental law and the code of judges have clearly declared that the judge should go beyond the party and must not participate in party activities , nor can the judge accept the relevant restrictions with great caution . the judge believes that the judges of the hong kong academy of justice believe that they are very good .
gao jinzhi pointed out that kaohsiung branch bus judge chang sheng - xi has been involved in a demonstration at the kayagan school several years ago , because the courses have political parties and have a resolution on the self - discipline committee formed by judges .
zhang shengxi once wanted to join the dpp , and was also criticized by some people in the end because of his holding of office for the election .
gao jinzhi maintained that if the trial of individual cases is a case , some balloons may not be moved by the outcome of the judgment alone . he said that the judge has no political intention .
germany to reduce import threshold for professional talent
the first of its kind was the first time in the history of the chinese people 's political consultative conference ( cppcc ) .
the german minister of education and scientific research , sha wanzhang , said recently that germany should lower the restrictions on the introduction of foreign specialized personnel in the law of hong kong , and resolve the problems facing germany in terms of professional talent by increasing the introduction of foreign talents .
according to the oecd report , germany , 15 to 64 - year - old labor force will be reduced year by year .
if there is no sufficient immigration , by 20:germany 's labor force will be reduced by 6 percent as compared with the present .
however , the german employers ' federation and the german engineer association have reported that the current labor market has seen professional engineers running in germany .
the federal labor bureau ( fsd ) said that the unemployment rate in may was 6.5 percent , compared with the same period last year .
in order to protect its own people 's employment , germany has set a higher threshold for introducing foreign talent .
the german " culture " stipulates that the professional personnel of non - eu countries may not be reduced to less than 855,000 euros in germany , otherwise they cannot obtain work and residence permits for germany .
he suggested that this limit be lowered to the stock market .
do not have faith in law , but go through the circle
the draft amendment to the law on lawyers , which was recently submitted to the npc standing committee for deliberation , stipulates : those professional lawyers who have engaged in legal research and teaching , and those who have high levels of professional skills such as candidates or candidates of equal number , and who apply for legal profession , may be permitted to practise lawyers after the examination by the judicial administrative department of the state council .
( adopted by china on 28 june )
in law , there are some theories and some departments , and some people are engaged in teaching and research .
over a long period of time , the theoretical circle and the real circles have engaged in literary and artistic phenomena , with some theoretical circles believing that the current situation lacked necessary responses , but only a mechanized law lest it in the field , while the troops were in touch with the theoretical circle , and the theoretical guidance was not practical .
with regard to such division of labor , what can the law do is to maintain the situation , not support any party .
however , the provisions in the law on lawyers were found in the factual lawyers , but objectively they approved the law theory that is higher than the law , and the judgments made by the legal profession .
in fact , some international organizations , such as law history research and teaching experts , have studied the law of the international legal system . their theories are very different from those of the law .
in this way , the lawyers ' encumbration is undoubtedly the result of the disqualification of law lawyers , which has an extremely bad tie .
lump in theory , the comic faith of experts and experts will often come to an impact on the ruling of the court , and this is also the direct manifestation of this superstition .
and encourage chinese - funded vessels to hang songnavigation
the first batch of the new generation of the chinese people 's liberation army [ pla ] has arrived in beijing on the morning of 6 august .
judging from the state council 's piao press conference , starting 1 july this year , china will implement the special administrative region administrative reform for international shipping companies to register international shipping vessels and encourage chinese - funded enterprises in the flag to return to china for registration and obtain approval for registration , and obtain approval for ships of the people 's republic of china to hang ships and begin navigation voyage .
to further promote the healthy development of china 's maritime industry and to strengthen the country 's shipyards , the ministry of science and technology has issued a circular to the people 's liberation army [ pla ] on issues related to the registered and hanging of foreign vessels and ships . the ministry of communications recently issued a public announcement on the registration policy for international ships and ships under international shipping co. ltd.
the ship may choose from the name of the port of origin of the ship in shanghai .
britain lowers the level of terrorist attack
on july 5 , london ( by guo lin )
british government bans the stage of terrorist attacks from the highest level to the serious level of the british horse , indicating that there will not be any terrorist attack soon , but the attacks may still be carried out by the + movement .
at present , the british police have transferred the scope of the investigation to india and australia .
the eight arrested terrorists were arrested .
it is reported that some people in britain 's public medical system work are overseas - funded medical workers .
the prime minister also called for the study of the background of the migrants of high technology , and the employers or relevant organizations will be asked to provide background information .
please do n't let traders get trouble
liaochun tourism is slackening in the qing dynasty , and it is the largest enjoying the life of natural and social civilization .
however , they travel in the country , and many people have suffered such a kind of worry . when the traders and dealers of business intermediary business are surging and chasing .
whether it is a car or a train , the bus must be accompanied by small traders and some intermediary that has no license to go .
it is not selling peanut pig , which is selling newspapers and periodicals , and even exaggerating the drinking water without license , or even using the intermediary license .
if you do not accept it , he can chase you several hundred meters , and if you are not successful , you will become benevolent .
in some scenic spots , many things have the same feelings .
before entering the gate , some people come to travel and little grapes .
after entering the door , this situation will be more serious . no matter how good yaxing is , it is also said that it has been rarely seen .
there have been media reports that many foreign tourists who went to xian have praised the temple in xi ' an , but they have more to allow the many small commercial hawkers who have won a pile to sell them all over .
these include the train of the movement of the wind and the wind , which was originally carried out by localities and which should be civilized , quiet and harmonious , giving a widow environment .
the free flow of traders has stirred up trouble .
the important thing is that these industries are the window and currents for local spiritual civilization construction . they are not only the question of image , but also the impact on local economic development .
just think , if you want to be a big and strong tourism industry , you use this kind of chaotic , beautiful , beautiful tourism environment to welcome guests from south to north , who is still willing to come ?
your tourism economy has also achieved economic results .
with the arrival of the peak tourism season , the tourism industry has created a civilized tourist environment for tourists from the northern part of the tiannan region . it should be said that the pressing task is to be met .
wo n't you get a market , but the business of petty hawkers should be standardized , and those operating without license must be resolutely cancelled , and illegal activities must be resolutely cracked down .
a civilized and orderly environment can allow me to feel happy and to work hard to make the people feel happy and to come back .
in one sentence , do not let traders go to trouble .
the decision to retreat and rewards the troops on their own initiative
the construction of neighborhood in dongcheng district in beijing used electric materials and other articles as tools for the protection of 12 households on their own .
( xinjing bao , 10 july )
i am proud of the improvement in the family life of these people , but i think that there are some articles that reward those who have taken the initiative to retreat and those who have not yet been released .
the deputy director of the neighborhood office said that the incident of cheating the minimum security guarantee was encouraged to return to the minimum guarantee system .
if this model is an encouragement to other people with low - income workers to get out of their predicament through their own efforts , it is indeed worth advocating , and if they want to use this to touch those who have long deceived the low - income groups , they will not be naive .
in the process of differentiating and clearing up the housing estates , the more dependable is the law .
the departments concerned should strengthen the protection of low - income households in the course of enjoying minimum - income insurance : if they report on the changes in family members and income , report on employment situation , and accept periodic reexamination , the relevant departments should intensify supervision and inspection .
after all , the troops retreat from the armed forces according to law .
the neighborhood has also organized a group of people to award the families that have returned to the insurance .
as a first - level government organization , the neighborhood is responsible for financial appropriations .
taxpayers ' money should not be spent ?
on the one hand , the households that withdraw from the minimum guarantee have proven that they have the ability to manage their own income and make their own decisions on their own ; on the other hand , do n't those who apply for minimum security ?
the us military , which is called the life - saving fund , should send charcoal in the snowy weather rather than add flowers to the brocade .
liu gangyi is willing to be service provider , more importantly
on 10 july , the first nationwide open - minded township , ma xin , in the xingdui town of xindu district , received the fourth democratic election after taking office , with a turnout rate reaching 97.7 percent .
at a news conference held with liu gangyi , liu gangyi defined himself as a service provider .
( yesterday 's beijing news )
liu gangyi 's party service members may be more popular than some cadres appointed .
the public opinion poll shows that the most popular vote - appointment system is the one which is mainly decided by ordinary party members and masses , while the latter is mainly composed of higher - level organizations and appointed by the authorities , and the direction of power source has determined that the former must place the responsibility for the people in the first place .
the source of power and the person in charge are the basic criteria for determining how the person elected will carry out his work .
some people questioned whether the democratic movement in taiwan was like a show of democracy .
my view is that with the democracy , the reform method is more important than the ones .
in consideration of the actual situation in the building of democratic politics at the grass - roots level in china , i believe that the promotion of the public was a major breakthrough . democracy is an important component of democracy , and it must not be underestimated to promote the building of democratic politics at the grass - roots level .
india is expected to elect first female presidential analyst to be elected , and female voters hope to raise women 's status
on 23 june , accompanied by chairman chang chun - hsiung , candidate of the senate ,
on 19 august , the indian presidential election started , and the new president will be elected with the support of the current vice president shevardat and governor thompson of lumbar bakar , who resigned recently .
pouyin is the first female presidential candidate in indian history . if she is elected , she will become the first female president of india .
pingtan is the presidential candidate of the ruling national congress party , and shevardat is from the opposition party .
since the congress party has not yet won the majority in the presidential election , the media and the people have successively moved and untouched the possibility of being elected .
the 72 - year - old king is the daughter governor of rajasthan state .
she 's a lawyer , who entered the parliament , experienced , and served as governor of lumbar state , she was given government support .
she also committed to social welfare , and was a culture education and social welfare organization honorary chairman .
analysts pointed out that the reason why the movement became a candidate was because she always kept on the promise made by chairman sonia gandhi of india 's national congress party .
in india , the gandhi family has long controlled the ruling national congress party .
pingkun has been supported by a large number of female voters . the female voters believe that the parent will go to india to improve the image of women in the country where the sense of women is serious in discriminating against women .
the constitution stipulates that india is a federal state , and the president is nominated by the head of state and the party . it does not represent any organization , and more is a symbol .
( yan ying )
the united states supports the palestinian government in expelling extremists
the us delegation led by the secretary of defense ,
us president bush said on 21 march that the united states will fully support the pakistani government in moving forward the military bases and the extremists from pakistan to afghanistan .
bush said at a weekly broadcast that day that according to the new intelligence of the united states , the military camp in the border region of pakistan and afghanistan found security + in the tibetan area .
he expressed great concern over this .
bush said that the united states will continue to support pakistani president musharraf , and will persist in holding talks with the armed elements of the al-qa'ida and the armed elements .
the " national intelligence evaluation " report recently published by the united states pointed out that the armed muslim organizations , especially the + hankuang group , still pose a threat to the united states .
mashariqa was elected president of the state of the people 's republic of pakistan in september last year by some tribu leaders , with regard to the activities of members of the organizations of the forces and the police forces and the bases .
these tribes cannot get their upper hand or have the ability to defend the security of the region .
bush 's early recording of the white paper indicated that musharraf is taking positive steps to correct this mistake .
the united states hopes that the dprk nuclear issue agreement will be implemented in an all - round way .
the first batch of the new missile - launching pad , which is located in the eastern part of the country , is expected to be completed in the next few days
us assistant secretary of state for the dprk nuclear issue hill , us representative for the six - party talks , said on 23 march that the six - party talks on the dprk nuclear issue held last week was very important , and the talks were truly progress , but this was only the initial action of implementing the agreement .
the united states very much hopes that the ' 9.19 joint statement ' and the ' 2.13 joint document ' can be implemented in a comprehensive manner .
greenspan said at a press conference that he had decided to make a breakthrough in solving the dprk nuclear issue in order to achieve the goal of thoroughly resolving the dprk nuclear issue by the end of this year and realize the functions of nuclear facilities .
he expressed the hope that all parties concerned will fully fulfill their commitments on the six - party talks on the korean nuclear issue within one year .
hill also said that during the talks on security and energy , the united states , the dprk and japan will also discuss the inter - korean bilateral relations between the us and dprk delegations , which have yet to be resolved .
climate change has led to the rapid shrinkage of the alps glaciers .
the delegation of the chinese academy of sciences ( cdu ) in geneva ,
the swiss science experts have long followed the study and discovered that between 1850 and between 1850 , there were still some trammers of ice in the length of the river between hong kong and switzerland .
the tangled movement led to the collapse of alps .
experts believe that by the year 2100 , if the temperature in the world increases three times , the glacier will be reduced by more than the current figure , while the rising 5 percent , the glacier will completely disappear .
alice glacier is one of the longest glaciers in europe , and is listed as a world heritage heritage site by the united nations organization for the protection of the natural heritage . in one year from 1996 , he cut down the rice , and protection was already carried out by the troops .
the photo is a 23 - km - long alech glacier .
photos by liu jun .
various olympic games proposed by the taiwan consumers association that as civilized consumers
the beijing - july 30 th
reporter liang jie learned from the china consumer association that at the 29 th olympic games held on 8 august , the first anniversary of the collapse of the olympic games will soon be taken by the consumer association of beijing municipality , the shanghai municipal rights protection committee , the consumer association , the consumer association , the consumer association , the consumer association , and the hong kong consumer council , in the name of the six cities , issued a proposal to the consumers : display the rights and interests of the cities with our civilization ,
the proposal proposes that from my previous thoughts , i should enhance the awareness of the humanistic olympic games , learn knowledge , raise civilization , practice civilized norms , observe society , and be consumers who know the ceremony and civilization .
and enhance the sense of the green olympics , protect the ecological environment , actively promote sustainable consumption , and be a consumer who estures green consumption .
we should foster the awareness of diligence and frugality , change the concept of consumption , blindly compare with each other , oppose extravagance and waste , and be rational consumers with a scientific concept of consumption .
raising the awareness of protecting consumer rights and taking the initiative to participate in social supervision , consciously respecting intellectual property rights , correctly understanding rights and obligations , and acting as a reasonable consumer who acts according to law ;
promote the spirit of moving along with the active participation , publicize olympic ideas , and be the disseminator of olympic spirit .
the police corps " hong kong heavenly kingdom " celebrated the return of hong kong to the motherland for 10 years
on 1 july , the police of the jinghai temple in nanjing were again knocked down and moved .
this strong historical resonance has shown through the radio station 's channel to the mainland and hong kong , and the residents of hong kong and compatriots in hong kong jointly celebrated the 10th anniversary of hong kong 's return to the motherland .
the july 1 movement of nanjing was moved by the morning gate of the xinghai temple in nanjing on 1 july 10 years ago . the police force in the world started to show some facial expression of the history of the hong kong island .
not great , the influence of people of all walks of life in nanjing , who said that they would pass the thick wave of the police in the world to warn themselves and not forget history forever .
the police in the world was 1.842 meters tall and was in 1842 when the " nanjing treaty " broke out .
standing about 1.907 metres , he is a friend of hong kong .
the police 's strategy and the cast of the bell wang fengling explained that the five lines of the mailing of the mailing of the five times were all around the bell , and the entire copper bell used high - sculptures , symbolizing the hong kong being the tanggu dongfang sculpture in the east , and finally , using the flower flower in nanjing as the symbol of the manga in the city .
the first proposal that the construction of the police bell was worth reflecting , yu xiaodong , a democratic figure who suggested that hong kong 's reversion has been going on for 10 years . he hopes that hong kong will be able to show itself in the mood tomorrow like that . he will never stop doing this .
( end ) ( zhu xiaoying , liu yang )
the russian security bureau accused oligarchs of " conspiring to get married "
the oligarchy , the oligarchy 's lawyer in exile in london , announced on 2 july that the russian federal security bureau has formally put a new charge on his litigant , accusing the countries of mike plot that russia planned to seize the power of violence .
borowov pointed out that the visit to china by bishop lezovsky in april this year when interviewed by the british newspaper the guardian , that he was ready to start the mt in russia , confirmed that he would provide financial support to the rightwing elite representatives who oppose the authorities ' policies .
the russian federal security bureau 's reconnaissance bureau immediately carried out a search and rescue operation on the basis of the clause 278 on the violent clashes between the clashes of the other side . recently , it formally made a relevant accusation at the moscow sarviv court .
it is reported that in february 2006 , the russian federal procuratorate already instituted a criminal case against bishop . according to the same claim , the oligarchs in exile confirmed in an interview that they were trying to seize the russian regime by force .
pierre has been exiled abroad and has been unable to extradite . in january 2007 , russia temporarily suspended the investigation of the case .
on 2 july , moscow 's sarviev court began to try another case of an oligarchy case . the russian general procuratorate accused beekovsky of embezzling 214 million rubles of russian airlines , washing 16 million rubles , and the court decided to postpone the court inquiry until 12 july . the court will defend the accused country 's designated national defense lawyer .
but he believes that these were all misled , and they clearly banned their own lawyers from taking part in the activities .
( bi yuan )
guangxi 's leading posts are subject to administrative efficiency supervision 619 people punished
since the beginning of this year , various departments in guangxi have carried out activities to change the work style of cadres and strengthen the administrative efficiency of organs in guangxi . the administrative procedures for handling the work of examining responsibility for the system of accountability for responsibility are " systems " . 33 work posts in key departments directly under the autonomous region were included in the administrative supervision network .
so far , 619 people have been punished .
on 5 may , the discipline inspection committee of the shanxi autonomous region learned that currently , guangxi has initially formed the administrative efficiency supervision network of the administrative departments in cities and counties in the autonomous region , and stepped up supervision over the posts of key departments . all of the 14 municipal electronic monitoring systems were linked to the regional network .
the regional government 's electronic monitoring system is directly linked to the areas where the investment environment and the people 's production and livelihood are concerned . the key examination and approval department under the autonomous region has appointed him as chief secretary of the department directly under the autonomous region , further standardizing the examination and approval procedures , and improving the efficiency of examination and approval .
at the same time , discipline inspection and supervision organs at all levels in guangxi have strictly investigated and handled cases of malpractices that have caused harm to the interests of the masses . at present , 111 cases were verified . they investigated 769 cases and investigated 584 units and 619 cadres of units .
member of the standing committee of the cpc committee , ma yuyi , said on 5 april that administrative supervision is a work accompanying administrative activities , and it is necessary to gradually form a long - term mechanism .
guangxi should further improve and standardize all administrative management procedures and establish and improve the system of work for supervising administrative efficiency and the mechanism of ensuring the effectiveness of supervision , should standardize the procedures for supervision and inspection , should improve the mechanism for handling complaints and the mechanism for evaluating achievements , and should strengthen the accountability system to ensure the primary responsibility of those who are held accountable and the system for ensuring the quality of those who are responsible for the work .
the united states and china are both developing countries , according to a report by the world bank here thursday .
nato does not rule out the possibility of cooperating with the united states on the issue of the abm system .
nato information minister simonna demanso said in an exclusive interview with xinhua on 9 august that the possibility of linking the us anti - missile system with nato 's self - defense system cannot be excluded .
simonna demansou said nato is currently studying the us anti - missile plan , hoping that the us anti - missile base will cover all european allies .
she said that nato has its own theater missile defense system and has begun discussions on the establishment of a strategic missile defense system , linking the us anti - missile system with nato 's self - defense system is not impossible .
she also said that the united states has not made any progress on the issue of the united states establishing an anti - ballistic missile system in europe . nato will exchange information with russia through various channels in a timely manner .
the united states and china have signed a memorandum of understanding on the establishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries .
two jordanian people were arrested for planning attacks on americans
two jordanian men jailed for planning attacks on americans in jordan were arrested by the jordanian national security court on 11 april .
both of them are 25 - year - old men , a man named shaheu hutari , and were sentenced to eight years ' imprisonment and forced labor service . another person , + yifu , hada , was sentenced to three years ' imprisonment and was forced to work for more labor .
the court said that al-taleham was also charged with illegal holding of the police . when searching for his house , the police discovered a submachine gun .
the court originally decided to sentence him to life imprisonment in hohhot , and later considered giving him a chance to change his tactics and go through the chance of life , and he would cut him for eight years .
the indictment said that the two defendants decided to provide some aid to those who were humiliated by the united states and then planned to attack the iraqi american people in jordan after the outbreak of the iraq war .
in august 2006 , they came together with a chinese entrepreneur who lived in the jordanian capital of anman , but was arrested by police before the attack .
in the indictment , the us did not make public the identity of this american .
the indictment also accused the two defendants of having plans to attack other americans , but did not reveal any specific details .
the chinese government has decided to increase the number of foreign visitors to the united states by 8 percent in the first half of this year .
diabetes drug , vindy , has caused bad reaction
according to a report by the us media on 15 august , the heart disease caused by diabetes , humania , and elsewhere , has recently shown a trend of sharp rise in the united states .
the food and drug administration ( fda ) in the united states issued a safety warning in may this year , suggesting that diabetes be used as a warning to diabetes patients , because scientists published a research report in the new medical journal published on 21 may . the report said that this kind of glossing - selling drugs will greatly increase the incidence of heart disease among patients and the spread of the disease .
the artists of wenyi 's house were closely followed by doctors and patients .
the statistics show that after the issue of safety warnings , the us pharmaceutical administration bureau received 357 clauses of incorrect language and adam , of which 38 were reports of death .
however , in january and february this year , the drug administration received only 50 and 73 bad - reaction reports respectively .
these bad responses lightly hit the water bubble and caused sudden heart attack .
however , the us drug administration experts believe that now the text disney is not safe .
the authority will issue a report on the proposed draft law on wendi on 30 july .
in 1999 , wen diya was a insulin sharpener , which was applied to diabetes .
there are about 6 million diabetes patients in the world who have taken or are taking disney .
the artists of the english language elegant rand sk have always believed that man disan is safe and that for patients , he is more than discrepancy .
prc : us intends to reopen middle east peace talks
us president bush delivered a speech in washington on 16 january , calling for a meeting of the international conference on palestine and israel this fall , inviting some arab countries and other relevant countries in palestine to join israel 's palestine movement to jointly promote the resumption of the middle east peace process .
on 17 august , bush also called egyptian president mubarak king mubarak in jordan ii and king in saudi arabia respectively , asking them to respond positively to the proposal and to support the president of the palestinian national authority , abbas , in actual action , in order to help palestine and israel resume peace talks at an early date .
abbas says the plo central committee will discuss palestine 's early election
the chairman of the palestinian national authority , abbas , said in ramallah on 18 april that the two - day meeting of the central committee of the palestine liberation organization ( plo ) will open on the same day and the meeting will discuss issues such as the early holding of the palestinian national authority and the legislative council elections .
abbas said that he was very pleased to meet with eu foreign and security officials at the ramallah residence and met with representatives of eu foreign and security affairs .
at the same time , abbas expressed his dissatisfaction with the relations between the palestinian national authority and the european union .
he said : the palestinian side welcomes the european union 's understanding of the measures taken by the palestinian president 's office .
abbas urged the eu to continue providing humanitarian aid to the palestinian people in gaza .
he reiterated the eu 's position on abbas and the palestinian people .
he said : the relevant un peace mission in the middle east ( the eu 's tie u . s . and russia ) will hold a meeting on 19 april to discuss the issue of restarting the middle east peace process . in the next few days , it may be proposed .
nuke said that the eu would not be satisfied with the deployment of international troops in gaza , but it still needs to discuss with other parties , especially with the united nations .
the chinese government will continue to implement the policy of " one country , two systems " in the coming years , said wang yi , vice minister of foreign trade and economic cooperation .
jiangxi will provide rural rural medical personnel with a 30 - year - old medical medal
for a long time , a large number of professional and technical personnel in public health have contributed to the health of the rural areas and the health of the peasants . they have contributed to the health of the laborers and the population .
jiangxi province recently decided to transfer more than 30 years of medical technical personnel to rural areas to work in rural areas for 30 years .
according to the jiangxi provincial health department , the number of people engaged in the professional and technical work in medical schools at and above the township health care institutes held by the government has the academic qualifications of secondary vocational education and the professional and technical personnel at and above the primary level . those who work continuously in township hospitals or town hospitals with blood defense groups or merged with maoist village for 30 years are all covered by the award .
the first batch of confirmed accounts will end in july .
for rural public health personnel who meet the requirements , besides issuing licenses to rural public health workers for 30 years , the inner mongolian autonomous region pass examination to examine the candidates in jiangxi province and give priority consideration to the appropriate ones :
the senior level examination is passed by the length of the examination line , and the assessment is based on actual work ability . the examination and evaluation criteria are relaxed as appropriate . candidates are exempted from examination .
the jiangxi provincial health department will also arrange a certain number of vacation sessions every year to provide financial support .
starting this year , jiangxi province will launch a trial of rural public health work in the rural areas every two years . the recommendation of the award for verification work is recommended .
the united states and china are both developing countries , according to the report
the us department of defense reconsidered the plan to reduce us troops in europe
a us defense department official said on 23 march that due to the iraq war and changes in the world situation , the us defense department is reconsidering formulating a plan to reduce about half the number of us troops stationed in europe .
the us media quoted a defense department official as saying that since the iraq war is still going on and the relations between the united states and russia and iran have worsened , the ministry of national defense proposed some questions about the feasibility of reducing the european military stationed there .
in addition , then secretary of defense rumsfeld announced that the united states would send troops in europe from the original 11.00 to 1:7.00 , and build a high - powered contingent with little strength .
at present , the total us military strength in europe and the united states has fallen to the lowest level .
however , in june this year , commander of the us military 's european command , duke , submitted a report to current defense minister , asking questions about the plan .
the report said that us troops in europe , while reducing their troops , have been transferred to iraq and afghanistan in turn , making the us troops in europe short of sufficient manpower and unable to conduct normal cooperation with its european allies .
the report suggested that the us - european military reduction plan be stopped .
a relevant us expert held that the above phenomena show that the iraq war has dragged on for a long time , and the us military 's original adjustment plan has been changed .
the united states and china have signed a memorandum of understanding on the establishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries .
the " han - fu " project has brought along safety - related films into the construction site .
prc : qingdao , 26 jul ( renmin wang ) -- recently ,
in order to further deepen the reform of the urban civilization , let the masses of residents enhance their awareness of the rule of law and traffic safety , and enhance their consciousness of observing the law , the city has conducted a series of activities from 10 july to 10 august ( on 20 august every week ) . the zhizhen city group , in the midst of the three riverbanks , the san nang city of the town of nongjin town , the town of the qiongyuan town ,
in the process of the film festival , the brigade printed the " protection of life -- to the general public . "
the time that the curtain of the film touched people 's sigh , and the scenes of various parties gave a great warning effect .
in particular , the special topic " on the road to attend school " has been used in format , allowing people with ease and love to see , and receiving profound education .
the film attracted the attention of more than 3,000 residents around the square , especially some local residents who came to yangzhou to sit at the center with great relish watching .
through sending transportation safety films into communities ( by xia ) , the activities of working along the construction site have enabled the masses of residents to appreciate the films while enjoying the festive mood and to receive profound education on traffic safety , which have been warmly received by the public , especially the new residents .
china 's catering industry to gradually implement health supervision system
in order to better implement the " food and health law " and the " decision of the state council on further strengthening food safety work , " the ministry of health has already carried out the " food safety decision " in haidian district of beijing municipality , taizhou city of zhejiang province , city of taizhou city , hubei province , xingyang city , haikou city of hainan province , xinxi of hainan province , xinxi of hainan province , and xifeng of sichuan province , and the public health
this system will also gradually move toward the whole country .
the catering industry has made significant progress in the past few years in supervising the work of the catering industry .
according to briefings , the public notice will adopt unified methods and methods stipulated by the ministry of health , including the results of comprehensive evaluation of the health supervision at the site and the institutions that bear the supervision and management responsibility , as well as the complaint and reporting telephone numbers of the customers , and posted them at the door of the dining hall or at a prominent position of the customers to find out the conditions of the customer in the name of the local resident .
the united states and japan held a meeting here thursday to discuss the issue of the nuclear test in the south china sea .
security council decides to extend peacekeeping mission in ethiopia
the un security council unanimously adopted a resolution on 30 may to extend the peacekeeping troops stationed in hong kong by the un troops and by the peacekeeping troops of eritrean ( egypt eritrean ) to january next year .
the resolution urged all parties concerned to honor their commitments , maintain restraint , ease the tense situation , avoid unctuous military activities , and urged the expedition of the israeli army and military equipment to withdraw from the provisional security zone , and called on the troops to reduce the number of additional military troops deployed in the nearby security zone recently .
the resolution demanded that the pei immediately take concrete steps to enable the eritrean border committee to quickly set the border without any circumstances , and demanded that erita no longer delay the no - action plan , cancel all restrictions on the operation and operations of the egypt - ecuador group .
the resolution reiterated that it will fully support the work of the eritrean border committee and expressed gratitude for the committee 's decision to hold a meeting with eritrea and eritrea on september 6 .
in 1998 , the erie and the armed conflict broke out in the border , causing several deaths .
in june 2000 , ethiopia and eritrea signed a cease - fire agreement in algeria 's capital algiers .
the united nations began to implement the peacekeeping force along the ethiopian - eritrean border in july 2001 to supervise the implementation of the cease - fire agreement between the two countries .
the chinese government has decided to increase the number of foreign investment in the country by the end of this year , according to the official .
to welcome the national county - level elections
the chengdu military region of the people 's liberation army [ pla ]
xing yin , a reporter from zhihe county of shanxi province , carried out the spirit of the party central committee 's directive on building a harmonious socialist society , and worked together with the people to discuss the theme of the olympic games , enriched the cultural sports life of the masses , and the life of the masses .
the six - day event attracted more than 1,200 people from 10 county level men from all over the country .
according to the regulations , athletes taking part in this competition must be a player , aged 18 or above .
for 2006 spring 2007 , the state sports administration bureau management center will be registered as professional or professional athletes not to join the competition .
the competition will adopt the latest chinese expedition rules " drawing rules , " which will be divided into two stages .
the competition was jointly organized by the state sports general administration center and the china sports association , and organized by the china international sports travel company .
in recent years , the two counties with history have made great progress in cultural and sports undertakings . the shuangfu county has received several candidates from sports county , the county , and advanced sports units of the masses across the country , including the sports advanced units .
in particular , in the new rural construction , shuangliu county has vigorously implemented projects for peasants ' sports undertakings , and beautified rural areas by using the method of afforestation and beautifying the rural areas . the two sports grounds have been built by the rural areas and by the farmers , and the sports service system has been extended to rural areas . peasants with local characteristics , happy farmers , happy with the characteristics , were seen to see the local farmers , and improved their quality in sports and sports competitions
the three functions of modern military uniforms
first , recognition functions .
differentiating different armed forces from different countries , different armed forces , and the people .
in the world , the number of military troops from more than 100 countries is basically the same , but there are no two armed forces in any two countries .
second , symbolizing functions .
to a certain extent , the military uniforms are not only the manifestation of the national spirit , but also the strength of a country 's army in fighting .
in the dress , the dress of the chang du - yu was used as a model of the armed forces . the troops who were armed with the pass showed the might as well as the elegant pass of the army .
third , the defense function .
with the development of new and high - tech weapons and equipment , the comprehensive defense functions of new - type military uniforms have the anti - bomb detection capability , anti - chemical warfare , anti - radiation radiation , and transfer of wet balloons and hot - hot - water , etc. , have become the most important issue in the development of military uniforms .
( shi wei )
the party committee organs of the brigade dared to deal with problems .
the first batch of the new - type missile , which is now being developed in sichuan province , is now in the first half of the year .
" the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] chairman yang ruyu reported that when we were able to hold house , we benefited from the determination and courage of the party committee organs of the dah team in clearing houses .
today , a certain communications training group under the chengdu military region moved more than 10 cadres of qiaoshi 's communications training group . they all expressed deep concern over the facade solution of the issue that the party committee of the group dared to solve the problem , the working style that was brave enough to contend with the hard .
a few years ago , with the personnel , the family building of this brigade was violated by the law in some housing units , causing the cadres in service to have difficulty in housing . the officers and men had a lot of complaints about this .
the group also made clear several real estate buildings , and all of them were unable to resolve the problem because of various obstructions . this problem became an old and difficult problem .
only by daring to make comparison with reality can one not solve problems .
the new party committee leadership reached a consensus on the matter , and the principal leaders personally came to the fore to thoroughly sort out all the problems concerning the illegal occupation of houses .
they moved on to the side and asked to see some personnel concerned . they said that the army 's houses were formed in the rural areas where the troops ' houses were raised . they showed the party committee 's firm determination and principled stand .
we should also strictly manage the housing industry in some housing units .
after two months of meticulous work , all coal mines that illegally occupy houses must undergo regular removal .
the party committee of the unit has the courage to fight the tough battle and has also produced the effect of the campaigns . the previous cadres who were unwilling to actively cooperate with the organization have now expressed their submission to the organization and decided one after another .
chinese npc vice - chairman meets bangladesh air force delegation
the beijing - july 9 th of this newspaper
reporter zhang shun : member of the central military commission [ cmc ] , commander of the air force qiao qingchen met with visiting bangladesh air force chief of staff ioko mauman and his party in beijing today .
qiao qingchen said : since the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and bangladesh , bilateral relations have been developing smoothly . high - level exchanges have been frequent , and friendly exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been constantly strengthened .
the two countries have always supported and helped each other in international affairs and in their respective national construction .
the chinese side appreciates bangladesh 's support to china on issues concerning taiwan 's human rights situation and tibet .
qiao qingchen said : the chinese army treasures the development of friendly relations with the bangladesh army . he hopes that with the joint efforts of both sides , the friendly cooperation between the two armed forces will be further expanded in various fields and at different levels , the friendly exchanges and cooperation between the air forces of the two countries will be strengthened , and the friendly and cooperative relations established between the two armed forces will be raised to a new level .
qi said that bangladesh will make its own efforts to further develop the friendly relations between the two armed forces , especially the two air forces .
he reiterated that the bangladesh government will , as always , adhere to the one - china policy .
before the meeting , qiao qingchen held a welcoming ceremony for kiioo .
qi is here at the invitation of qiao qingchen and will begin his official friendly visit to china on 8 july .
the 7 - style military uniform designer is the chinese army net
the beijing - july 13 th reporter of the pla yang baojin , liu xinxin , reported : since 1 august , the pla units will be changing their model of 07 military uniforms one after another .
this evening , the chinese military website specially invited military supplies and materials to be used by chen jun , deputy director of the armament bureau , and yu yi , senior engineer of the military equipment research institute , to be a guest of china , to have a discussion with netizens inside and outside the army on the background of the birth of the new military uniform and the research and development process .
the two guests are the model designer of the 07 military uniform .
on the new military uniform changes , they said that the 07 military uniforms were built on a large number of troops in the new mode of military uniforms . they said that the series of troops uniforms in military uniforms , etc. , were improved as many as several hundred times .
the model of the 07 military uniforms is the most important manifestation of the functions of people making their functions into parts and moving them into characters , so that our army 's uniforms have met for the first time the coordinated standards of the three armed forces ' different series , indicating that our army has made a historic leap in the building of its military uniforms .
the two guests also exchanged views on the new military uniform variety , the blue - shaped , and other issues with netizens .
this time , the grapple was jointly produced by the nets of the nets and nets of the nets of china netequ nets .
jingjiang city people 's armed police platform upgraded
the first batch of new - type military aircraft , which came into operation in jingjiang city , jiangsu province , came under the command of the armed forces department of xilai town , lu yuqing , who was teaching the " psychological warfare under informatized conditions " , on 18 june . the group was unanimously held by the trainees at the training level .
this is the concrete embodiment of the concrete practice of the military cadre in connection with their work posts , and exert efforts to improve the overall quality of the military cadre .
early this year , the party committee of the people 's armed forces department discovered through investigation and study at the grassroots level that some military cadres had worked for the posts of candidates and concurrently worked in the department , but did not devote their main energy to the armed work .
to this end , they adopted the method of training in a concentrated way and relying on local party school training to regularly train specialized military cadres and to work hard to solve the problems of the lack of knowledge among military cadres .
in light of the central tasks , we should boldly assign tasks to specialized military cadres , temper them through working posts , and improve their abilities in working posts .
at the same time , they actively coordinated local organization departments and jointly formulated the " plan for hiring specialized military cadres by competing for jobs , " which clearly stipulates that the head of the armed forces must go to the party committee and no longer serve any other positions .
it has established a mechanism for readjusting and exchanging cadres with specialized weapons . for some young cadres who are on the high side who do not meet the needs of the armed forces at the grassroots level , they have promptly readjusted and exchanged cadres and promoted comrades with strong work abilities in comprehensive quality .
not long ago , the executive officer of the new century armed forces company limited , chen yisong , led the militia technical detachment in developing the underwater vessels by innovating and developing the techniques , filled the gap in domestic vessels and was upgraded to the head of the armed forces department of the company .
good will begin with
the result of the competition alone is 2 - 2 , which is reasonable and is also something that people can accept . the key lies in the process of the competition .
if iran is 2 - 0 ahead , then bickle the score , then it will send a feeling of dissimilarity to china , and it will be very long , in the mood of the balls , the opposite .
the good will cannot be ended in the end . one old problem can be said .
he often goes through the situation .
this is indeed not something that can happen to him .
however , judging from the competition today , it seems that it is not true .
sun jihai , hao zhixiang , hao shijie , and others kicked in europe without saying that li wei and his like were also married for a long time . they had seen many things and said that they had not had any psychological quality .
regrettably , he was forced by the iranian team to plead for a long time , and he was probably transferred to the army .
iran has been behind , and has been replaced by two men . the scene was immediately moved .
the second half of the ball was changed to the name , but the effect was not good .
overcoming the old problems that may not be good at the beginning and the end , we must accurately find the root causes of the existing problems .
as long as the problem is accurately identified , the way of changing the existing problem is probably not difficult to find .
fear of being anxious for a sudden illness and going to hospital .
if things go on like this , the balls will be kicked more , and the old ones will be committed , and the kick will not be discussed , and the people will be able to get a better play .
the ministry of public security has given the guangdong border defense corps hospital a collective honor of two .
the first batch of the new generation of the chinese people 's liberation army ( pla ) will be completed in shenzhen on july 18 .
li guoliang reports : over the years , the guangdong border defense corps hospital has played an important role in providing medical support to the troops . the troops have worked hard to rescue the poor people . one of them was the residents of yun - ze .
this morning , the ministry of public security gave the guangdong frontier defense corps hospital a collective award of strength for the second anniversary of the founding of the cpc and the great deeds of supporting the government and cherishing the people in shenzhen .
the guangdong frontier defense corps hospital used the construction of social harmony as its construction , successively visited the buji , zenghua , and qionghua in shenzhen . three pingtan hospitals , which specializes in dealing with migrant workers , and the medical personnel from other places only needed one money for the medical consultation , and the fees for the inspection may be reduced by one yuan .
the hospital has specially equipped a vehicle for service , and has received the medical treatment of migrant workers free of charge and introduced the health service for migrant workers . the department only needs to + touch seven yuan per month to enjoy 12 medical check and support for medical examination .
this measure is beneficial to the people and has benefited more than 12,000 farmers .
from the menghe hospital , the hospital also launched a large - scale demonstration of the traditional chinese medicine by loud lamps , which led to the implementation of the " three rural medical treatments " by the medical and healthcare section of the tibetan medical and healthcare department in qinghai province , jiangxi , yunnan , etc. , by giving them a light medical check , the patient was able to see the neatly 3,000 patients .
the armed police force will replace the 07 - style clothes with a new model on 1 august .
the first batch of the " falungong " diary was formed by the armed police force .
today , this reporter learned from the 7 - style clothing issuance ceremony and the picking up activities of the armed police force that the 07 - style clothing with a total of gifts were used in the name of chang chun - meng , and the four large ones of the mock motors , symbolizing the traditional friendship between the armed police force and the chang chun - hsiung group .
costume is adjusted from the existing olive green to deep olive green color , sleepless and pair side sewers . the entire design is strong . the overall design is based on the costume model , and the national costume standard is used on the setup of the costume .
female officers and men who worked on helmss or hats , and constant clothes in winter were changed from guan - type to open type , with the waist - type structure in the waist cap , and the hythm design in spring and autumn dress in frequently dress .
the new names of candidates for the national defense army shall be upgraded to form a blue ribbon for defense service , and a new hat symbol and shaped chest , the shoulders and the badges of the armor , thus enhancing the sense of beauty in identification .
the armed police 's 07 - style clothes will be changed for three years .
on august 1 , 2007 , the company of the army as a cadre and the army delegation of the army , the army delegation , formed by the army , jointly held discussions with cadres of various circles and local troops in beijing on the new spring and autumn camps and the permanent secretary for troops of the pla .
in may , he was replaced by a new cadre of other troops . he often came to the front of the army troops .
in october , the balls were filled with winter clothes .
in december 2009 , the new winter clothes for soldiers .
as a training and promotion , the work was carried out gradually in the same period .
the base of the second artillery corps was small , remote , and directly educated .
the first large - scale demonstration of the " falungong " by xu bingjian , a cadre of the pla 's lianyuan directly - administered units , which had little resources but little influence , will become history at a certain base of the second artillery corps .
the reporter recently learned that after half a year of experiments , the base has issued the " implementation outline of ideological and political education " to cover all small , scattered , remote , and directly administered units on the base , and has formally started operation .
and make new contributions to promoting the effective implementation of the " outline of ideological and political education " . at the beginning of this year , the base organized forces to conduct in - depth investigation and study , and various impact and constraining personnel of educational time , which were short of results . the new model of education in the cooperative area of units scattered in remote and remote directly administered units was initially formed .
the concrete practice of the cooperative zone is to break down the demarcation line between the unit and the unit and designate a unit at the brigade level in the relatively concentrated remote division of the unit to make unified plans for the thematic education . the units that are different subordinate to the unit have conducted discussions on the subject through the channels of the exercise or the observation system .
using a method of combining with competition to promote cadres , we should reorganize the educational forces in a unified way , use the educational hardware and hardware in the district , share the experience in educational data and exchange the experience of the whole division , and organize regular reports on the officers and men in the district to exchange their study experience .
each co - operation zone has a number of educational institutions and educational information gathering personnel .
on this basis , the various cooperative regions have also established a system for tackling difficult problems through education and joint discussions on matters of ideological importance .
zhang shengmin , director of the base 's political department , told this reporter that the establishment of a political education coordination zone has not only reduced the waste of educational resources but also deepened the results of education .
some political bars fear the loss of officers and men of units outside the military , take the initiative to study new knowledge and explore new methods of education .
officers and men who receive education also actively educate themselves , fearing that they may be unable to tell or analyze the situations in front of the officers and men of neighboring units when discussing and analyzing the situation .
in this way , the enthusiasm of the troops and the troops was effectively aroused .
a certain detachment of the north china sea fleet sent its troops to taiwan .
the first large - scale demonstration of the advanced nature of the communist army of china in the northern fleet of taiwan , led by zhang weiliang , deputy chief engineer of the general unit of the north china sea fleet , happily set foot on the beidaihe train for a long time .
the sixth class of noncom senior luo xiangming told this writer with pleasure : the leadership of the brigade concerned and loved the soldiers . after he came back , we must work hard !
organizing grass - roots soldiers to go to this brigade for the first time .
not long ago , he yuheng went down to the grass - roots level to see some soldiers who worked in touch braving the wind to carry out maintenance work , which greatly moved yao qingsheng .
soldiers of mine - shaking soldiers should care for their soldiers and be responsible for the health of soldiers at the party committee , and yao qingsheng 's words were endorsed by everyone .
after studying the speech , the party committee made a decision to assign all the quota for the brigade to the soldiers working on the line .
the work of a unit under the military region has been conducted openly .
jiefangjun bao
wang weiqin , a special envoy of the chinese people 's liberation army [ pla ] , visited a unit of the jinan military region on 25 july . he said : a piece of written notes on the appointment of cadres in the armed forces and the appointment of cadres in the armed forces , including the promotion of cadres in the rank of noncom , which were printed in a show window .
according to the briefing by political commissar su chengsen , this is a major measure adopted by the ministry to promote the system of opening government affairs to the public .
in addition , the party committee of this unit has drawn up the " regulations on two - way supervision of grass - roots offices " and other measures for strengthening the building of party style and clean government . " the " notice on sensitive issues " has urged all units to follow the standards for handling affairs in two - way , including the criteria for examining the party style and the results of the work in a bilateral manner .
the troops set up a notice ballot in the balls , and opened a window on the balls to collect opinions and suggestions from the people .
at the beginning of the year , the construction of renovation and renovation of the dormitory building of fighters started , the party committee organs extensively solicited the opinions of officers and men , and then released the information of tender invitation and open tenders .
it has saved money and won support from officers and men .
the work of handling affairs in an open and fair manner has led to the formation of a good atmosphere at the grass - roots level .
in this unit , the grassroots company is a large and sensitive issue , or a little vacation for individual people .
( international ) study shows that the shock of houses is related to two types of genes
xinhua news agency , london , july 2 - iceland scientists discovered through research that the incidence of the problems of the houses of people in the armed forces of two types was far higher than ordinary people .
according to the latest issue of " nature " magazine , the number of people from the company in the faculty of the differentiated code of genes in iceland , the department of england in sweden , and several thousand people in hong kong , china , were screened for the above discovery .
the two types of genes and heart tissues found in the early days of the scientists ' discovery are close to the important position of a gene .
the house was shaky by the shock of the bedroom , and it was one of the most popular things that led to the sudden appearance of the breath and the rapid reaction of the mock .
according to the " natural genetic " magazine published on 1 july , the draft resolution on the issue of the candidates ' biology company , a research personnel of the company , also found the genetic sequel that was related to the chromosome of the previous prototypes , which played a certain role in more than one third of the cases of chose cancer .
the study also found that one of the genes is to increase the risk of human cancer while also lowering the risk of diabetes .
us old man to be named keller 's cup likely to retire
xinhua news agency , marathon , july 3 ( reporter liu jian )
according to reports by the venezuelan media on 3 april , the 37 - year - old veteran goalkeeper said in an interview here that if the united states could not find the appropriate club effect after the american cup , he would choose to retire .
if the us cup finals finish , it will be four to six weeks , i still cannot get a high - level team one to two + tangible contracts , and the retirement may be my good choice .
with the arrival of the goekekgoh team into germany , keler also left the team with more than two teams that can serve himself .
although keler had to accept his hand , he still needed to marry the government departments , he was not worried . he himself , he himself , now there are as many as eight teams , intending to invite him .
however , this former senior official of the west group and the german veteran .
at the recent gold cup matches , keler played a very outstanding role and helped the team win the championship .
the event will be held in the united states from may 1 to may 2 .
the next match against the colombian team is very likely to be the team and keler who won the last match of the american cup .
china , un to strengthen cooperation on human rights beijing , august 26
xinhua news agency report of july in quebec - according to a report by canada 's " global post " , after eight years of effort , the black berries of canada 's + business company ( + lan ) , which finally obtained approval for the china market , will be listed in china at the end of august .
the chief executive of the yin emperor , masri ballmley , said that he will visit shanghai and other major cities in china , beijing , shanghai , guangzhou , etc. , and offer services for black strawberry phone service to commercial clients .
the global post quoted legends of the beijing office .
borrell said that last week , the company , ihyon cell phone , has attracted more and more attention to smart cell phones . as an ihyoe rival , black strawberry cell phone has now been sold in more than 100 countries around the world .
according to statistics , in the first quarter of this year , newly added mobile phones from xinghe town reached 1.2 - million , and the total number of users has reached 990 .
spanish , spanish husband blamed for death of wife
xinhua news agency , july 7 , duke , a spanish woman hit by monger in the battle , she dragged a thick mask , and found that the hikers were her own husband , and the police had arrested him .
according to reports by local media on the 6th , the woman was killed in a bundle shop in valencia .
one day , a man from a masked shop , thought she was a bandit and told him to see the money in the drawer .
but the man did not take money but was pinching the neck of the woman , thinking about her .
she wanted to use the method of killing to go to the port , but the man did not put her , or kick her neck .
during the fighting , the woman pulled down the facade , but discovered the person who was actually her husband .
the assailant has been arrested by the police .
the victim told the media that due to lack of feelings , she and her husband were going through the divorce procedure . they had two children .
13 pilots resign , the dongfang wuhan company resigned and demanded more than 100 million yuan in compensation .
xinhua news agency , july 11 , wuhan ( reporter liu yang )
the 13 pilots submitted their resignation , and the family of zhudong airlines , china eastern airlines , wuhan limited , opened a huge compensation bill of 105 - million yuan , which is the largest labor dispute case in hubei province so far .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee is currently trying the case .
in may this year , 13 pilots of the eastern airlines wuhan company successively announced their resignation and were rejected by the company .
the pilot then entered the labor dispute mediation committee in hubei province in early june to apply for a labor arbitration application , requesting the ruling to terminate the labor relations with the eastern airlines wuhan company .
the china eastern airlines ' wuhan company notified the authorities that the authorities should lodge a counterappeal , asking 13 pilots to pay for the losses caused by the suspension of labor contracts by the signing of contracts by the two pilots , and the loss was over 6 million yuan , totaling more than 10 million yuan , to 150 million yuan , between nt $ 150 million .
it is understood that the pilots signed with eastern airlines a labor contract with no fixed term . besides the suspension conditions in the labor contracts or the conditions for dissolution , the labor contract will continue to apply to the legal retirement age of the pilot .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee made an appeal against the case and handled the case by facie a . it is expected that the case will be concluded on 8 august .
germany calls for russia to pass treaty on border
xinhua news agency , riga , july 12th , by reporter dehong yang [ name as transliterated ] , visiting german foreign minister steinmeier on the 12th called on the russian side to pass the laotian - russian border treaty as soon as possible .
steinmeier had a meeting with foreign minister paw .
at the news conference held after the talks , steinmeier called on the russian side to pass the latvian - russian border treaty as soon as possible .
steinmeier said that the entire area and the country of russia improving relations have relatively slow . pulling the russian border treaty into the signing process of the treaty .
on 27 march this year , after 10 years of negotiations , the prime minister , karl vides dzis , and the russian prime minister , kurov , signed the border treaty in moscow .
on 17 may , the rap passed the latvian - russian border treaty .
according to the report by the yinchuan media , the russian parliament will vote on the treaty in the near future .
dprk , rok to hold six nuclear - weapon talks
pyongyang , july 16 ( xinhua ) the united states and japan have agreed to strengthen cooperation in the fields of energy , energy , and environmental protection
the military representatives of the dprk and the rok held military talks in kuchon on on 16 august . the two sides agreed to hold the sixth ministerial meeting between the 24th and 26th .
according to reports by the yinchuan news agency , the military representative of the dprk , park lin zhu , suggested that the yanping island in the western waters of the dprk be set up between the yanping island and the baitan island , and explained in detail the reason for this .
he said : setting up a common residential area must implement the policy of seeking the greatest common prosperity and common interests of the nation and safeguarding peace and stability , and so on .
in his speech , park longzhu said that the boundary line between the two sides existed between the two sides . he said : to prevent military conflicts in the western region , the two sides should give up their respective maritime boundary line , acknowledge and respect the consular , and send to the agreement on the korean border and the universally - recognized legal basis the korean law .
he said that the timely formulation of military support measures to promote the dprk - rok cooperation and exchanges is a stand upheld by the dprk military .
he said : the rok side should take military measures to ensure the dprk 's civilian vessels can get their ships directly from haizhou port and from the south to the jizhou strait free passage .
this is another important meeting between the dprk and the rok following the second military talks held recently between the dprk and the rok .
the fifth friendship negotiation between the dprk and rok was held in panmunjon on 8-11 may . the draft cabinet was formed by the parties of the democratic people 's republic of korea [ dprk ] .
( international ) hyundai denied its intention to purchase wolfowitz
xinhua news agency , seoul , july 18 - a spokesman for hyundai motor said in seoul on the 18th that it had no intention to purchase any brand of wolowevo or the company 's hydrochloramol automobile company .
the sunday times times and the new york times recently both reported the movement of arms sales to volvo .
the sunday times times reported more about the news that the modern automotive company of korea is a potential arm of wolfowitz .
hyundai 's spokesperson said that we may not see the chance of purchasing volvo or lufeng hu . hythmia is busy implementing its own expansion plan . it is simply too busy to discuss him .
in 1999 , he moved to taiwan from sweden 's wolivo group to $ 450 - million .
at present , wolo and lu ' jibao are all subordinate to the chief automobile group ( + shixin ) .
in march this year , the number of companies running in the red increased by 84-0 , with the number of companies operating under the flag of the yin + xing group , and last month , it again indicated that it was considering selling lubao and krtc .
( sports ) cuban boxing rope too short
xinhua news agency , rio de janeiro , july 21 ( reporters chen weihua and hou tong )
on 21 march , the cuban delegation invited the pan mei sports meet to attack taiwan . the rope was too short , which would affect the performance of the boxing team .
according to the rules of the international fist federation , the rope that hit the taiwan at the international competition should be 6.1 meters , but according to the cuban delegation 's boxing team coach pedro roque , the rope in the pan american games was shorter than one meter in the standard for the attacking taiwan at the boxing stage .
roke said that he had presented a formal protest because this was a case not an issue affecting a country of cuba but a matter involving all people .
the rope will affect the sparking of the fists .
he also said : " if the " private economy " cannot find a solution that meets the olympic standards , it can go to another place to find the rope .
you know , we have come from cuba .
the mexican and colombian delegations also held a press conference on the same day .
the columbian boxing gio de - liberus , although it won the first battle , he said that although i am running the first match , the taiwan beat is too narrow , and i really feel that it was not for me to think that it was not for me to go to the + hang .
the dabbling rabbit exports to overseas areas
xinhua news agency , july 24 , shanghai ( by xu shousong and yu lihong ) - reporters learned from guansheng garden ( group ) company , ltd. that the once - in - shanghai port , the daba rabbit , has recently resumed its export , and many overseas chinese also demanded orders for the purchase of the products .
the guansheng garden was built by leng qingrong , a company in singapore , by a few days ago , by the guanzheng garden group , because the agricultural grain and the + agriculture grain bureau , the + xingyu group , and the dabukela dma bureau of singapore , checked the results of the tests for the dabletic rabbit rabbit dullah in singapore , which did not contain formaldehyde , could be sold in
the malaysian delegation led by the kuangsheng garden company said that it demanded that the guansheng garden immediately send one large rabbit sugar from shanghai to malaysia .
the crown garden of the wufeng trading company limited also sent a telegram to the kangsheng garden saying that the hong kong center for food safety took samples of the rabbit milk sugar in hong kong . after testing , it was confirmed that there was no formaldehyde .
the wufeng trade company limited has received notification from the hong kong chinese resources corporation that it decided to resume sales of rabbit milk sugar in hong kong with more than 100 varieties of sale .
it is understood that the one - time pass pass for the 10 bungau port in shanghai has gradually resumed its export .
at present , seven containers are rabbit milk sugar being sent to singapore 's cumbrum rumba , nepal , and other countries .
us manufacturing industry in britain threatened to kill british police
london , july 26 ( xinhua ) british police announced on july 26 that british spouses may purchase some bomb threat from the british " er " bomb on july 26 th , and arrested the klimero , kristol , in kaisto county , lankton on july 23 .
police said that this person called " emperor " mike , 51 , who is unemployed , he will be punished by blackmail and fabric bomb .
on 14 july , britain 's 14 national + xiaoke bought some house for sale due to a bomb threat , which was urgently shut down by the police , before the business resumed on the next day .
masao is the first person in britain to buy the house . at that time , 14 banks closed the british largest thump sum .
the british police later refuted the bomb threat and arrested the two men in the incident .
( sports ) change the peanut period due to beijing olympic games fault
beijing , july 28 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will continue to work hard to promote the movement of the moisture in beijing in august next year when the olympic games will be held next year .
the chinese government will also make efforts to find a new platform for the olympic games through technical means such as changing the flowers .
the third ministerial meeting of the olympic games in beijing on 28 august , the outstanding varieties of the olympic torch and the application of the applied application project , came to a conclusion at the meeting . the experts assessed and assessed the conclusion that using the method of promoting control and pumping new technology or varieties of different nature , or the varieties of different types of species , in the same period of the summer , and the best results of the august beijing olympics .
in beijing 's summer , it is usually difficult to see more than 10 popular varieties of grapes either gradually withered or far from being able to get a coach in the coke .
after hard work , scientific researchers have chosen the 206 varieties of the varieties of the summer olympic torch .
in the first two days of the olympic games held in the haiding park in beijing , the exhibition showed the pictures about the first anniversary of the opening and fall of the beijing olympic games . a group of artificial palm which was carefully cultivated by scientific researchers , which could not be able to nature in august , would be welcomed by the traditional flowers .
turkey 's ruling party wins parliamentary election
xinhua news agency , july 30th , by reporter jian wang , the supreme election committee in turkey announced on july 30th the final result of the 23 rd parliamentary election . the ruling justice and development party won 341 seats of the 55seats , and once again obtained the right of the party to go through the groups .
at the parliamentary election held on 22 july , the main opposition republican party won seats .
the national action party won 71 seats in the election .
in addition to the three political parties mentioned above , 26 parliamentarians were elected .
turkey 's new parliament will vote in august for the first time .
members will then be sworn in and begin to perform their duties .
the parliament will pass the unpopular voting method to elect a new parliament speaker .
the turkish parliament election was originally scheduled to be held in november , but due to opposition parties ' obstruction of the only candidate , the justice and development party 's vice - foreign minister , gul , in the presidential election in late april , the presidential election was defeated ahead of schedule .
