india ’ s and japan ’ s prime ministers met in tokyo .
india ’ s new prime minister narendra modi , on his first major foreign visit since his election victory in may , meets his japanese counterpart shinzo abe in toko to discuss economic and security relations .
mr modi is on a five-day trip to japan to consolidate economic relations with the world &apos;s third largest economy .
plans for stronger nuclear cooperation are high on the agenda .
india is also reportedly hoping for a treaty between the two nations on defence cooperation .
karratha police arrested 20 years after a fast motorcycle hunt
a motorcycle was confiscated after the driver had driven it at 125 km / h in a 70 km / h zone and through bushland to escape the police in bilbara .
traffic policemen in karratha tried this morning to stop a blue motorcycle after they had watched it as a gas station on the othdate road with 125 km / h .
the police reported that the driver then ignored the stops and continued on burgess road before bog to the bushland , where the officials lost it out of sight .
the motorcycle and a person who was in line with the description of the driver were later seen at a house in the walcott way in bulgaria .
karratha police accused a 20-year-old man of not keeping a stop signal and ruthless driving .
he is due to appear before the karratha district court on 23 september .
the motorcycle was seized and confiscated for three months .
george webster accused of hotel rape in naim and pitlochry .
a man is on trial for the rape of women in two hotels .
george webster , 28 , was prosecuted at a hearing of the supreme court in glasgow .
he is accused of raping a woman at the scotland &apos;s hotel in pitlochry in perthshire on 7 june 2013 .
the indictment is that webster attacked them while they were &quot; unconscious , slept , and could not signal consent . &quot;
webster is also accused of raping a second woman at the golf view hotel in naim in the highlands of scotland on 4 may 2014 .
judge lady rae set the date for the hearing of 17 november at the supreme court in edinburgh .
remembering the very american ideal of labour rights as human rights
congressional keith ellison and john lewis have submitted a legislative proposal to establish the organisation of trade unions as a civil law .
&quot; just as trade unions die , so do the middle-class jobs , &quot; ellison said , a minnesota democrat and deputy chairman of the congress of caucus .
i am therefore proud to present the staff authorisation act together with the civil rights sikone john lewis .
this ground-breaking law gives workers the same legal opportunities in the case of discrimination on the grounds of the organisation of trade unions as in other forms of discrimination - and thus stops anti-trade unionist forces .
the addition of the national labour law act to create a possibility for discriminated workers to organise trade union representation to complain to a civil court for justice - and to obtain compensation or criminal penalties needed - is to be given .
but it is certainly not a radical initiative - at least not by american standards .
indeed , the best way to understand what ellison , lewis , and other sponsors propose to your bill is to link it back to a very american idea .
despite the setbacks that unions have suffered in recent years - in wisconsin , michigan , and other countries across the country - americans once encouraged countries around the world to uphold labor rights .
there was a time when millions of americans remembered when this country called democracy , freedom of speech , freedom of the press and the right of association in one breath .
when the united states occupied japan after world war ii , general douglas mac arthur and his staff encouraged the country to adopt a constitution that was designed to ensure that militarized tocracy would replace tocracy .
knowing full that the workers and their unions were playing a role in creating a new japan , they used a language that explicitly acknowledged that &quot; the rights of workers to be united and to negotiate and act together are guaranteed . &quot;
when the united states occupied germany after world war ii , general dwight david eisenhower and his staff urged the germans to write a constitution that would ensure that strong fascism replaced adolf hitler .
recognising the fact that the workers should organize , and speak out in the new nation , the germans included a clause that explicitly stated : &quot; the right to establish trade associations , to establish economic conditions , to each and every employee .
agreements that restrict or aim to restrict this right are null and void ; measures aimed at it are illegal .
when the former first lady eleanor roosevelt presided over the international human rights commission , which drafted the universal declaration of human rights , &quot; which was incorporated into it in 1948 by the united nations as a global agreement .
for generations , americans have accepted the basic premise that labor rights are human rights .
when this country told other countries how to form civil and democratic societies , americans said that the right to create a trade union - and that this trade union should then be allowed to participate in collective bargaining as an equal partner - was allowed .
after these rights were under attack in america , it is indeed very wise to reconsider the american ideal that the working population must have the right to unite and to make itself heard in a free and open society .
fifty years ago , as pastor martin luther king jr. said :
history is a great teacher .
now everyone knows that the workers ’ movement did not limit the nation ’ s strength , but increased it .
by raising the standard of living of millions of people , work miraculously created a market for industry and raised the entire nation to unimaginable levels of production .
those who attack the work forget these simple truths , but history keeps them .
history remembers itself , and we should do so .
formal recognition of labour rights as human rights - and the extension of the protection of civil rights as a protection against discrimination in the creation of employee representatives - is long overdue .
keith ellison and john lewis renew the ideals that america has built up in the past and delivered the promise of democracy .
judge temporarily stops the law that could force all abortion clinics in louisiana to close .
a us federal judge suspended the implementation of a law in louisiana on sunday , which lawyers say that it would probably have closed all five abortion hospitals in the state .
this measure , which was imposed by bobby jindal , governor of louisiana , in june to enter into law and enter into force on 1 september , would force doctors who carry out abortions within a hospital to take .
however , the judge &apos;s decision means that doctors can continue to conduct abortions legally for the time being while they are requesting such a right .
&quot; the plaintiffs can continue to work in accordance with the law while trying to obtain these rights , &quot; wrote federal judge john degravelles in his judgment .
within a month , a hearing will be set up for the judge to bring about a more lasting decision on the law .
pro-abortion welcomed the decision to take the youngest in a series of judgments against similar measures , saying that doctors gave so much time to gain hospital admission rights .
&quot; today &apos;s decision means that women in louisiana have escaped a wicked law that wants to take their health and rights away from them , &quot; said nancy northup , president and head of the center for reproductive rights .
it was not immediately clear whether the judgment also covered the doctors from the two clinics who had not joined the complaint and had also applied for permission to appoint them .
louisiana is one of 11 states that have enacted similar laws , with courts recently declaring such measures in alabama and mississippi unconstitutional .
key legal positions in texas , which would have forced most of the remaining clinics to close , were stopped by a federal judge on friday .
pro-abortion advocates and the american college of ostretricians and gynecologists , as well as the american medical association , agree that the right of doctors to receive medical advice requires unnecessary restrictions .
opponents of abortion oppose the fact that the measures are designed to protect women &apos;s health , although some have also welcomed the effects of closing hospitals .
only a doctor carrying out abortion in louisiana has patients &apos; rights to enter the hospital , informed the centre for reproduction rights .
if all other doctors in the state are forced to stop carrying out abortions , this doctor would not carry out the operation , the group said , for fear of his safety .
in arguing against the verdict , representatives of the louisiana state said that they would not punish doctors for carrying out abortions , while their applications for patients &apos; infiltration rights would still be pending .
delayed diagnosis and lack of access to the best treatment methods lead to higher death rates from ovarian cancer in rural areas .
angelina jolie and her brother james have put a video homage online for their mother who died of egg cancer in 2007 .
women in australia ’ s rural areas face a greater risk of dying of ovarian cancer than women in cities .
researchers analysed the medical data of more than 1100 australians , who found that in 2005 ovarian cancer was detected , and found that only 25 % were still alive five years after diagnosis .
research director susan jordan of the qimr berghofer medical research institute said that for those living in rural and remote regions of the state , the risk of mortality was 20 % higher during the study .
small study : new drugs could slow lung and ovarian cancer
researchers investigated the medical care of women for seven years .
dr jordan said that the age of a woman in diagnosis , the type of ovarian cancer , existing pre-diseases and social and economic status also impacted survival chances .
for older women and those whose cancer was already more advanced at diagnosis , the survival rate was the lowest .
for those who lived in rural and remote regions of the state , the risk of mortality was 20 % higher than for those in urban areas .
although the study failed to study why women living outside the city were more likely to die of ovarian cancer , jordan suspects that diagnosis was delayed and that there was no access to the best treatment centres .
&quot; this disease is best treated by gynaecological oncologists , and these are mostly found in larger cities , &quot; she said .
despite the improvement of telemedicine services to counter distances , it proposed , as a possible remedy , an increase in the service of doctors flown to allow specialists to provide women with care locally outside their own region .
dr jordan said that , regardless of geographical status , the study showed a poor long-term survival rate among women in the ovarian cancer , and underlined the need for better treatment and prevention strategies .
the study funded by rio tinto ride to conquer cancer is published today in the medical journal of australia .
in march 2013 , elisha neave , a young mother of 33 years from the gold coast , learned that she had an aggressive form of ovarian cancer .
garden centres regret falling house numbers
the decline , together with a greater decrease in the number of homeowners under 35 , could result in garden centres losing tens of thousands of pounds per year when today &apos;s young consumers reach a study by the hta , as reported in the financial .
the report states that tenants spend an average of 55 % of the amount that people spend on their garden with their own homes .
the increase in people living in highly urbanized areas without gardens , the popular method of asphalting pregardens for parking , and the declining garden size are transposed into £ 5 per year , as well as £ 5 per year .
in the greater london area , where the share of homeowners has fallen from 61 % to 43 % over a period of six years , the lowest expenditure on garden products per household is reported .
the hta and the royal horticultural society point out that housing for rent or small gardens does not mean that people cannot plant .
guy barter , chief garden adviser for the rhs said : &apos; container gardeners are very popular with tenants , for example , because they can take their plants with them when moving &apos; .
the hta report identified the period 1997 to 2005 as the &quot; golden age &quot; of garden retail , owing to rising homeowners and economic prosperity from the late 1980s to the mid-1990s .
he also forecast an improved market situation this year , because of the weather conditions in march and april last year .
the protest movement in pakistan , led by opposition politician imran khan and the religious tahirul qadri , continues .
in the capital islamabad , about 1000 demonstrators have stormed the state television channel ptv .
information minister pervaiz rashid said that soldiers could have pushed the protesters out of ptv buildings again .
the transmitter set up its operation for about 40 minutes , but is now sending back .
at the same time , around 3000 demonstrators tried to get to the residence of prime minister nawaz sharif .
about a kilometre away they supplied themselves with poles and stones equipped clashes with security forces .
the police used teargas .
the demonstrators demanded sharif &apos;s resignation , but he refuses .
the country &apos;s army , meanwhile , is calling for a political solution to the conflict , &apos; waste no time and use without violence &apos; .
after a meeting at the headquarters on sunday evening , the military announced that it would &apos; maintain its role of an obligation to ensure the security of the state &apos; .
the military plays an important role in pakistan and has already been more frequent coups .
opposition politician imran khan accuses premier sharif of having cheated at last may &apos;s parliamentary election .
the protests were escalated at the weekend , after khan and qadri called on their followers to enter sharif ’ s residence .
three people had been killed .
turkey orders us diplomats for spying
the turkish foreign ministry has ordered the country ’ s most senior us diplomats to report on american and british espionage in turkey .
vice-president bülent said that the us embassy &apos;s businessman and turkish officials had discussed the report on monday .
the german magazine der spiegel and the online magazine the intercept reported that the former us analyst of the national security agency , edward snowden , was a major us activity for turkey .
according to turkish news agencies , turkish president recep tayyip erdogan played down the importance of the report and said that all the major countries were spying each other out .
a previous report , which also targeted germany ’ s most important intelligence service , caused much more angry reaction from the turkish government .
warning strike : train drivers are threatened with consequences for commuters
the national warning strike of the train drivers on monday evening could also affect passenger traffic in nrw .
the interruption announced for 18 to 21 o &apos;clock is covered nationwide by all transport companies , including long-distance , regional and s-bahn transport ,
the main thrust of the warning strike is freight transport .
photo : a. burgi / archive
said the district chairman of the german locomotive association ( gdl ) , sven schmitt , in düsseldorf .
we expect significant failures .
there are no regional priorities .
the main thrust of the warning strike is freight transport .
the german railway in nrw announced that it would do everything possible to minimise the impact .
however , the gdl did not say where it wanted to strike , so it is difficult to predict the consequences in concrete terms .
magaluf police chief accused of corruption
the prosecutors presented on friday the office of the majorca public prosecutor evidence of blackmail by police and employees of the city of calvià .
the head of the calvià police on the holiday island of mallorca was arrested following charges of corruption by businessmen and bar owners in the notorious binge drinking-hotspot magaluf .
chief commissioner josé antonio navarro was arrested in magaluf following allegations of corruption against him by several businessmen from punta ballena , the street where most bars and nightclubs are being held .
according to the mallorca diario online newspaper , the prosecutors presented on friday evidence of blackmail by the police and employees of the city of calvià to the office of the prosecutor for corruption control of mallorca .
two other local police were arrested by the spanish civil guard in connection with the allegations of corruption and are being consulted by a judge together with navarro .
the spanish national daily abc reported that the angry nightclub owners stated that the authorities &apos; nepotism has a serious impact on their business .
&quot; it &apos;s no longer a question of money-making , it &apos;s a question of survival , &quot; one of the businessmen said to the court .
let our livelihood be put out of the game .
we have nothing to lose .
magaluf made international headlines this summer due to a viral youtube video showing an 18-year-old british tourist who had been doing fellatio on 24 men during a sweep .
the island authorities have since tried to stop the illegal behaviour of alcoholic holidaymakers in magaluf by minimising the number of participants in the notorious alcoholic beverages .
the playhouse club , where the fellatio incident took place , was forced to close for a year , while playhouse and the kneipentour-organizer carnage together pay a penalty of $ 5,000 .
magaluf , a tourist destination popular with young british holidaymakers , is also known for many accidents involving alcohol , including the trend of &quot; balconing &quot; by people in a balcony .
the first day of spring with wet and stormy weather conditions affects flights from adelaide airport .
spring has given south australia a winter surprise , with strong showers and strong wind , which affected flights from adelaide airport .
the night before 9 pm , another 5mm rain fell on the city , after 6.6mm , which had already sunk in the night .
the last rainfall was the result of a series of short stormy showers , including a cast that began shortly before 8 p.m. and caused almost 4mm rainfall in about 10 minutes .
after last week ’ s winter caused an early dose of spring , the city ’ s temperatures fell to a maximum of only 15.8 ° c on monday .
the bad weather conditions probably led to the delayed landing of a flight from virgin airlines from melbourne to adelaide .
the plane was due to land shortly after 7.30 p.m. , but was hit by a wind blowing - a sudden change in the wind speed or direction over a short distance - and had to start through .
wind blows reached about 50 km / h on the ground at adelaide airport .
the flight data showed that the plane had to start even on a second landing flight and finally set up around 8.40 p.m.
the delay in flights resulted in some other flights being delayed , including an emirates flight from dubai and a quantas flight from sydney .
for adelaide a maximum temperature of 16 ° c is predicted on tuesday , with possible showers .
matthias says : high time for big networking .
with the galloping technical progress that threatens to transform our cozy home into high-tech control centers , our columnist bernd matthias is comforting with a highly electronic touch .
as i write this here , my view falls on the spiral cable that connects the listener to the phone , and i think : boah , how retro is that ?
but there is one reasoning behind it : if the cable were not , all the listeners would fly around in the house in a very short time , and that would be even more retro .
anyway , is it true on the celtronic ( eclectic ?
no , typos : electronic ) sector the rule that the world novelty of today is the electric scrap of tomorrow , bought - outdated .
and those who still have a tv set in the living room today , for example , are simply saying that they are against television in principle .
why are these considerations so important ?
because the push by ifa on the radio tower this week again shows us our absolute incompetence in electronics matters .
the layman , who used to be blindly the washing machine and cd player , does not even understand today the purpose of the devices that are spread with unfathomably ephemeral expert press before him : &quot; arabs home .
yes , is it still possible ?
what should i talk about to people who seem to be voluntarily spreading such quark ?
after all , for about 20 years , the main issue here has been to make our house networked .
so that the yoghurt can order itself so that the fire alarm tells us during the holiday on the maldives that it burns in the working room degree .
and wouldn &apos;t it be wonderful if we were to get the air conditioning from the office to our arrival soon ... ?
yes , but this requires air conditioning .
but a dream will come true soon : we raise our watch , say it , suck ! and the vacuum robot starts at home .
it is wrong .
everything runs out of nothing less than a revolution : &quot; the borders between white and brown goods blur , &quot; a sector expert , you can link the washing machine with a headphone , you don &apos;t need it .
we also know from daily practice that if a new device is really needed urgently , the battery is guaranteed to be empty .
another reason for this is that the spiral cable on the phone will survive the next radio exhibitions .
israeli children are returning to their schools after the gaza war
thousands of israeli children from the areas near gaza returned to schools on monday after they had spent the summer in airspace , while missile and mortar strikes were recovering in the region .
the school started gave communities in southern israel a sense of joy and expectation drawn by missile launches , but the signs of fighting are still fresh .
in the southern city of ashdod , the pashhosh children &apos;s garden , hit by a rocket , was located before the pupils arrived in granatsplitters from the walls and sliding lights .
&quot; we are a bit afraid , but are excited , &quot; said ronit bart , a resident of kibbutz saad and an english teacher .
many children from our region urgently need a return to a routine .
her 11-year-old daughter shani bart said that she felt a bit comical about going back to school .
&quot; these were difficult times , and we did not leave the house at all , &quot; she said .
president reuven rivlin visited the kibbutz near the gaza border to offer his support .
until a ceasefire broke off last week &apos;s war , thousands of border communities like saad left their homes to move further away from gaza and go to the rocket in safer areas .
many of the inhabitants of nahal oz , a community near the gaza border , where a four-year-old boy was killed by a palestinian murderer , are still hesitating to return .
the ministry of education announced that a dozen or so families had not returned .
their children have been temporarily accommodated in other schools .
prime minister benjamin netanyahu attended a school in sderot , a border town to gaza that is severely marked by palestinian fire .
he appealed to the children to learn a lot and said , &apos; we will make sure that they acquire knowledge and provide you with security &apos; .
israel and hamas agreed on an uninterrupted ceasefire last tuesday .
the ceasefire brought about an immediate end to the fighting , but important issues remain unresolved , such as hamas ’ s demand for the israel-egypt blockade of gaza and the reopening of air and sea ports .
israel is calling for hamas to be disarmed and for the bodies of two israeli soldiers killed in the fighting to be handed over .
a new round of indirect talks is expected to begin in egypt this month .
more than 2,100 palestinians were killed during the war , three-quarters of them civilians , and at least 494 children , according to estimates by the palestinians and the un .
israel denies these data and estimates that at least half of the people killed are fighters , but did not provide concrete evidence of this information .
on the israeli side , 66 soldiers and six civilians , including one thai worker , were killed .
hamas and other gaza fighters fired 4,591 missiles and mortar shells during fighting on israeli cities , most of them in the south of the country .
meanwhile , the israeli military carried out more than 5,000 air and other attacks .
the israeli attacks damaged or destroyed thousands of houses in the gaza area , and some 250,000 people sought refuge in more than 100 un schools , converted into temporary shelters .
while tens of thousands of people continue to live in the refuges and the fighting continues , the educational authorities postponed the start of the school year last week .
&quot; i hope the school is soon reopened so that we can continue learning , as children in the world and jewish children , &quot; said mohammad amara , a 13-year-old school who currently lives in zaha .
at saxony &apos;s option : cdu-vize strobl calls npd prohibition procedures into question .
in view of the loss of votes of the npd in saxony , cdu bundesvize thomas strobl has declared itself in favour of an end to the ongoing npd prohibition proceedings before the federal constitutional court .
berlin - according to cdu federal vize thomas strobl , the ongoing prohibition proceedings against the npd should be brought to an end in the federal constitutional court .
&quot; the npd is doing worse than last time , &quot; said strobl , who is also cdu head of state in baden-württemberg , the &quot; leipziger volkszeitung &quot; .
this is a welcome development in the right direction and a development which leads me to believe that the npd is being fought politically rather than before the constitutional court .
the npd had failed quite close to the five-percent-hurdle in sunday ’ s vote .
a first attempt to ban the extreme right had failed in 2003 , because constitutional protection had informers in the npd ’ s head .
in december 2013 , the federal council submitted a new application to karlsruhe after long preparation .
the federal government and the bundestag did not join .
harburg : tents for new refugees
refugees are now being placed in tents in the new area .
the initial reception of refugees in harburg bursts from all seams .
now the interior agency has had three red cross tents set up alongside it .
the district politicians were informed just before the event - they are not very enthusiastic .
&quot; these hauck actions further fuel public reticence and do not give district politicians the opportunity to play a constructive role in the humane accommodation of refugees , &quot; says britta herrmann , chairman of the group .
your party requires that the district administration of harburg provide currently unused houses for accommodation .
96 refugees can be accommodated in the three tents .
the reasons for the overcrowding in the first shot are the rush of those seeking help - and the fact that the authorities cannot provide sufficient places in follow-up facilities .
many refugees therefore remain longer than the regular three months .
the house prices have experienced the strongest winter rise in seven years , showing a widely observed index .
rp data corelogic hedonic home value index for homes in australia &apos;s capital increased by 1.1 percent in august , according to monday &apos;s rp data .
this increase puts the total increase in june , july and august at 4.2 % , the largest increase in the winter months since 2007 .
the annual price rise was 10.9 % , more than twice the increase in the 12 months to august 2013 , but the increases were not evenly distributed across the country .
the research director of rp data , tim lawless , announced that sydney and melbourne are driving a two-tier market .
rp data ’ s figures show that house prices in sydney rose by 16.1 % last year , while in melbourne by 11.7 % .
the following markets are adelaide , brisbane and darwin , where prices rose by 5 % and 6 % on average .
at the other end of the scale , canberra , hit hard by government spending cuts , and where prices rose by only 1.4 % over the year .
mr lawless said that the spring beginning would see an increase in the number of properties on sale in the coming months , which would &apos; test the market &apos; .
&quot; if you look at the consistently high rate of auction prices , a generally fast selling rate , and the consistently low interest rate environment , you are likely to see home prices rising even more in the next three months .
in an opinion to the new press , he contradicts statements by the managing director peer medau and attests to position him as a field lord .
the style of the university is not that , it says in the communication .
the medau family had already been informed verbally of the instigation of the university in mid-june .
the statement that the plans were only announced in july is definitely wrong , &quot; pötzl said .
at the same time , he points out that the plans are not &apos; pretexts or even decisions &apos; , but there are &apos; preferences &apos; .
the extension of the narrow road up to the castle , which is necessary for access , is also less dramatic than feared by the medaus .
there was no mention of a nine metre wide road .
it is currently 5.50 metres wide , one metre wider than before , &quot; explains pötzl .
the medah ’ s argument that their free and soft parking spaces will in future only be used by students of the university of applied sciences does not mean that pötzl will not apply .
the hotel is very close to the city centre and the train station .
the people living near the country are thinking
according to the president of the university , the bergwichtel , which is located on the site and which would lead to the parking deck at the front door , should not be &quot; impaired &quot; .
he would rather point out that &quot; this is not just about the children &apos;s crèche , but also about the residents at the mouth of friedrich-streib street and the 800 pupils of neighbouring real school .
so it is much more than the special interests of mr medau , &quot; pötzl said .
whether the criticism of the parental advisory committee of the children &apos;s crib , with the extension of the road would be justified by &quot; the few natural spots of coburg are lost &quot; , &quot; the reader can decide himself &quot; .
in early october , pötzl and the bamberg state building office will inform the city council &apos;s city councils about the development of the university &apos;s buildings by 2020 &quot; and will address the importance of the new development in this context &quot; .
peer medau informed the parents of the children &apos;s crib about the college &apos;s plans last week .
the new parking deck should not be accessible via campus and friedrich-streibstraße , as it has been before , but via the medal-berg .
this would mean that the narrow road would have to be extended two-lane over a kilometre length .
according to the medau ’ s statements , this would mean that traffic in the park of schloss hohenfels would increase tenfold .
there is talk of about 2000 vehicles a day .
the city has not yet wished to comment on the project .
glangorf resigns from the national handball team .
holger golandorf will no longer play for the dhb team .
the 31-year-old from the bundesligist sg flensburg-handewitt mainly caused health problems for this decision .
i have not been able to make the decision easily , it has been mature for several months .
it is time for me to listen to the signals of my body and finish my career in the national team , &quot; said the world champion of 2007 on his facebook page .
he is therefore taking the international retirement with a balance sheet of 167 country games and 576 goals for germany .
the new bundestrainer dagur sigurd is no longer available for the runner-up player for the champions league winner from flensburg , who wants to go hunting for a few years .
the icelanders , who announced his cadre for the country games against switzerland on tuesday , gave glandorf a &quot; long and good conversation .
i was just as enthusiastic about his ideas and approaches as you will be amazed by my long-time fellow players and my successors .
but i want to be available for my club in the coming years , but it will require longer regeneration breaks , which will not allow the current double load .
the left hand had to fear his career end in 2012 after a heel infection .
he was also a member of the german handball federation ( dhb ) team physicians , who had a cortison injection which caused a strong inflammation .
an emergency operation and two other interventions followed .
glandorf then announced a complaint against the team doctor , and the dispute ended with a comparison .
twelve years of professional and eleven years of national team career do not pass without trace on any body .
i have some health building sites that i can &apos;t ignore anymore .
after the three short intervals of infection-related foot operations in 2012 , i have never got my blood pressure under control .
this includes a number of other wear-related complaints .
already at the beginning of the year i noticed that although i steer my head , i cannot deceive my body , &quot; glandorf explained the magazine &quot; handball time &quot; in the interview .
he would only be ready for a comeback in absolute emergency .
&quot; when all the paces are tearing , i am always ready for discussion , &quot; the double father declared to the magazine .
however , i can count the years in which i can still play handball at a single hand .
i must also say that after my long stay in hospital in 2012 , i also became quite humble in terms of my health .
after my career i would like to be able to go at least to some extent .
in addition to the world cup title 2007 and the win of champions league 2014 , he hosted the ehf cup in 2008 ( hsg nordhorn ) and 2010 ( tbv lemgo ) .
in 2012 he also won the european cup with flensburg .
germany ’ s economy shrank by 0.2 % in the spring
the crises around the world slowed the german economy in the second quarter .
gdp fell by 0.2 % compared to the prior quarter of april until the end of june 2014 .
this was shared by the federal statistical office and confirmed preliminary calculations .
consumption alone revived the economy in the spring , while investment decreased .
foreign trade , too , slowed the economy .
thanks to the strong annual start , the first half of the year will see a gdp increase of 0.8 % over the second half of 2013 .
horstmar was the starting point and the destination of the &quot; münsterland mooiste &quot; , which led the city of burgmannsstadt for the first time on sunday .
the burgmannstadt horstmar experienced an invasion of dutch &quot; fetz driver &quot; on sunday .
the largest cycling association in the netherlands , ntfu , organised the so-called &quot; münsterlande mooiste &quot; .
it is the largest cycle tour across münsterland , the cyclist paradise near the netherlands .
more than 1000 participants thanked jos ter huerne for organising this tour through the münsterland .
the tour was offered in various trade magazines .
we come from the heroes and we went overnight to take part in this tour .
we would like to get to know münsterland in this way too , &quot; cyclists were happy about the route through the circles steinfurt , borken and coesfeld .
after registration at the club house of the schützenbruderschaft sta .
katharina went on a small &quot; peace ride &quot; through the city over the wall , where the start was also made .
the route , which was advertised for three different categories , went towards herrenholz over the schöppinger berg towards coesfeld and via havixbeck and billerbeck back to horstmar .
on routes of 95 kilometres with 1175 metres of altitude , 120 kilometres with 1475 metres of altitude and 145 kilometres with 1775 metres of altitude , cyclists have proven their good condition .
they were taken on the road in havixbeck and billerbeck .
the main organizer jos ter huerne and mayor heinz lölfing were very pleased with the success of this cycling event .
we are satisfied and it was a nice experience for all concerned .
the organization went without any problems and there were no negative incidents , &quot; says heinz lölfing , a positive conclusion of this event .
unfortunately , not as many participants as the organiser had hoped , which was due to the bad weather forecasts and the rain in the morning .
&quot; we will see ourselves again in 2015 in hopefully nice weather on august 30 or during another weekend , &quot; but still promised the cyclists to return to münsterland and the organizers are planning to rerun .
constantine wecker ’ s unscrupulous honest memoirs
it is actually more philosophical evidence than biography , which has brought konstantin wacker , songmaker , pacifist , politsafe activist , ex-prisoner , in &quot; monk and monk .
the munich born on june 1 , 1947 , did not chronologically , but more sweets of thought for thought , writing his memoirs , introducing each chapter with a suitable lyrics .
and he is ruthlessly honest : from onanium as a gymnasiast to shoplifting and drug use , he does not expose human weakness .
also to show how he has learned tolerance in his own way in dealing with his fellow men .
wide space also take abstract , but even more important terms : love , soul , ego , being in the now , spirituality - all that he tries to get to the bottom of it , in a very personal but also very philosophical way .
he also explains his pacifism , his social criticism , his political commitment - and also how he has influenced not only music ( the opera lover became a soul and rock prison musician ) , but also his stay .
the latter has also brought the lebemann konstantin wacker closer to the ascetic monk , which &quot; by subtraction &quot; arises , as he says , &quot; by leaving everything unnecessary &quot; away .
the first is the first , and the second , and the second , is the second , and the second , and the second , and the third , is the second , and the third , and the third , the second , and third .
here , too , he is ruthlessly honest .
lenny henry : my father never took me into the arm .
never said &apos; i love you &apos;
henry was one of seven children of a jamaican immigrant family in dudley in the midlands in 1958 .
his father , who died when henry 19 was working in a factory and her relationship was limited .
henry is trying for a comedy , rudy &apos;s rare records , which is partly based on an imaginary conversation with his father and originated from the series on radio 4 .
the soundtrack is a mixture of reggae and rap , with lively melodies .
but henry had to work through some difficult moments of childhood .
he attended &quot; many &quot; therapies after the death of his mother , and henry is reflective of his relationship with his father .
it was difficult to know him .
one never saw his face , only heard his voice : &quot; stop the crash .
leave your sister in peace .
go ahead !
i want to look at cricket .
my older brothers seymour and hilton - who were already grown up when i was a child - went to the pub and talked about things like the shape of the beer glass or the beauty of a cricket .
i never had such a conversation with him .
much of my life he was this serious guy in the corner who read the newspaper .
recently , henry opened a foundry in dudley , and although the conditions are better than they were in his father &apos;s time , he gained an insight into how life might have been for him .
it is now slightly brighter , but they are dark , smoky , deep stygic labyrinth with flame bugs and smoke and much soot .
my father simply put himself in the bath and then he could slowly hear him begin singing because he could wash the foundry of himself .
when i went around it , i realized that he had done that for years to bring the food on the table and my respect for him increased .
henry was born in the united states , but died in the late 2370s .
my father never embraced me , he never said &quot; i love you &quot; .
only when my mother went badly towards the end of her life did we begin to say , &quot; i love you , i love you , i love you &quot; .
his daughter , trillie , with dawn french , helped share the love he had missed as a child .
could you stop with the &quot; i love you &quot; ?
stop hugging me !
papa , i am 22 .
with dawn french .
why should we not be friends ?
she is a great mother .
he was still a friend of french , with whom he was 25 years old .
dawn is a good man .
why should we not be friends ?
she is a great mother .
henry &apos;s own mother was a diabetic .
this contributed to their death .
so when i became very , very overweight and showed symptoms of diabetes , my doctor said , &quot; they must be radical .
so i got this fitness thing through and also had to make a drastic diet to reverse the symptoms .
it is very difficult .
and it is tiring .
nobody likes to eat carrots .
henry &apos;s career change may be shown in his elegant , short cut beard .
since he was praised by the critics for his othello , he has been captured by the theatre .
it followed the comedy of the errors , and then fences of august wilson .
this is a different experience from the sitcoms and comedy who have filled out their busy working lives .
he began only 16 years when he worked in a factory .
a dj discovered him on stage when he imitated people and wrote about him on new faces .
his television career began in the mid-1970s , &apos; i was the only black imitator / comedian on television for a quite long time . &apos;
he learned at work .
not only did i have to get big in the eyes of the public , but also from 1975 to 1985 i had to learn how to become an efficient witz narrative machine while watching television , and that was really difficult .
lenny 1975 at new faces
as his manager had the right to stage at the black and white minstrel show , a light entertainment program in which people &quot; painted &quot; , henry went on to perform his comedy for five years .
my family was very uncomfortable with this .
i somehow wished it had never happened , but i am not sorry to have done so .
it was a strange , unpleasant position for me , but i was involved in giant projects and learned how to deal with a large audience .
but this &quot; yearlong award winning light pillar of british television &quot; was also a &quot; grotesque parody of black people . &quot;
henry worked in an alternative comedy circle in the 1980s by introducing figures that both derided and celebrated british black culture .
the first series of the lenny henry show was broadcast in 1984 , and in the 1990s he was known as the chef gareth blacklock in the comedy series chef !
the next decade , however , after his bbc series lennyhenry.tv , he thought , &quot; what do you do next ?
after that came a documentary series for radio 4 titled what &apos;s so great about ... ?
the first episode was about shakespeare .
i was very allergic to shakespeare .
i had never learned a thing about him in school and thought it was mostly a domain of the middle class , white in tights and a coal head in front of it .
so i was very afraid .
all of us who interviewed for the show , peter hall , trevor nunn , adrian lester , judi dench said &quot; you should try it .
don &apos;t make it bad if you don &apos;t know what you are talking about .
put a few words into your mouth , and then you will understand why we all love shakespeare so much .
henry wrote 20 lines of othleich &apos;s last speech for the documentary and he was thrilled .
i felt that i could do that .
it was almost as if someone had finally set my head up properly .
&quot; that &apos;s what it &apos;s all about , it &apos;s a serious thing , take you seriously , read your text , search a bit .
the samples were brutal and i read this piece for months before we made it .
and it was a success .
they seemed to expect a car accident , and that simply did not happen .
and soon he appeared in the comedy of the errors .
suddenly i was in the national theatre and i could hardly believe it .
there was a moment when i thought , &apos; oh , you changed you &apos; .
there was a technical error and henry felt instinctively that he had to entertain the audience .
&quot; one small voice told me &quot; you have to bridge it for 10 minutes now while you are repairing the computer &quot; .
instead , the stage manager announced that the idea would continue once the problem had been resolved .
i went from the stage and something in me said &quot; oh , thank god &quot; .
i am not responsible for this .
i can leave it to someone else .
&quot; you play in a play , so stay in your role . &quot;
henry in fences
the text for fences learning was challenging .
panic is very good , it strengthens the tendencies .
that was also good , so it is like a great shield of the gods who say to me &quot; this is your destiny &quot; .
he says so , of course , with a thundering voice .
so i will stick to it .
i really love that .
i love to be in a rehearsal room .
henry still has the head of a comedian , though , our conversation is full of humorous eruptions while he always imitates people .
i decided not to make a stand-up comedy because i think that this type of immediate satisfaction from a room full of strangers is somehow dangerous .
if you look for that , you will see a wall in front of you .
i sometimes perform live in apollo if i want to , but overall i don &apos;t have as much as i did before .
i ask him whether he will ever go on a stand-up comedy tour again .
the fun i have in a room with a director who helps shape a beginning , a middle part and the end of a journey - i do not think i would ever want to give up that .
so is this his new incarnation ?
i think so .
i am a fan of the actors .
it is fun .
you always tell a story , and that is great .
i love stories .
people love stories .
huthi-rebels block streets in yemen ’ s capital
in the conflict between shia huthi-rebels and yemeni ’ s government , huthis have called for civil disobedience in the capital , sanaa .
huthi-supporters had occupied central streets in sanaa on monday , said a spokesman of the huth party &quot; ansar allah &quot; .
access to parliament has also been blocked .
yemeni media report a traffic chaos in the capital .
according to the online edition of the newspaper &quot; yemen post &quot; , huthi-leader abdulmalik al-huthi called for action on sunday evening .
huthi , according to the sheet , threatened to escalate further the conflict if his demands were not met .
shia huthis are fighting for more independence from sunni-ruled yemen and are demanding the resignation of the government .
the huthi people &apos;s tribe has besieged the yemeni capital for almost two weeks .
some 30,000 rebels have built protest camps along the main access roads of sanaa .
in the surrounding area , bloody battles are constantly taking place with the yemeni army .
kenya registers officials to contain &quot; ghost workers &quot;
kenya has begun to register all state officials biometrically to remove &quot; ghost workers &quot; from the government &apos;s pay lists .
employees who do not register in the next two weeks would no longer pay , was a government communication .
the government suspects that thousands of people will still receive salaries even after they leave the public service .
president uhuru kenyatta promised in his inauguration in 2013 to fight corruption in public service .
a review earlier this year found that at least $ 1 million ( £ 700,000 ) per month was lost in payments for &quot; ghost workers &quot; and other abusive financial practices .
the government suspects that wages will continue to be paid on accounts after a person has died or leaves the public service , says wanyama chebusiri for the bbc from the capital nairobi .
all officials must now appear at identification centres in the next two weeks to ensure that their data on biometric registrations are recorded , was notified in a government notice .
all those who would not do so without a credible apology would be removed from the payroll , then the communication went on .
&quot; this approach will make a major contribution to rationalising the public service by identifying the actual number of officials and also purifying the payroll at both levels of government - thus , the &quot; ghost creator &apos;s &quot; elimination .
the scandal surrounding art consultant helge achenbach will be first negotiated in court on 11 november .
five heirs of berthold albrecht , son of aldi founder theo albrecht , claim damages from achenbach and two of his companies in a civil trial at the düsseldorf district court .
a court spokesman told this on monday .
the complaint states that achenbach cheated when buying works of art and vintage timers and berthold albrecht calculated higher than actually paid purchase prices .
this has also raised the agreed commission .
achenbach bought valuables for eur 121 million for albrecht .
children need roots and wings
he was in school for 44 years , 23 of them as a school master .
from this time , manfred richter knows many of the petershausener and kollbacher who had been born in berlin and lived in berlin .
his methods were sometimes unconventional , but always inspired by his desire to see the person in the student .
the snowboard is the most famous mountain in the giant mountains .
manfred richter loves the painting with the motif from his home country .
judge was born in 1930 in trautenau / north bohemia , today trutnov .
after four years of secondary school , he was already 14 and was interested in the profession of teacher .
one year later , the sudeten germans were expropriated .
within half an hour the family had to leave their house .
after a few months in a warehouse , it went to bavaria in 1946 - in the freight wagon .
so it beat judges into the oberfrankische senkendorf .
the teacher training took place in bamberg .
manfred richter had to walk ten kilometres to the nearest railway station six times a week , travel by train to bamberg , walk three kilometres across the city and return in the evening .
after two months , manfred richter had a sleeping opportunity in a red-cross home in bamberg : together with up to 15 students in a dormitory .
in 1951 he made the first and in 1954 , after three years of law , he became the second state candidate .
since oberfranken had no free teacher for him , he went to oberbayern and came to the school in kollbach on november 1 , 1954 .
the &quot; mräulein room &quot; was his first &quot; service apartment &quot; in the school building .
in 1958 he moved to the newly built teacher house next to the school to make a three-room service apartment .
this house bought manfred richter in 1980 after the school in kollbach had been dissolved in 1968 .
until then , there were three classes in the petershausen-kollbach school association in kollbach and five in petershausen .
from 1968 / 69 , these were merged into petershausen in the present town hall .
when the indersdorf school association was founded , only primary school remained in the place .
to avoid a downgrade in the now smaller school , the then rector georg sigl moved to karlsfeld – and manfred richter became his successor .
but petershausen grew , and so the children and their teachers were able to move into the current building from september 1982 , which was expanded in 1997 after judicial retirement .
the first building was built in the city of ludwig götz , which was built in 1997 by the school &apos;s guidelines , and was built by the local authorities .
&quot; mayor götz was very school-friendly , &quot; judge remembered .
throughout his career , manfred richter never forgot the speech of a government representative who responded to a school council on law and justice : &quot; one must never forget love for judges . &quot;
&quot; you have to give the children two things : roots and wings , &quot; says the 84-year-old .
he had to learn : &quot; this is not always possible &quot; , but whether he means only his students or his own six children is not very clear .
in any case , judges were sometimes unconventional .
when students were checked , they did not receive a punitive report from him and were not donated to the post .
at the municipal cost , judge had had two pairs of boxing gloves purchased and let the two opponents compete , even if there was a little bit of a veil .
for the benefit of the school , judges had a good relationship as rector with the then mayor ludwig götz ( csu ) .
after retiring , he moved the non-partisan judge to stand for the council of municipalities , at least as the last on the csu list in 1996 .
yet judges were selected to sit six , and joined the csu .
180 kilometres in three days
hr4-radtour 700 bikers take intermediate stops at the kurpark bad salzhausen and schotten .
if radkers take a rest on their tour in bad salzhausen or schotten , that is not in itself a special thing .
on friday , however , the number of people who are stuck in the mood was the only one : the 700 participants of the hr4 cycle tour and the accompanying trolley enjoyed a break in the lower spa park of bad salzhausen .
the participants had a meeting on thursday in bad vilbel and had a concert by van baker &amp; band .
on friday it became serious : the cyclists took the first stage , which started 60 kilometres over florstadt to bad salzhausen and further to scotland .
in bad salzhausen , the athletes were welcomed by mayor hans-peter seum , who had started with the bicycle in bad vilbel , and the director of the own company bad salzhausen , petra schwinkel .
to refresh body and mind , all kinds of good things had been prepared : the rural women from ranstadt and nieder-mockstadt had 85 plates of apple , pocket , spreader and spreader cages .
&quot; such cakes can only bake women in rural areas , &quot; a participant from aulendiebach praised him while he ordered another piece .
cold refreshments could be purchased at the turnverein süß-nidda drinks stand .
the duo bravo entertained visitors with well-known melodies from operettas and musicals and harvested enthusiastic applause .
the hotel was very clean and the staff were very helpful .
a gentleman also enjoyed a head massage from his partner : &quot; he deserves that , after all , he has already fixed broken cycle chains today &quot; .
meanwhile , the mayor and the manager had to work : they were interviewed at the fountain in front of the drinking spa of reporter rainer janke and took the opportunity to advertise on the radio for bad salzhausen .
tobias hagen , the head of the promotional team , has only been short in his career since the first hr4 bike tour in 2004 , having had a lot to do with the technology on the spot .
facebook &apos;s pickup truck , in which he communicated with his staff via three phones and a radio unit , and the 15-person motorcycle squadron of the police hessen , also made a speech .
&quot; the majority of participants come from the rhine-main-region , &quot; he told , &quot; but also from gießen or fulda , lauterbach or the taunus and even from numerous cities in western falun .
the number of participants depends a bit on the available accommodation capacities .
in category i participants will be accommodated in hotels , in category ii in group accommodation .
the cyclists had a good impression of the resort when they left after an hour and a half : &quot; tschüss ! &quot;
&quot; it was beautiful in bad salzhausen ! &quot; winked to farewell .
after arriving in scotland , the group was allowed to take a short break .
but in the evening the cyclists were called for in the idyllic alteburgpark .
under the direction of the scottish tourism and city marketing ( gts ) , the park had a nice festambiente and of course , they had prepared delicious cakes with a well-cooled feather white .
mayor susanne schaab , gts managing director markus hoßfeld and msc chairman wolfgang wagner-sachs welcomed the visitors in his role as member of the board of directors of adac hessen-thuringia .
the three were obviously delighted by the &quot; many businesses in scots &quot; .
dj tobias hagen then released the dance stage .
the opportunity to move freely under the sky was seduced despite the sporting activity on the bike .
among the guests , there were increasingly mixed citizens who were as enthusiastic about the good mood as the great treasure of cyclists .
on the second day the bikers had the birstein , wüchtersbach and bad orb stations - including a concert with the trenkwalder - on their agenda .
yesterday , after 180 kilometres of radelns , the athletes came back to bad vilbel .
dozens of turkish police officers arrested for &quot; conspiracy &quot; against the government
a total of 33 police officers were arrested in turkey on suspicion of &apos; conspiracy against the government &apos; , and local media agencies report .
the police authorities did not comment immediately .
among the arrested are 14 high-ranking police , reports hürriyet daily news .
some of them participated in the corruption investigations against government officials , including four government ministers last december .
in july , a number of turkish police arrested a number of turkish police officers for supposedly establishing an organised criminal association and tapping telephone numbers .
turkish president recep tayyyip erdogan ( who was then prime minister ) described her as part of the activities led by the islamist clergyman fethulla güllen to power and others .
not all the children in ukraine are returning to school
schools in almost all of ukraine opened on monday ( september 1 ) after the summer holidays .
this day is traditionally an important day for families , and , like thousands of other ukrainian parents , prime minister arsenij jazenjuk brought his daughter to school .
he informed warring journalists that not all schools had reopened , but that he was determined to defend the country for future generations :
september celebrations were not held in every school .
the sky is not peaceful all over ukraine .
we must fight for a peaceful heaven .
the whole of ukraine , a huge common ukrainian people &apos;s front , must fight for a peaceful heaven .
aleksan pastukhow , school director of school in slavjansk , who attended jazenjuk &apos;s daughter , spoke in russian .
we hope that peace will finally reign here and that children will receive an education that will be useful to them in the future .
the first day of school in the new school year is traditionally celebrated , with children wearing embroidered shirts , holding balloons in their hands and giving flowers to their teachers .
with rona fairhead , the bbc may have found the great director it needs .
it comes in with a proud stumbling stab from the banking world , media management , and the inner circle of the tory party .
and she has her own frontal experience .
she began her career with the global management consultancy bain and co . , to which she moved to morgan stanley , bombadier , ici and the media world of pearsons .
she served as chief executive officer of the financial times for seven years and resigned when the chief post of parent company pearson went to a younger male colleague .
their compensation was supposedly £ 1 million .
their political ranking is also sound .
she was recommended to david cameron by lord browne , the former chairman of bp , when he was looking for more private knowledge in whitehall : she became the advisor of the cabinet .
her husband is a former tory council member .
in may i described the chair &apos;s task with a poisoned celch .
not only is the bbc a huge and complex entity in the heart of public life , but there is also an internal paradox in its structure .
confidence has two directions : inward-looking at the bbc ’ s own management hierarchy , but also outwardly as the voice of public concern and disquiet when things go wrong .
this creates an almost untenable duopoly that requires full reform .
but what new leader would risk coming , going for everything , and dividing an institution that is as complex as a chinese dynasty , while perhaps taking himself for his job .
it is a difficult task .
and as if that were not enough , many are also interested in seeing the bbc reduced - power , money and status outdated .
as competition approaches and new technologies threaten old , comfortable collateral , the upcoming bargaining of licence fees for the bbc is bound to pose particular risks .
the modest sum of £ 145.50 per year is being bought by the british public into what is surely the largest media company in the world .
the bbc tells a good story : it says that it reaches 96 % of all households , and costs only 40 pence per day .
and it seems that the bbc is rising up again on the popularity scale : 53 % support it today , compared to 31 % 10 years ago .
the visual and usage habits for the bbc have changed : i get news headlines on my mobile today and see missing programs later on my iplayer .
but it remains a very beloved and notable institution .
she needs a remarkable chairman - i hope she has found him .
perry from texas says that looting tweet was not authorized .
a tweet from the official account of the republican governor of texas , rick perry , on sunday contained a depressing comment about the democratic district prosecutor , who is at the centre of a misrule .
the tweet was later deleted and replaced by another perry user account that truncated the previous one .
a tweet has just been sent from my account , which was not authorized by me .
&quot; i do not approve of the tweet and have deleted it , &quot; it was said in the later message .
perry staff did not respond immediately to requests for comments .
although perry &apos;s official user account was running , it was not clear who actually uses the feed .
the former tweet painted an unfavourable picture of the district prosecutor of travis county , rosemary lehmberg , who was sentenced to tax rigour in april 2013 .
perry vetoed financial support for her office when she refused to resign , leading to an indictment in a grand jury against perry - possibly in 2016 as a presidential candidate - in a month .
the text of the tweets reads : &quot; i do not always drive drunk with the three-fold allowed alcohol level ... but if i do , i complain to governor perry when he speaks .
i am the most drunk democrat in texas .
lehmberg ’ s office was not charged with directing the grand jury ’ s investigation into perry .
the latter was led by michael mccrum , a special prosecutor from san antonio , who was chosen by a republican judge .
perry pleads not guilty and called the charge a political trick .
his high-class team of lawyers applied to the judge charged with the case to reject the charge and argued that the law against the most servant governor is being passed in the constitutional state .
perry stopped $ 7.5 million of government funds to the public integrity unit of the state - which is based in travis county and which in cases of state corruption in texas , step back as a backward step .
this veto caused a public complaint from a left-wing watchdog group .
perry &apos;s official user account is often updated - and sometimes famous .
after completing at the election meetings in iowa during his presidential candidacy in 2012 , perry responded to speculation that he would stop by taking a tweet of a photo !
berkeley once again declared housing market to be &quot; normal &quot; .
one of london &apos;s most prominent builders pointed out that the housing market in the south-east of england had returned to normal levels .
home prices in the capital were highly sought-after , and the bank of england , owing to widespread fear of a credit bubble , raised the ceiling in june for mortgages .
tony pidgley , founder and ceo of the high-class construction company berkeley said on monday : &quot; since the beginning of the current financial year , the market has returned to normal transaction levels since the peak of 2013 .
the housing market in london was well positioned during the downturn , as foreign buyers pushed into the capital .
according to the cadastral office , the city area prices rose by 18.5 % last year alone , far more than the average increase in england and wales as a whole .
the average sales prices for berkeley ’ s private , cheap , and student offers rose by about one-fifth in the past year , and at the end of april stood at £ 423,000 .
however , a stronger pound has made property ownership in london less attractive to foreign buyers in recent months - some of them also been fuelled by the introduction of new property taxes and political rhetoric about a possible &quot; tax on the city &quot; before may .
last week , london property broker foxton warned that the mortgage market report for april , in which stricter credit spending rules were presented , would lead to lower mortgage prices in the second half of the year .
new data from the bank of england on monday show a decline in the mortgage authorisation in july , which also indicates that the real estate market is cooling .
hamptions international , another real estate agency , corrected its forecast of the rise in london property prices to 3 % in 2015 , based on already weakening house price awareness .
the volume of transactions in the most expensive areas of london , such as chelsea , mayfair and kensington , has now declined by a quarter year on year , according to the broker wa ellis .
nevertheless , the desire for a home in berkeley ’ s capital is a blessing , as the amounts due for futures sales amount to more than £ 2.2 billion .
mr pidgley added : &apos; demand for the right , well-planned product at the best locations remained stable and as a result , sales of the appointments remained stable . &apos;
in june , the company reported that it had sold 3,742 new homes in the year until the end of april - almost a third more than the 2007 peak before the crisis .
annual pre-tax earnings rose by 40 percent to £ 280 million annually , and sales rose by 18 percent to £ 1.6 billion .
in a communication on monday before the company &apos;s annual meeting , mr pidgley said that the revenue for berkeley is expected to match current market expectations in the current year .
the analysts agree to the annual pre-tax result of £ 450 million .
berkeley shares were fixed at £ 23.96 in the afternoon in london .
jennifer lawrence &apos;s naked photos published by hackers on the internet
jennifer lawrence appears at the 85th oscar award .
naked photos of the oscar-winner jennifer lawrence were published online by a hacker who claimed to have a &quot; master list &quot; of images of another 100 starlets .
a representative of the star from &quot; panem &apos;s tribute &quot; confirmed that the photos of lawrence are genuine and accused the hacker for &quot; flagrant violation of privacy &quot; .
the authorities have been notified and will follow all those who post the stolen photos of jennifer lawrence .
the photos originally posted on the photo sharing page 4chan were reported to be obtained by a gap in the online storage system icloud from apple , including the alleged &quot; master list &quot; of the hazzo .
it is not certain how many of the images are real , although winstead , star from &quot; scott pilgrim against the rest of the world &quot; also condemned the hack on twitter .
&quot; to those of you who look at photos taken by my husband and i in the private environment of our house years ago - i hope you are really satisfied with you , &quot; winstead wrote on twitter .
victoria justice from nicholas &apos; icarly &apos; and &apos; victorious &apos; , however , resists the fact that the photos are pictures of her and are &quot; faked &quot; by nickhete .
let ’ s just fight back from the beginning .
buzzfeed reported on late sunday that a spokesman of the pop star ariana grande was descending the authenticity of the supposed photos of it .
exclusive extract from howard jacobson &apos;s highly praised new novel about love and the letter &quot; j &quot; .
they disintegrated , so it was best described , they slowly dissolved like a carton that was left in the rain .
occasionally , a woman told him that he was too serious , exhausting , intense , distanced and perhaps a bit scratchy .
and then shaked his hand .
he knew scratchbürstig .
he was stuck , as in igel , yes .
the last victim of this stalemate was a recent affair , which had been more promising for alleviating the lonely boredom of his life than would otherwise have been , and perhaps even brought some satisfaction to him .
ailin solomon was a trembling , tender beauty with untamed hair and a flattering heart from a village on the north island that was even more remote and rough than port reflex .
she had come south with an older companion who thought kevern to be her aunt , and who had inherited a plot in a damp but paradisiacal valley with the apt name paradise valley .
for several years no one had lived in the house .
the pipes were leaked , spiders were still in the bathrooms , naked mugs had left their traces on all windows and believed that they were all owned and the garden was covered with ropes .
like the house , it was a kindermärchen , both threatening and tempting , a garden full of secrets .
portrait of the author : howard jacobson , whose novel &quot; j &quot; on the longlist stands for the man booker prize 2014 .
the shortlist will be announced next week .
he had been sitting with ailin ’ s retailers on the broken sun loungers in the high grass and enjoyed an unusually warm spring afternoon , both of whom had a senseless retreat in the cold .
your feet are too big .
due to their aggressiveness , songs of this kind were no longer played on the console .
not forbidden - nothing was really forbidden - simply not played .
it was successfully obsolete , just as the word obsolete .
the general taste created what decree and regulations never had done , and how people choose the vom tellrecitals to the millionaire , cooking books , and love novels .
in the euphoria of the day , kevern began to play an imaginary piano and sing large feet in a grob-comic serenade of ailin .
ailin did not understand .
&quot; this was a well-known song by a jazz pianist named fats waller , &quot; he explained her and automatically put two fingers on his lips .
his father had always done that to stop the letter j before he came out of his mouth .
it had begun as a game between him and his father when he was still small .
his father had played it with his own father , so he had told .
if you start a word with a j without putting two fingers over your lips , it costs you a penny .
it was not a very funny game back then , and it was not very funny either .
he knew that was expected of him , that was all .
it had to explain what jazz was .
ailinn never heard of anyone .
jazz was not played , even if it was not directly prohibited .
improvisation was no longer modern .
it was only room for a single &quot; if &quot; in life .
people wanted to be quite sure at the beginning of a melody where it would end .
so is the mind .
his unpredictability made people nervous .
and jazz was musically expressed .
although he had become ten years old without being heard by sammy davis junior , kevern knew something about jazz from his father &apos;s semi-secret collection of old cds .
but at least he didn ’ t have to explain to ailin that fats whale was black .
at her age , she probably could not remember a time when pop singers were not black .
again , no laws or constraints .
a conformant society meant that every element of this society graciously agreed to the principle of group talents - grateful as those spared from destiny .
people of afro-caribbean origin were suitable for entertainment and sport through temperament and body construction , so they sang and ran .
people who originally came from the indian subcontinent were , like nature , blessed with electronic talent , and were guided by the task of ensuring that no family remained without a working phone .
what was left of the polish community was concerned with sewage ; what was left of the greeks , teller broke .
those from the gulf states and the levante , whose grandparents had not left the country quickly than what had happened if it had happened - out of fear of being accused of fire , even out of fear of being accused of shame .
each according to his or her abilities .
as she had only heard ballads , ailinn had difficulty in understanding how the insulting words that kevern had just sung her , could ever be spunned .
music was an expression of love .
&quot; they are not really insulting , &quot; said kevern .
except perhaps for people whose feet are too big .
my father never insulted anyone , but he loved this song .
he talked too much , but the neglected garden gave him the deceptive feeling of security .
nothing could be done to overcome the sound of the huge coal-like leaves .
ailin still did not understand .
why should your father have loved such a thing ?
he wanted to say that it was a jux , but hesitated to put two fingers on the lips in their present .
she thought that he was a bit strange anyway .
&quot; he seemed amusing , &quot; he said instead .
she shaken her head unbelievefully and closed down on the face of the river .
there was nothing else to see anywhere in the world than their unred-colored raven-black hair .
there was nothing he would have wished to see .
&quot; when you say it , &quot; mean it without conviction .
but that doesn &apos;t explain why you want it to me .
they seemed to be frankly concerned .
are my feet too big ?
he looked again .
your feet so directly not .
maybe your ankles , a little bit ...
and you say you hated me because my ankles are too thick ?
hate you ?
of course i do not hate you .
that is just the stupid song .
he could have said &quot; i love you &quot; , but it was too early for that .
&quot; your thick ankles are the very reason you like me , &quot; he tried to do it instead .
i am a bit perverse here .
that was not right .
it should have been funny .
when he tried to be funny , he often got into trouble because , like his father , he did not have the calming charm needed to make the jokes inherent cruelty .
perhaps his father also wanted to be cruel .
perhaps he wanted to be , kevern , that .
despite his friendly eyes .
ailin solomon became red and rose from her deck chair , threw the console around and spilled the wine they had drank .
the wine of the wood bloom , so drunkenness was no excuse for him .
in their excitement they seemed to tremble , as palmwedel in storm .
&quot; and your thick head is precisely the reason why i feel drawn to you perversely , &quot; she said ...
except that i am not at all .
she was sorry , both for the unnecessary unkindness of his words and for the fear that appeared in her eyes when she rebelled against him .
did she think he would beat them ?
she had not told him about life on the cold northern archipelago , where she had grown up , but he had no doubt that it was essentially the same as here .
the same huge and icy ocean broke down here as there on the shores .
the same confused men , with even thicker skin and more infuriated by what had happened when their ancestors had been a smuggler and beachrobber , were still willing to raise by puppies .
thick head ?
they would have shown her a big fist if she did not take care !
they are the most commonly used word for erotic appeal between men and women , and they are the counter-poison to the non-scathing loving ones - they are the ones who beat the consoles .
in kevern ’ s view , this was unnecessary refinement , as the crutch itself was an act of violence .
aailin solomon gave him a sign to go through his body .
he rose from the deck like an old man .
she also felt bleached , but the strength of his grief surprised her .
that was not the end of the world .
they were hardly aware of it .
she looked at him as he distanced himself - as she saw her companion from a room on the upper floor - a man complained about something he had raised .
adam leaves the garden , thought she .
she felt a sudden pain for him and men in general , although some had raised their hands against them .
a man turned off her , his back prayed , shamed , defeated , without a fighting spirit - why was this a sight that she seemed to know well before , if she could not remember such a thing ?
when she was alone again , ailin solomon looked at her feet .
several years before the events just told , esme nussbaum worked , an intelligent and enthusiastic 32-year-old researcher on behalf of ofnow , the non-legislative monitoring body for short , expected to be spent on the government .
&quot; much has been done , and much still needs to be done , &quot; she wrote , &quot; to appease the innate aggressiveness of a people who has led a thousand wars and won most of them , especially in the perceived sweetening lands .
but some properties turn out to be inexorable .
the higher the church tower , it seems , the lower the passion that it continues to arouse .
the population crying in listening to sentimental ballads , rashing in stories about overwound difficulties , claiming to believe firmly in the virtues of marriage and family life , but still holding back the former hand not only .
&quot; you have an unfortunate tendency to exaggerate , &quot; your mentor said when he read the whole report .
i suggest you read fewer novels .
esme nussbaum lowered her head .
i must also ask : are you atheist ?
&quot; i do not need to say that , &quot; said esme nussbaum .
are they lesbian ?
once again esme referred to her right to privacy and refusal of statement .
feminist ?
silence again .
&quot; i don &apos;t ask this , &quot; said luther rabinowitz , &quot; because i am against atheism , lesbian or feminism .
this is a prejudice free job .
we are serving a society free of prejudice .
but certain kinds of hypersensitivity , which are in themselves absolutely acceptable and commendable , can occasionally distort the results they have presented .
they themselves seem to have prejudices against the church , and these things , which they call &apos; underhand &apos; and &apos; raw &apos; , could just as well be interpreted by others as an expression of natural strength and vitality .
if we continue to ride around what happened , if it happened , as if it had happened yesterday , we will be depriving the country of its essential vitality .
esme nussbaum looked around while rabinowitz spoke .
behind his head , an led letter in flamingorosa repeated the advice that ofnow had given the country in the last quarter-century or longer .
smile on your neighbors , value your partner , listen to ballads , visit musicals , use your phone , talk , listen , agree , excuse .
speaking is better than silence , the vocal word is better than the written word , but nothing is better than love .
&quot; i understand absolutely what you want to go to , &quot; esme nussbaum replied with a quiet voice when she was sure that her superiors had finished , &quot; and i say nothing else than that we are healed .
my concern is that , without warning , we may find ourselves remembering how we are repeating the mistakes that only happened once they had happened .
this time , however , it is not the others who leave us out of anger and mistrust .
luther rabinowitz formed a pyramid with his hands .
to indicate an angels patience .
&quot; they go too far , &quot; he said , &quot; if they call acts &apos; errors &apos; which our grandparents may or may not have committed .
they are also going too far when they say that they have left out their anger and their mistrust of others .
it should not be necessary to remind someone in their position that , in understanding the past as in protecting the present , we are talking about &apos; us &apos; and &apos; others &apos; .
there was no &quot; we &quot; and there was no &quot; other &quot; .
it was a time of disorder , that is all we know .
&quot; from that , if we are honest with ourselves , &quot; daring to throw esme , &quot; no part of society can claim to have behaved well .
i do not complain to anyone .
whether it was done badly or well , what happened has happened .
that was then .
there is no need to say anything more about this - we agree on that .
and just as no blame must be assigned , no guilt must be repaid if such repayment is appropriate and if there is a way to repay it .
but what is the purpose of the past if we do not learn from it -
the past is used to make us forget it .
if i may say something on this subject -
luther rabinowitz had his pyramid collapsed .
&apos;i will keep your report in mind , &apos; he said and released it .
the next day , as she went to work as usual , she was overrun by a motorcyclist who , as passers-by described , had taken to the footsteps in a kind of brutal rage .
there are coincidences .
lesotho ’ s military member says that no coup d ’ état is planned ; prime minister remains in south africa
military officials in lesotho argued that a coup d &apos;état was planned to overthrow the government and said that they were taking action against policemen accused of armed political fanatics .
prime minister thomas thabane fled the country and announced that the country ’ s army had encircled his domicile and occupied government buildings in the capital of maseru .
the premier brought his family to adjacent south africa after he reported attacks .
military spokesman major ntelele ntoi said that there is in fact no coup d &apos;état , but that the military is responding to the threat of &quot; political fanatics &quot; by police , whose military presence .
&quot; what happened this morning was that the staff of the defense forces of lesotho acted , after receiving several intelligence reports , that within the police some elements were actually doing damage to some of the political , party political fanice wanted to touch .
south african leader clayson monyela said that military action was under the impression of a overthrow .
&quot; although no one has claimed to have torn the government by force , all the reports agree that lesotho &apos;s defense forces &apos; activities have so far been indicative of a coup d &apos;état , &quot; he said .
spokesmen of the military of lesotho announced on sunday that the soldiers were dragging their barracks and that the situation in the capital was calm .
in the meantime , vice premier mothetjoya metering takes over the leadership of thabanes ’ absence .
thabane announced that he believed he had become the target for his attempt to fight corruption in the country .
lesotho has been in great tension since june , after the disruption of thabane parliamentary meetings due to the clashes in his unity government .
he said that his actions had not undermined the government , despite different accusations .
eurozone production on 13 months low
the rise in production in the eurozone slowed in august to the lowest point in the last 13 months , according to a closely observed study .
the final labeled shopping index of the manufacturing industry ( pmi ) fell to 50.7 in august , after a booth of 51.8 in july .
an indication of 50 indicates an expansion .
new orders were coming back and factories were experiencing bursts in a period of rising tension between the eu and russia over ukraine .
the figures arrive before the european central bank ( ecb ) meeting on thursday .
markets expect the bank to provide a clear plan for dealing with a reluctant eurozone recovery , and for the imminent threat of deflation at an inflation rate of only 0.3 % .
there is speculation that the ecb head , mario draghi , could provide further information this week whether he is considering quantitative easing for the eurozone , in line with the united states ’ financial crisis .
&quot; although small growth is better than no growth , the slowing effects of rising economic and geopolitical uncertainties have become clearer for manufacturers , &quot; said rob dobson , chief economist at markt .
the factory pmi for germany , russia &apos;s largest trading partner in the eu , fell to its lowest level in 11 months with 51.4 .
in the meantime , the pmi fell to 46.9 in the second largest economy of the block , france .
france remains a troubled child , as does italy ’ s decline from solid expansion to stagnation .
references to the fact that growth incentives in the key industry mechanism germany and spain and the netherlands no longer apply are also unsatisfactory , &quot; said mr dobson .
the industry ’ s decline is likely to fuel analysts ’ fire , which expects further monetary or fiscal stimulus .
a positive news came from the republic of ireland , where the pmi increased to 57.3 , the highest level since the end of 1999 .
according to howard archer , chief economic expert at ihs global insight , &quot; the best that can be said for the purchasing management index of manufacturing businesses that grows in the eurozone from august is still that sector .
he added : &quot; eurozone producers seem to find life quite difficult at the moment , as the current heightened geopolitical tensions - particularly in relation to russia and ukraine - increase uncertainties in the still difficult conditions in many countries .
these increased uncertainties have clearly affected the economy - in particular , and consumer confidence , and presumably lead to some orders being delayed or even cancelled , particularly large contracts .
he said that it would &apos; increasingly likely &apos; that the ecb would eventually have to initiate some sort of qe , &apos; although we suspect that this will be limited &apos; .
the hell decade of beslan survivors : ten years have passed since the dreadful siege of school , as the children involved still suffer today .
ten years ago , over 1,000 people were taken hostage by chechen militias at a school in beslan in southern russia .
more than 330 people , more than half of them children , were killed in the three-day martyrdom that shocked the world .
we returned to beslan to find some of the victims who had escaped the death of the atrocities in the classroom .
exactly a decade after the appalling siege of beslan school , which killed 334 people , including 186 children , the heroic survivors warned last night of a new apocalypse in ukraine .
when fanatical islamist terrorists captured and killed children and parents on 1 september 2004 , the beginning of a new school year , it seemed like the evil one .
the tragedy united west and east in abhorrence , and then surprisingly turned into action and hope for the future in the midst of the worst misery .
ten years later , we returned to beslan to find some of the victims who had escaped the death of the atrocities in the classroom .
we found surprising young people who have overcome resistance , although the memory of this terrorist hell will keep them in mind forever .
your greatest hope ?
that the war that is now wreaking ukraine - and in which children like them die - is now coming to an end .
the girl who was photographed trying to climb back into the shattered school sports hall
she was photographed by russian star photographer dimitri beliakov and famous when she only tried to get back into the shattered school sports hall in her underwear , after a mine exploded .
completely confused , aida was looking for her mother , larissa , now 40 years old .
both were thought to be dead , but they survived .
&quot; a woman told me i should run for my life , but i could not , &quot; said aida then .
my legs were bloodily overflowing .
i stood up and climbed back in to search for my mother .
a soldier brought them to safety .
after a series of operations , she thought she was completely cured , but said yesterday : &quot; three months ago , the pain returned .
i am afraid i have to be operated on again .
some shards are still in my knees .
her goal is to become a dentist to help people , as she was helped by doctors .
&quot; this tragedy changed my life , but it did not break me , &quot; she says fighting .
&quot; that happened to me , and it cannot be changed .
once a year i go to the sports hall to remember the people who stayed there .
my friends and i try not to talk about it on other days .
the pain is too great .
my best friend and future classmate dzera gapoeva was killed there .
we played together when we were small and dreamed of going to school together .
&quot; i don &apos;t want to marry until i finish my studies and start my career .
i am thinking of a family later .
she says that the siege will always remain part of her , although the memory is getting slightly weaker every year .
i am glad that many people around the world still remember our horrors and we are so grateful for the help we received from people in britain and everywhere .
when i see online the photo of me climbing back to school , i think that for the first time many people see it , understand our catastrophe and help to prevent such a thing from happening again .
the boy who flew through the ball hack , believing that his mother was dead
it was his first day of school ( russians go to school at 7 years ) and survived the three-day siege in the poor of his mother tamara .
when he was seven years old , he said : &apos; mama told me i should lie down if there were an explosion and hold your hand &apos; .
after an explosion , he thought she would die .
she said to him : &apos; run . &apos;
fearing that she could be dead , he fled and saw a weeping infant on the way , grabbed it with her hand and fled through a ball hack .
his father vladimir , who had his son in the arms out , said : &quot; damir told me that his mother had died .
he said : &apos; i could not save them &apos; .
in reality , tamara had stumbled outside and with leg injuries in hospital , in turn , in the belief that her son had died .
after reunification she said : &quot; i crying for joy .
i could not believe it .
he ran in and embraced me .
damir was later flown to london ( from the meanwhile dissolved newspaper news of the world ) to receive the title of a barnardo &apos;s child from the then prime minister tony blair and his wife cherie .
&quot; this horror is watching you every day , but i wish i could stop remembering , &quot; he said yesterday .
but i can say that it will be pale in my memory .
i still know that i threw all my toy gun away immediately after that .
but now i can play computer games with shooting scenes and that &apos;s no problem for me .
&quot; i am not afraid to go back to the sports hall , but i don &apos;t think about myself .
i remember those children with whom i played in the court , who did not make it out .
we never say they have been killed or dead .
we say that they have stayed in the sports hall .
i remember very well my trip to london , especially the toys shop , where i could choose everything i wanted and drive in an open car above .
but now he is afraid of a place like ukraine , where wars cause the kind of misfortune he and his friends suffered .
this horror is watching you every day , but i wish i could stop remembering it .
&quot; i am so sorry for all those who suffer from the abominations , &quot; said damir , who worked as a volunteer in a monastery last week .
i am so happy to help .
i will one day go to the police and hope that you will take me to the training academy next year .
his mother tamara , 48 , said : &quot; 37 children from our neighbourhood were killed , can you imagine that ?
i remember the terrible silence after the siege , there were simply no children who could shout and walk around , and this silence lasted many months .
she is vividly reminiscent of her trip to london with damir .
the people of london wept when i told our story .
i understood then how people on the other side of the world can understand our feelings and show their support .
she was grateful to cherie blair and her foundation for the prize and the opportunity to travel to london in autumn 2004 .
i wish i could call cherie and tell her myself that 10 years have passed , but i still remember the meeting her and her husband in london , and how the damir and me helped .
i remember damir wanted to eat borschtsch and called them all local russian restaurants .
i remember playing with waistcoats in a restaurant , damir shot her and she ran away and played with him .
and that was just one month after the horror .
i was surprised that the british were so willing to share our pain and support us .
she said , &quot; i always think that this world has not improved in these 10 years .
in ukraine , war is now continuing , and people are dying every day , and i believe that many children have been killed and are still being killed .
these are just children like ours .
i think that for many , the war is part of the news they hear when they are bored or busy with something else .
i just know what these people feel , all the horror .
and i cannot stop feeling that .
nothing has changed , people still want to kill each other and that is so sad .
damir was big and is a very gentle and quiet boy , he is not aggressive or angry at all .
for example , he is not looking for revenge , he is not overwhelmed by the past abominations .
i know he does not like to remember , but he has six close friends from the class and they occasionally go to the sports hall and lit candles there .
when he was smaller , he suffered - i remember he sometimes put his face on the sofa , sidelined from us , for hours .
not sleeping , his eyes were open .
i remember him continuing to warn all his weapons and other military toys , and damir is now 17 , bigger than me , looking good , intelligent and healthy .
i can hardly believe that for a few hours i was so sure that he was dead and i would never see him again .
when i recovered after the explosion and got on my feet , i looked around and saw hell around me , with body parts surrounding all the place .
i was absolutely sure that my little boy could not survive in this hell .
&quot; i remember that i called him , &quot; damir , run away , run away &quot; , but i was also so sure that he had not heard me .
but he heard it and he went away .
and thus life , unlike that of many others , continues for us .
georgij ilyin , 17
the boy whose terrible image after the siege became the symbol of beslan ’ s abomination .
consolation : the beslan survivor georgij lyin with his mother fatima after the siege in 2004 , on the right a picture of georgij today , a picture of georgij .
his blood-filled face was scared when he ran for his life , while chechen terrorists showered his classmates .
his image was one of the most shocking symbols of beslan &apos;s barbarism .
his mother fatima , 54 , a doctor , had taken him to school for his first day before she rushed to bring her older son vladimir to university .
&quot; i left the court about two minutes before the terrorists stormed it , and so my little boy remained alone for three terrible days , &quot; she remembers .
not entirely alone , there was a whole family of relatives of us , but they were all killed .
only my georgij managed to survive .
the closer this date gets , the harder it is to think about it and talk about it .
there is not a single day when we do not remember this tragedy .
we do not think it has been a long time ago , i think it would have happened yesterday , some of the scenes from these days are watching me forever .
nobody will ever forget that , i promise you .
impenetrable : the image of georgij ( left ) was one of the most shocking of the attack and was immortalized as a statue ( right ) .
i remember that georgij wanted to go to school on that day , saying he wanted to hug his teacher .
i knew he was alive when i saw him on television .
and now there is even this statue of the crying georgij in san marino .
georgij does not like the picture and it is hidden in the bookshelf at home .
i understand that , but i also think that , thanks to this picture , people all over the world feel our pain .
georgij says today : &quot; it is important that this sort of thing never happens again .
&quot; i doubt that we will ever know the truth .
people constantly investigate such tragedies and never learn the truth .
and now you are investigating the crash of this boeing in ukraine .
will we ever know what caused it ?
this world is becoming something terrible .
&quot; i cannot understand how this is possible , because when you ask people , no one wants a war , so how is it done ?
ten years is nothing at all at all at all at this pain .
we need dozens of years to forget it a little .
it has attacked my health and i still feel it .
for about three or four years i had a few nightmares because of the siege , but then it was better .
i went to school later in 2004 and feared every day .
i thought of my friends and classmates who had been killed .
that is why i always go to the sports hall when the first of september approaches .
i want to pay tribute to my old childhood friends .
it is difficult for me to go into the sports hall , but i have to do it .
i do not feel myself a victim ; this story is now part of my past .
i will not forget it , but i do not regret it .
my life goes on .
i finished school this year and i am visiting a medical university in vladikaz .
i will be a heart surgeon .
my first choice was an army training .
i wanted to become a soldier , but my health did not allow it .
i wanted to fight for my country , but that will not happen .
georgij faniyev , 20
the boy who survived , although caught at the foot of a murderous terrorist .
a miracle : georgij faniyev was caught in the siege to the feet of a murderous terrorist , but he managed to survive .
during the siege , he was imprisoned in the sports hall and sat next to the bomb that was attached to a murderous terrorist .
it is a real miracle that he was not killed .
&quot; we feel it was as if it had been yesterday , &quot; says georgij , who wanted to go to the fsb as intelligence officer , but could not do so because of his health damage caused by the siege .
it is still with me , it is not something i left behind .
i am now older and people are saying that children can easily deal with bad experiences - i have to say that this is not true .
&quot; in 2006 i worked with psychologists and felt a bit better after that , but i can &apos;t forget it .
and i would like to forget .
2005 - the year after - was the first and only time i went back to the sports hall .
i lost consciousness .
i will never go back there again and please do not ask me to show you where i sat in this famous picture .
survivors : georgij faniyev today , with a photo of himself in hospital after the siege on the laptop
my pain is monstrous and i wear it every day with me .
my friends know that i don &apos;t like to think about it or speak about it and they never asked me for school .
i am physically well off .
i should be careful with my wounded knee , but i can now run well .
but because of my health i could not study as i wanted at the fsb &apos;s secret service academy in st. petersburg .
i have sent my documents , including the medical ones , and you have replied that it is not possible .
my second passion was the animals , so i went to the veterinary institute .
i have already spent two years there .
he learns the treatment of all animals &quot; from cats to cows &quot; .
he said : &quot; i knew i would never tell my children about my experiences .
children should not know about this and they should not , of course , suffer it either .
his mother marina , 42 , said : &quot; this pain never leaves me .
it is in my soul , worse when the anniversary approaches .
i will go to the celebrations to commemorate .
i know that georgij will not go .
it must be much more violent for him because he was there and i did not .
i waited at home to him and could not help .
i am so grateful to god that he was returned to me , here in beslan all of them are drawn .
it remains within us .
georgij is now an adult , but this horror is still in him .
it is difficult to accept that when something is so unfair to you .
he is a boy , he likes sport , but he cannot take part because of his knees .
he has been operated on several times , he can run but he cannot do sport .
i would say that he has overcome the horror by 50 % , but you can never completely overlook it and forget it .
this terrible experience will always follow us .
many friends and neighbours were killed during the siege and this only increases my pain .
i lost many people i knew well and who were expensive .
my son is with me , and this is the greatest gift that god could make me , but my heart crying for the killed .
i know of families where new children were born , but also of widows who have never married again .
it is difficult to accept that life goes on , even if you do not want it .
i will never forget how my heart sprang in me when i saw him in the hospital .
and now i see what is happening in the world - wars in other regions .
what are these people fighting for ?
why are they killing each other ?
the war is now very close to our country and i can hardly believe it .
we used to be a friendly country , how can it be that we are fighting now ?
people and children are suffering , i am sure that many children have already been killed in ukraine and many more are still being killed .
if we could only grasp and throw all these rebels out , as far away as possible .
aljona tskajewa , 10
the baby , carried so seamlessly by a special safety command .
rescued : aljona tskajewa is safely transferred by a russian special operations command ( left ) .
she is now ten ( right ) and never remembers the cruelty .
the world held its breath in 2004 , when baby aljona was carried out by beslan in the arms of a russian policeman .
the terrorists left them , but in their cruelty kept their 30-year-old mother , the 10-year-old kristina and their brother makhar in the school hall .
makhar , three years old at the time , escaped , but aljonas &apos;s mother and sister died in the murderous slaughter .
her father , ruslan , has since married again and has a little girl with his new wife swetlana , that he named after his lost daughter kristina .
aljona , ten years old today , does not remember the siege and has grown up to a smart and happy girl , say neighbors .
&quot; you are now a great happy family and aljona and makhar are both great children , &quot; says a close friend .
ruslan is a fantastic father and wants to save you all the memories that raise with the tenth anniversary .
you will understand why .
man accused of overriding girls on the pedestrian passage in fife .
a 78-year-old man is on trial in fife for the passing of a three-year girl on a pedestrian crossing .
gordon steward is accused of having approached a girl on the transition in pittenween in east neuk .
the indictment claims that mr. steward has steered his audi q3 without the necessary care and attention and wounded the girl .
stewart , 78 , from anstruther , filed the accusation at the dundee sheriff court .
sheriff charles macnair qc started the procedure for january .
4 tips for better underwater photos and videos
if you like to take photos or videos under water , there is a selection of devices .
the cheapest option is a watertight point-and-shoot , such as the nikon coolpix aw120 or an action cam like the gopro hero3 + silver edition for both $ 300 and $ 300 .
i took these photos at a family party with several cameras , all available at a price below $ 350 .
regardless of the equipment , there are some rules for the best results .
check your equipment twice .
even if you have a waterproof camera , make sure that the battery compartment and other compartments are closed sealed .
also , put your camera on the photos or videos you want to record .
some cameras and camcorders have scene modes and recording modes to optimize exposure time for the dampened underwater conditions .
and before you jump into it , check to what depth your equipment is functional .
some cameras are only allowed for 5 feet , others 50 or 60 feet .
search our shopping guide and reviews for digital cameras for conventional and waterproof models .
take multiple shots - because many will not work .
point-and-shoot cameras have an lcd to compose images , action cams usually do not .
even if you have an lcd , it is difficult to watch it under water , and the correct image setting is a matter of luck .
so you take a lot of pictures .
if your camera has a row mode that lets you take a series of shots with slightly different exposure settings , use it .
stay close to the surface .
the light becomes dramatically worse as it moves away from the surface .
if possible , they will stay close to the surface when taking pictures in a pool , a lake or the sea .
this will also allow you to bring more color to your photos ; the deeper you go , the less color you will see .
go close to the objects .
this is also good advice on land , but it is all the more important under water because of the poor lighting conditions .
it is particularly important to work with an action cam : these devices often have a fixed wide-angle lens , which means that you have to attach more density to your objects if they are to fill the entire frame .
andrew lawson was a man of the variety whose character changed things , even in a gigantic organization like the nhs .
as an anaesthetic consultant , he devoted his career to the task of saving the sick both the agony of the disease and the torment of treatment .
among his patients , his wife remembers , was a mi6 employee who had to live with the devastating effects of torture .
lawson knew that doctors care about diagnosis and disease , while the treated are predominantly occupied with something quite different : pain .
one day in 2007 , however , he was the one whose path of passion began .
&quot; i didn &apos;t feel , &quot; he wrote in may this year .
i had difficulty getting up .
while fighting the flu like symptoms , he noticed that he was impatient in accusations of his wife juliet .
&quot; i want everything immediately rather than later , &quot; he noted .
when juliet was on a business trip for a week , lawson felt unusually and without reason worried .
something was in the air .
he asked a colleague to carry out an x-ray investigation of his breast .
only two weeks ago he was skiing in the french alps .
the result of the x-ray investigation was available .
he suffered from mesotheliom , an incurable cancer that attacks the chest fur , that is , the skin that overlaps the lungs .
as with most cancers , the exact cause is usually difficult to determine .
for example , while some smokers are ill from lung cancer , not all lung cancer patients have been smokers in the past .
but mesotheliom is different .
in almost all cases , the trigger is an asbestos load - contact with the fibre material , which was once considered &quot; miracle material &quot; but has since been recognized as lethal .
for most of us , mesotheliom is a disease that can be ignored as easily as possible .
asbestos is , after all , a product of the past .
the most dangerous type of asbestos has not been used in britain since the 1960s , when industry voluntarily pledged to stop using it .
even where it was still used , only people in certain sectors worked directly with the cloth – plumber , construction workers , carpentry workers and shipyard workers , for example .
as an industrial hazardous material from a different time , it seems to be hardly worrying today .
but this complacency is inappropriate .
britain , it seems , is now experiencing the climax of a mesoltheliom epidemic .
mesotheliom deaths are greater here than any other country in the world .
with a total of 2,500 deaths per year , twice as many people die from this disease as they do from road accidents .
annual mesothelium deaths since 1980 and expected future deaths in the uk
the reason we are now experiencing the lethal effects , even though asbestos has been illegal for years ( all types of asbestos were banned in 1999 ) is that a mesotheliom only developed after decades .
and the scourge of mesotheliom is not confined to former construction workers .
asbestos was , and is often still present , in the houses where we live , the offices in which we work , the schools in which we learn and the shops in which we buy .
and therefore mesotheliom knows no class barriers , financial limits , professions or age .
the privileged bastions , from the elegant department stores in london to private schools , are not a shelter .
parliament &apos;s buildings are asbestos contaminated .
even in the hospitals where we are supposed to be healthy , we have already been identified as the starting point for this deadly carcinogen .
andrew lawson was not old .
he was not a plumber either .
he was indeed hard to imagine where he might have been in contact with asbestos .
then he found it out .
&quot; it looks as if there was a lot of asbestos in the tunnels at the guy &apos;s hospital , where i was trained for six years . &quot; he wrote .
all - students , nurses , doctors and parish men - use the tunnels .
one wonders how many of my contemporaries will suffer from the same disease ?
unfortunately , he was able to answer this question at least in part .
&quot; of the four doctors trained at the guy &apos;s hospital and those who have been sick with mesothelioma for the last five years , &quot; he wrote in 2010 in a letter , &quot; i am still alive .
how many of us will be ill ?
andrew lawson diagnosed mesothelioma at the age of 48 .
when he died on 17 february this year , he was 55 .
this was an unusually long lifetime .
fifty per cent of all mesothelium characteristics die within 8 months of diagnosis .
the disease always ends in death .
we can therefore only repeat the question of lawson : &apos; how many of us will still suffer ? &apos;
britain ’ s leading expert on mesotheliom , professor julian peto , assumes that between 1870 and 2050 , if asbestos epidemic is expected to fall victim to a total of 90,000 in britain .
most of them do not know at the moment that they will die .
an asbestos mine in quebec , canada alamy
a quick look at the files of the courts , which the people concerned often apply for compensation , shows how widespread the mesotheliom scourge is .
in june this year , marks &amp; spencer , for example , admitted that he had negligently exposed janice to asbestos .
she worked for nine years for the chain , from 1978 to 1987 , and was responsible for the garment department at two locations , one of which was the flagship store at oxford street .
mrs. allen was only 18 years when she started her activity at m &amp; s .
now she has two children in the twenties .
&quot; before this thing , &quot; she says , &quot; i had never heard of mesotheliom , i did not even know anything about asbestos yet .
i never thought that would affect me .
there are few people who know a lot about asbestos .
the fact is that the term asbestos does not refer to a substance , but rather to a group of six minerals .
the name comes from the word &quot; asbestostiform &quot; , a description of the fibre structure , which makes the fabric resistant and flexible .
three of the six were used in the construction industry .
chrysotil , also known as white asbestos , is by far the most common asbestos found in buildings .
it was used for roof tiles , floor plates , rohri-insulation , boilers , even for brake pads in cars .
it is less lethal than other forms of asbestos , but it is still considered by the eu and the who as a &apos; great health risk &apos; with possible death .
however , the brown asbestos ( amosit ) and blue asbestos ( krokydolith ) are more dangerous .
britain was once the world &apos;s largest importer of brown asbestos , and experts suspect that &quot; there are clear , but indirect , indications that this was a major reason for uniquely high mesothelium rates . &quot;
a member of staff at marks &amp; spencer was at the flagship store in oxford street , london , asbestos exposed alamy
janice allen may not have seen herself as a typical mesotheliomo victim , but julian peto ’ s work suggests that her story is not unusual .
he has presented a study by those concerned , which states that &apos; a significant proportion of mesothelioma was caused by work without known suspension or presumably by asbestos contact in the environment in the home &apos; .
he said that a large part of these contacts is based on the &quot; normal use and aging &quot; of our buildings .
it seems that nobody can assume that they are safe .
a report by goddard consulting , which examined the westminster palace , shows how people , even at the heart of the government , could unknowingly have been exposed to the substance .
in 2009 , goddard reported that the service shafts and pipelines behind parliament &apos;s committee rooms were contaminated with asbestos , whose lethal fibers could be caused by something as harmless as &apos; strong air movements &apos; .
members of parliament are often accused of looking after their own interests , but it seems that this is the opposite .
while the directorate of the parliamentary labour service insisted that the westminster palace have received a &quot; clean health certificate &quot; , it is now undisputed that £ 1 billion of work must be spent several years to remove the general election .
the goddard report also pointed out that &apos; the existence of asbestos was not handled in accordance with the relevant provisions &apos; .
no one can know whether this mismanagement will cost lives .
all that can be done is wait .
a person who has never been able to determine the contact with asbestos is graham abbott , a general practitioner .
as andrew lawson suspects , the 50-year-old abbott is exposed to asbestos during his work in hospitals .
&quot; i worked in a hospital where asbestos complaints were made positive , &quot; he says , &quot; but i cannot prove it in my case .
it is so difficult to remember all the places where people worked and the data .
what he still remembers is the day at the beginning of december 2009 , when he got a kind of fever .
he was 45 and carried out an operation just late in the evening .
suddenly i was shaking .
it suddenly happened .
i felt horrible .
i thought i could no longer make the trip home .
as a doctor , abbott knew that the pain stemmed from the chest fur , the skin around its lungs .
but like janice allen he had no reason to suspect a mesotheliom .
he did not go to work for a month .
astonished doctors took x-ray pictures of his breast and use pleurakathether to extract fluid from the lungs and test it in the laboratory .
his complaints , however , remained undiagnosed .
his health improved slowly , and he returned to his job .
from time to time , however , the symptoms returned , often after exercise and intense breathing .
in 2011 , a patient came abbotts with similar symptoms in his practice and was later diagnosed with mesotheliom .
but even now , abbott did not link this with his own case .
after all , his patient was several decades older and had worked directly with asbestos .
the link in that case was clear .
in september 2011 , abbott ’ s state deteriorated again , and his family doctor brought his ct scans and x-ray recordings to a group of experts .
in december 2011 , exactly two years after abbott first felt sick , a probe equipped with a camera was introduced into the cave between the rib and the chest fur .
i am an optimist .
i usually carry on , &quot; he says .
frankly , i had not been so concerned .
but rachel , my wife , was concerned .
the biopsy was produced in the week between christmas and new year : &quot; i was told it was mesotheliom . &quot;
graham abbott : mesotheliom diagnosis
suddenly , abbott had appointments with macmillan nurses , one of whom recommended that he take a lawyer .
only now did he see the scale of the epidemic .
&quot; asbestos was found to be very common , especially in large public buildings where pipes were often isolated with asbestos , &quot; he says .
the people who were exposed to asbestos in these buildings are now suffering .
and so mesotheliom now meets younger people who have not worked in the typical professions .
the most dangerous tubes with asbestos insulation in hospitals were underground , so patients probably were not exposed to the substance .
but many of the employees who switched from one building to another in pedestrian tunnels ( such as andrew lawson ) or into underground canteens ( as graham abbott often did ) were most likely to contact with .
it is evident that , over several decades after the war , hospitals were potentially life-saving for patients , but life-threatening for the doctors concerned .
it is still being removed today .
students disposed of their bunsled burners on asbestos mats .
and it does not just concern hospitals .
asbestos has been used in offices , shops , libraries and city halls due to its fabulous insulating and flame retardant properties .
schools too .
in fact , many people probably had the first asbestos contact in the classroom .
throughout the country , in thousands of chemistry hours , students have put their bunsenburners on asbestos mats .
asbestos is often discussed on web pages in schools .
and meanwhile , innocent objects in our houses , such as floor plates or shingle panes , have by default included asbestos .
&quot; it is an industrial poison that is present in large parts of our properties , &quot; notes andrew morgan , the lawyer who represented andrew lawson in his trial against guy &apos;s hospital .
in one case , the only contact that was made to a woman affected was the demolition of a garden scalp in the 1970s .
so watch how you tear off your gardening scales .
the impact of the diagnosis , and the knowledge that the disease is incurable , is immense .
&quot; it takes a while to process it , &quot; says graham abbott .
i went back to work and tried to continue , but i realized that i could not focus on what i did .
i was in practice for two weeks .
then i knew i had to go and take care of myself .
well , i will not see another christmas .
the greatest difficulty was the change of perspective from a doctor to a patient &apos;s position .
like countless patients before him , he remembers how overwhelmed he was by all the information he had to deal with .
&quot; it was very difficult to take all of this on board , &quot; he says .
&quot; i asked my doctor &quot; how long have i left ? &quot;
and they gave me about 12 months .
i remember thinking , &quot; well , i will not see another christmas .
that was then . &apos;
mesothelioma is particularly insidious because it is our life-support mechanism - breathing itself - that causes fatal cancer .
most cases of mesotheliom are caused by asbestos contact .
asbestos consists of the smallest fibres .
when the asbestos is purified and the fibers are inhaled , they can be fixed in the chest fur , the skin around the lungs .
asbestos fibers irritate the chest fur and can trigger cell mutations .
&quot; the problem arises with the inhaled needle-shaped asbestos fibres , &quot; says professor tom treasure , a heart thorax doctor who joined the guy &apos;s hospital in 2001 .
the very hospital andrew lawson suspects that he has exposed him to asbestos is now ironically a leading centre in the treatment of mesothelioma .
treasure knew lawson and treated some others , who were probably exposed to asbestos during their hospital training .
as soon as asbestos needles reach the lung tissue , treasure says , &quot; they are pushed from the breath to the edge where the skin is .
it is invasive from the outset by nature .
the usual options for other cancer are not working well for mesothelioma .
the effectiveness of an operation , for example , is highly controversial .
some people think it is worth trying .
treasure denies that .
&quot; you cannot cut out the chest fur , &quot; he says .
they don &apos;t get around with the knife .
meanwhile , the cancer &quot; on chemotherapy does not speak very well , &quot; the &quot; effect shows &quot; , but does not heal .
&quot; sometimes there are long-stay survivors , &quot; says treasure .
but in the end they all die .
fortunately , some patients actually live long , much longer than expected .
the author stephen jay gould died 20 years after the diagnosis .
two and a half years after his own diagnosis , graham abbott is still fighting .
after contacting mesotheliom , abbott came into contact with andrew lawson , who had become a one-man support and advisory office for those affected four years after his diagnosis .
&quot; hello , cancer center , &quot; he cheerfully presented himself on calls .
&quot; he was very positive , &quot; says abbott .
he had received his diagnosis 4 years earlier and was still very active .
abbott had originally offered six chemotherapy cycles that lasted four months and would probably only prolong his life by one month .
&quot; i was desperate , &quot; he says .
i wanted to give up .
lawson managed , however , to &apos; make things appear in a slightly more positive light &apos; .
after consulting several doctors , abbott decided to continue his treatment with prof. loic lang-lazdunski , heart thorax specialist at the guy &apos;s .
&quot; we had an advantage by not having to be redirected , i simply called and got an appointment , &quot; says graham .
a normal patient would have to receive a transfer and wait for the treatment to be approved .
money is essential for mesotheliom-sufferers to be able to take advantage of the best available therapies .
but when these treatments finally inevitably fail , many people are concerned about another financial concern - about the future of the families they leave behind .
and so they turn to the courts in the hope of compensation .
andrew lawson contacted field fisher waterhouse llp .
&quot; it has been known since 1898 that asbestos is extremely dangerous to health , &quot; morgan says .
but what changed in the 1960s was that it was recognized that very low levels of stress also represented a health risk .
and here , corporate negligence began to play a role .
andrew lawson and guy &apos;s hospital eventually joined the case , but it was not what morgan calls a &quot; full compensation &quot; because lawson could not prove with absolute certainty .
however , after his death , a guy spokesman confirmed that &quot; the asbestos fibers in the basement area affected were removed in the 1990s . &quot;
that was too late for andrew lawson .
how to remove asbestos
indeed , mesotheliom-sufferers seeking compensation face a huge problem of asbestos contact with a company or a job – usually decades after the incident .
many of their former employers have been sold or closed .
insurance documents may be lost .
and those who oppose claims know that time is for them , but certainly not with the plaintiffs .
in response , there have been clear new legislation this year , making it easier for mesotheliom-affected people to claim compensation even if their former employers are no longer able to find it .
the law has established a £ 350 million fund , funded by the insurance industry , for all diagnosed after july 2012 , but not anyone can sue .
in these cases , the plaintiff will receive 80 % of what a court could have awarded them in a normal compensation process - around £ 120,000 .
approximately 300 successful applications for the programme are expected each year .
andrew morgan , like so many mesotheliom sufferers , thinks that £ 350 million is a &quot; very good job &quot; of the insurance industry .
&quot; this is a deal of insurers for insurers , &quot; he says , and indicates that this sum is a quarter of what insurers would have had to pay if the time had not gone beyond it .
mike penning , then minister of labour and pension , also admitted that the law was &apos; not perfect &apos; .
but both penning and morgan admitted that , with seven deaths , rapid action is needed every day .
&quot; people are suffering so much and need help today , &quot; said penning during the second hearing of the mesotheliom law in december last year .
at that time graham abbott was in the hands of prof. loic lang-lazdunski for 19 months .
after her first consultation , lang-lazdunski recommended an operation which , unlike tom treasure , he expected to have a positive effect .
this was accompanied by radiotherapy and chemotherapy - a triple therapy that can present a survival rate of up to 40 % over five years .
abbott felt strengthened .
&quot; that is of course the most important thing , &quot; says abbott .
this is always evident in patients .
there is something you can do on .
if you give up , you will quickly get worse .
graham abbott underwent the operation in march 2012 .
at the end of august , he had the last of the six chemotherapy cycles behind him .
aftercare scanners showed no sign of the disease .
then i had a scan in march 2014 .
there were several cancer spots around my breast .
i have just been 50 .
that is not life-threatening .
that is a life-long process .
abbott underwent six chemotherapy cycles again .
now there is no trace of tumors visible .
but the process is physically and psychologically very demanding .
you have to think about practical things - about money when i am no longer , for example , or my wife &apos;s show how boiler time is working .
if you receive bad news , you will be negative .
they must look to the future .
as the father of ellie , 16 , and tamsin , 14 , this is not always easy .
&quot; it is difficult for parents , &quot; he says .
it is hard to know what to say and how much to say .
when i first received my diagnosis , i said to my girl that i had a disease that i would not be old with .
they reacted very differently .
tamsin is very sociable and unstupid .
she told her friends and we received a lot of calls soon .
ellie was more reticent .
she did not say much .
such talks are something all cancer patients must go through .
but , for mesothelium features , such talks are not hopelessly endured , not by a trace of hope for survival .
the disease ( as well as ultimately for stephen jay gould ) provides a grim security .
as andrew morgan says , &quot; mesotheliom is not life-threatening .
body of balanced pharaohs wrapped in asbestos clothing
asbestos fibres used for enhancing the boiling pots and for greater heat resistance .
plinius the elder describes asbestos .
a fabric that is not combustible was developed .
i saw serviets from this at festive dinners in the fireplaces .
the use of modern commercial asbestos begins in italy , where it is used to produce paper ( including banknotes ) and fabric .
important asbestos mines are opened in canada and south africa and shortly thereafter in america , italy and russia .
it is the ideal insulation material for the industrial revolution &apos;s steam engines and turbines .
global asbestos production is increasing to more than 30,000 tonnes per year .
prudential statisticians identify premature death rates for those who work with asbestos , and they no longer receive life insurance .
nellie kershaw dies in rochdale .
dr william cooke says that asbestos particles in the lung are the main cause of death &quot; without any reasonable doubt .
this is the first case of this kind .
kershaw &apos;s employer , turner bros asbestos , is not liable .
no compensation is paid .
during world war ii , ships are being built intensively , one of the most deadly installations with asbestos contact .
voluntary abandonment of the industry ’ s import of blue asbestos
an appeal court confirms the first successful personal injury action in the uk for contact with asbestos .
global asbestos production is increasing to more than 4,213,000 tonnes per year .
britain imports 139,000 tonnes .
a health and safety educational in the uk requires all companies working with asbestos to purchase licenses .
the import and use of blue and brown asbestos are prohibited by law in the uk .
any use of asbestos is prohibited in the uk .
the mesotheliom law is passed in the united kingdom .
a compensation programme of £ 350 million is announced .
asbestos is banned in more than 50 countries , but white asbestos is still used as cheap building materials in many countries of the world .
worldwide production is approximately 2 million tonnes per year .
china refuses to allow hong kong to vote in government , while demonstrators swear retaliation
on sunday , despite the increased calls for democratic reform , the chinese parliament decided against nominating candidates for the 2017 elections by the hong kong electorate .
this approach probably fueled the long-awaited protests in hong kong ’ s business district , while activists launched planning and mobilization within hours of the announcement .
the decision of the chinese people ’ s congress basically allows communist leaders to reject all non-beijing candidates .
&quot; this is not unexpected , but it is angry , &quot; said legal expert emily lau , leader of the democratic party .
that is not what beijing had promised .
the people of hong kong have been lied to .
and it is clear that we are dealing with an authoritarian regime .
in defending the chinese decision , li fei , deputy secretary general of the permanent committee of the national people &apos;s congress , said that allowing public nominations in the hong kong government elections would be too &apos; chaotic &apos; .
since 1997 , when britain returned control of hong kong to the chinese , beijing has promised to let the inhabitants elect the government presidency from 2017 .
the chinese leadership presented sunday ’ s decision as a democratic breakthrough because hong kong ’ s citizens have direct voting rights , but the decision also makes clear that china ’ s leaders remain firmly controlled by a nomination committee .
a new clause also states that only candidates with love for hong kong should be allowed .
the decision follows a summer when some of hong kong &apos;s largest and most public-sector protests have been held for several years .
behind the pro-democracy campaign in hong kong is the occupy central movement with love and peace , whose organizers have threatened to close off the financial district if beijing does not allow a genuine general rule of law .
on sunday evening , within hours of the announcement , hundreds of occupy-central-supporters gathered in the rain before hong kong ’ s government headquarters .
during the demonstration , the organisers said that their movement had reached a new level of civil disobedience and that they were planning protest waves in the coming weeks .
however , they did not provide any details , apparently in order to avoid problems with the authorities .
in an online communication , the organisers informed us that the movement &quot; the occupation of the central district was only considered as a last resort , an action that should only take place if all the opportunities for dialogue are not exhausted .
we are sorry to say that all the opportunities for dialogue have been exhausted today and the occupation of the central district will definitely take place .
hong kong authorities have been preparing for the beijing announcement for days , and security measures were tightened in front of the government building on sunday , including police forces and barricades .
the unrest is reinforced by the feeling of many in hong kong that they are slowly losing control of their city .
the entry of people from the mainland increases competition for products and services .
there is also growing fear that hong kong ’ s values , such as democracy and freedom of speech , are starting to crumble under the growing pressure of beijing .
some criticised the occupy central movement ’ s demonstrations , putting the business – hong kong ’ s lifeline – at risk .
&quot; the protests you talk about could cause great economic damage , depending on how many people are involved in it and how long it will last , &quot; said legal expert regine ip , who has long criticised the movement .
we do not want to raise fears that hong kong will get out of control .
that impression is bad for investment .
china ’ s state-controlled media recently reported about hong kong ’ s democracy activists as subversive agents , led by western powers .
this summer , activists organised an unofficial referendum on electoral rights , which took place with 780,000 people - more than one-fifth of hong kong &apos;s voters .
in july , tens of thousands participated in one of the largest democratic demonstrations in the region ’ s history .
the tradition of us school diplomas is now being transferred to universities where freshmen are offered on private aircraft .
we are looking forward to meeting this demand and offering the first luxury travel service in the uk for students today .
to make a particularly impressive appearance at the university , the company also offers transport options such as private aircraft , rolls-royce phantom , aston marten or mclaren p1 .
mr. stewart also said that the service has a security division .
this service is an ideal alternative for students who would otherwise have to carry their belongings through the country in a dangerous car .
together with our new vif options , we look forward to ensuring that students reach the university with a minimum of effort and maximum of luxury this year .
a spokesman said that there were no new bookings , since the service had just been introduced , but added that &quot; students would book the service in the next few weeks &quot; .
the company also announced that it would expect a market for this offer despite the tuition fees of £ 9,000 per year .
students today differ greatly in their expectations and ambitions from students 10 , 20 , 30 or 40 years ago - it is more important than ever to make a great first impression , and with vif that is what you can do .
the national student union , however , criticised the service as being removed .
megan dunn , vice president of the nus for higher education said : &quot; this offer seems completely separate from the life of the majority of students .
many students who start studying this month are facing a crisis of living costs , as the available financial assistance in the form of loans and scholarships can not keep with the soaring bills of the simple living conditions , so they can keep away .
feminists criticize racial issues and police behavior after ferguson
the unarmed teenager was killed at the beginning of this month by a police officer in ferguson , mo .
the participants raised their hands into the air and sang , &quot; hands high , not shoot , &quot; while waiting for the burial .
after two weeks of protests in ferguson , mo , due to the shooting of the unarmed teenager michael brown , the blogger miriam zoila perez noticed a change in the white discussion .
in their experience , white feminist commentators set gender before race when it comes to addressing reproduction law and income inequality .
but , while tensions in the middle west increased and received attention throughout the country , perez saw that white women ’ s responses turned 100 % around the race .
compared to the responses of black women shortly after the shots of 9 august , the personal essays came with titles like &quot; thoughts to ferguson of a white woman &quot; and &quot; feminism is not relatively late women &apos;s .
but for perez , that was an important change .
&quot; i do not think that feminism is the place for many people who are about white and speak of privileges in such a high class way , &quot; she said .
people felt compelled to express their views on the events .
it is characteristic of the crisis we are in and of the ethnicity of the ferguson situation that you must express .
ferguson , a professor of english at ohio state university , revealed problems to which black americans are exposed every day but not considered to be &apos; women &apos;s issues &apos; in the cultural space .
&quot; i can publish something funny on facebook about myself and my partner and get 150 likes from anywhere , &quot; said mitchell .
when i post something about how colored people in their own country are under siege , silence is deafening .
&quot; how can women be sure to speak publicly about a relationship , but not about public security ? &quot; she asked .
for black women like mitchell , who have studied race , gender , and sexuality in the history of the us , there is no dichotomy between race and gender problems .
for them , black women have not had the luxury of cleanly separating issues ; they live every day in the combined reality .
while white women now combine the themes of race and gender in feminist mainstream circles , angela hattery , professor of women and gender research at george mason university , says the opposite of her predecessor , germason .
&quot; between 1865 and 1890 at least 10,000 black men were gelyncht and the justification was almost always the rape of a white woman , &quot; said hattery .
white women had to be involved in history to justify the lynch murder .
for hattery , the split between white and black women came at the point where white fighters for women ’ s election law , such as susan b. anthony , successfully analyzed the country in the late 19th-century .
&quot; they made the decision to stand up for women &apos;s election law , and the right to vote for black was to come later , &quot; said hattery .
when you think of such things , you can see with power why colored women don ’ t trust white women .
we have not done our job well .
we have never helped black women protect their husbands and sons .
even after women were granted the right to vote in 1920 , it took a decade for white women to oppose the lynch in the association of southern woman for the prevention of lynching .
the group was established almost 40 years after the original request for help from black women , says mitchell .
for mitchell , the flood of white feminist responses to the issues raised by ferguson - police behavior , racial discrimination - has been a mirror of the times when white feminists &apos; catch each other .
&apos;would it not be great if the activists who have such traditional feminist platforms have the right to raise a child as seriously as they do with the right to fractional control ? &apos;
feminists of the second generation who built up their careers in the struggle for reproductive rights and access to contraceptive funds are now trying to understand what that means .
the well-known white feminist activist gloria steiner went to facebook two weeks after the shooting of michael brown , and published a poised article by rebecca carroll , she asked for more .
&quot; i hope that women who have another but parallel reason to understand a danger inherent in the body - and opinions on the race that will be very different in public surveys - will lead to changes . &quot;
although steiner stands for a more intersectional feminism , which addresses issues of race as well as gender , some of her comments on the racial issue in america are nevertheless puzzled .
&quot; the most recent example of this is the &quot; new york times &quot; , which is the most important part of the american enterprise institute , &quot; the most recent example of the american science institute , the &quot; the american science institute for science and technology .
there are now hundreds of special programmes for girls and young women , but almost nothing for boys .
but when the white house recently launched a small program , my brother &apos;s keeper , to help vulnerable young black and hispanic men , there was annoying reaction from many feminists .
the police ’ s relationship with the black community is not the only problem that is pushing into the foreground of mainstream feminism .
after the us border police took up almost 63,000 unaccompanied minors on the southwest border of the country this year , the issue of immigration reform is again coming to the surface - this time as a women &apos;s issue .
andrea mercado , co-chair of we belong together , an organisation that mobilises women for immigration reform , said that for a reconsideration of the issue , it must be only a key women &apos;s issue .
&quot; these speak for themselves , &quot; said mercado .
when the vast majority of the working visas go to male immigrants , the women who accompany them are in a position where they are vulnerable to domestic violence and exploitation .
&quot; these stories find a lasting feature in women &apos;s organisations , &quot; she said .
&quot; schweine-haus &quot; in ipswich is on sale
the image of a house for sale was removed from real estate agents when it became clear that it showed a large pig that it had made comfortable in the living room .
the detached house has one bedroom , is located on a private street in ipswich and is offered for £ 120,000 .
the details included a picture of the house &apos;s living room - including a pig that had its head beamed to a sofa .
real estate agent connells said that the pig in the photo was the owner &apos;s pet .
&quot; the photo was erroneously published and has since been removed &quot; said a spokesman of the company .
in the exposé of the house , connells described the former assembly house as a &quot; unique one-bedroom family house . &quot;
although the broker has removed the image from the website , it still appears on advertising material .
the sale of houses caused interest in the social media when some asked whether the pig was included in the purchase price .
harvey , the swan city , is home to a new millionaire after lottery win .
a lottoplayer from harvey is out this month .
the search for a new millionaire in southwest perth continues , with a happy winner who will receive almost $ 1.1 million from the lottery draw on saturday .
a newspaper kiosk in harvey pulled the jackpot for the second time in five years in the drawing of the first division , after $ 1 million in november 2009 .
the lucky winner , however , has to register .
the shop owner steve forward said that the profit care for talking material in the small town in the southwest of perth .
the city is not talking about anything else , and everyone is quite excited .
we thought that such a gain could occur .
eight wa winners celebrated prizes in the first division last month , a fitting conclusion for a few happy weeks for the players in the state .
last week , a canning vale player became one of the five millionaires in august , after a couple of weeks ago from belmont had made the mega gain of $ 7.5 million .
the winning couple had been playing for 20 years and said that the prize allows them the possibility of a world trip and the purchase of a new house .
the millionaire from harvey is the 59th winner of the first division in the wa this year , with a total of almost $ 85 million .
leonidas asked for the gladiatorenarena
not only the gladiators were ankle deep in the matsch at the first römertag in the leisure park .
but the attraction of the event was strong enough to attract well over 1000 visitors yesterday , who defied the rainshowers and the autumn cold and were completely enthusiastic about the historical spectacle .
there was a colourful range of representations , performances , games , exhibits and information about the roman era and its importance to the rhineland .
the main attraction of the day was undoubtedly the martial fighting force of the gladiator school &quot; amor mortis &quot; , which used every rainy break to preach their fighting art in parisian martial sand .
gladiator owners &quot; leonidas &quot; proved to be a humorous and knowledgeable presenter and sent his men into the ring for a heroic duel in various gladiators. the two men were killed .
first , the &quot; provocators &quot; were in the line with rectangle shield and short-sword , as well as leg on the left leg and arm rail on the right arm .
the &quot; essedarii &quot; with chest shield , short sword and litter lance , and iron gladiator helmet , legs and arm protection followed .
the &quot; retiarius &quot; , which took the throat net , dreizzack and dolch against the &quot; secutor &quot; and , after a short fight , hit the burns .
since the swords clashed metalically , the shields rolled and the litters flown surrently through the arena that could become a fear and fear for the health of the glass .
but on them was the imposing &quot; summa rudis &quot; , the muscular referee , an always attentive eye .
&quot; we wanted to revive the everyday life of rome and to make the culture of the roman age visible , &quot; said lorenz euskirchen , chairman of the organizer &quot; freundeskreis inrömerkanal &quot; .
after two years of preparation , the leisure park became a &quot; oppidum romanum &quot; for a day , a roman city , as vice mayor claus wehage stated in his greeting .
after all , the romans have not only brought war and conquest to our region , but also roman culture and numerous buildings that we still admire today .
the remains of this were also to be seen during the roman day , such as &quot; aqueduct marble &quot; from the eleven metre-high and 1400-metre-long römerkanal bridge , which once stood at lüftelberg .
the frontinus society once and now confronted the water and energy supply , and managing director petra fricke knew : &quot; we still benefit from the knowledge of the past &quot; .
this is also confirmed by diplom-surveying engineer ralph heiliger of the &quot; engineerteamzweiten &quot; from rheinbach , who presented surveying instruments of the romans such as chorobat , groma or dioptra .
the romans villa in blankenheim presented the drawings and models of the excavations of anno 1894 , and bricks from the original hypocoat , the warm heater , which once existed in the roman period .
also impressive are the footprints left by wolf and fox in the clay footsteps two millennia ago , before they were burned .
in 2011 , the office for soil preservation at the rheinland regional association had excavated the remains of a roman villa at the nord industrial park in rheinbach .
the walls of an economic building with a darre for drying cereals and for mammals have been found .
the building probably belonged to a villa rustica , an agricultural estate , explained the archaeologist dr. jennifer morschiser .
a number of finds from these excavations presented them in a glass display , including a large plate , several fine glass vessels and parts of a decorative necklace .
morschiser suspects the villa from the first to the fourth century ad , until the fall of the germans in the then roman rhineland .
the children also employed the roman windmill game , similar to the mill game today , or they wrote their names on wax panels , as the roman students did .
at the stand of the römerthermen zülpich , the children were allowed to lay mosaics themselves , tinder at the glass museum rheinbach glass mosaics and serve at the centre of nature a .
the original roman vans , built by two cold blossoms , went through the recreational park and passed the impressive state of the urban gymnasium &quot; here , the project results of the two schools .
with a week of romans from september 13th to 21st , the municipality of wachtberg will also be hosting the 2014 rhineland römer-year , which is supposed to remind of the death of emperor augustus 2000 years ago .
together with the heimat- and historischverungen as well as the wachtberger wander-verein , the partnership association and the laienspielkreis oberbachem , among others .
for example , a roman legionnaire is told of his work on the zugene wachtberg , presents plants as living roman monuments and provides a funny lesson in international understanding .
the adendorf primary school is dedicated to the topic of the romans in the course of a project week .
the romans ’ week is intended to make the numerous traces of the romans in wachtberg , which are often not visible at first glance , more visible .
the wachtberger rathaus will remind you of the finds of the berkum matron sanctuary in 1879 .
ebola : the epidemic is burdening west africa ’ s economy
the ebola epidemic in west africa is also a severe blow to the economy .
markets are orphaned - and international companies are distancing themselves .
the devastating ebola epidemic is a heavy blow to the economy of west africa .
the harvest is rotting in the fields , the mines are leaving and the markets are orphaned - the virus has been a heavy hit in the region .
some international companies are already on the sidelines .
&quot; the ebola epidemic is not only a medical crisis , but also an economic one , &quot; the head of the african development bank , donald kaberuka , judged .
liberia is the hardest hit
&quot; it is a total disaster , we lose a lot of money , &quot; says alhaji bamogo , who sells clothing in the second largest market in liberia &apos;s capital , monrovia .
only those who want to buy food or something to disinfect ebola can be placed on the market .
liberia is the most severely affected by the virus , and the fever alone has claimed more than 600 lives .
recently , health authorities said that the disease had penetrated every corner of the country .
the virus has spread in guinea , sierra leone and nigeria as well .
in total , more than 1 500 people have died , and thousands more have died .
foreign firms ’ employees
companies are running all over the resource-rich countries .
foreign companies such as the steel company arcelor mittal are discouraging their employees , and several international airlines are no longer flying to the affected regions .
local traders and farmers are also responding : few merchants still leave their homes to supply supplies .
in some areas of sierra leone and liberia , which are quarantine , the cocoa and coffee beans important for export are among the rots on the fields .
farmers do not dare to leave their homes for harvest .
food
&quot; people will travel less and less , &quot; says phillipe de vreyer , paris expert on the economy of west africa .
for example , the man who normally goes to the market and sells his vegetables would rather stay at home .
the population is therefore feeling the effects of the epidemic directly and urgently : food is scarce .
in the markets , supplies of basic foodstuffs such as rice are dwindling .
at the same time , the region , which is heavily dependent on international companies , is threatening to suffer an image damage , with far-reaching consequences .
the greatest danger is that international companies will always avoid the area for a long time , says philippe hugon of the french think tank iris .
the crucial question is how far and how long the virus will spread .
the impression that investors have of living and investing in guinea , sierra leone and liberia may be &quot; that it is dangerous &quot; warns hugon .
the disease also strains states ’ tight budgets
the disease also affects the already tight state budgets of the states concerned .
the rating agency moody &apos;s fears that its budgets will be heavily strained by the high spending on the health system and , in addition , by the worsening economy .
the african development bank has already promised to provide the countries ’ health systems with usd 60 million ( eur 45 million ) .
the effects are also being felt in nigeria , where so far few ebola cases have been diagnosed .
it is true that the oil-rich region of the southern niger delta has not been affected .
but elsewhere , many people already stay at home for fear of contagion .
reservations in hotels also fall significantly .
protect your 50th anniversary celebrates your 50th anniversary .
the schützenverein &quot; tannenwald &quot; berngau celebrates its 50th anniversary from 12 to 14 september .
the 50th anniversary of the foundation festival from 12 to 14 september is being prepared at the schützenverein tannenwald .
the event will be held on friday , 12 september , a great evening of entertainment with the dorfrocker group .
on saturday , the big böllershooting takes place at 6 pm .
the evening of the mood with the &quot; stoapfalzer spitzbuam &quot; is afterwards in the large fenced tent .
the brass band provides for music .
the highlights on sunday are the feast service and 9.30 a.m. in the parish church and the large fortress at 2 p.m.
in the afternoon , the price distribution of the federal and the gauge is also available .
the 25 ladies with their dirndln will be a particularly beautiful sight .
the festkapelle is the brass band berngau .
the patron is mayor wolfgang wild and secretary of state albert füracker .
the original name &quot; schützengesellschaft tannenwald berngau &quot; dates from 1907 , when the society for &quot; social entertainment by means of exercise in room and small calibre shooting &quot; was founded on march 21 .
the nazi regime had dissolved the association in 1937 .
only in 1964 did 19 young men find themselves again , who on 30 april in the gasthaus lukas raised the &quot; new &quot; shooting club &quot; tannenwald &quot; berngau from baptism .
karl märz and adolf ried led the association as a shootmaster through a difficult early period , where the primary aim was to find a club club club and install the shooting company .
already in the autumn of 1965 the schützenverein in the gasthaus &quot; leininger &quot; started with two teams in the round competitions .
in the following years , the sport shooters , who were now organized into seven teams , established themselves in all classes up to the first gaulle .
the club records were purtling every year and the magic border of 380 rings was first reached by rudi meier in 1980 .
as the performance of the active shooters has increased , the number of members has also developed positively .
after the club &quot; leininger &quot; no longer met the requirements of a modern shooting club , the former board of directors under the leadership of johann rinn decided to open a new restaurant in the basement .
after a work performance of 2700 hours , parish strasser gave the church blessing on 8 may 1988 for the new shooters &apos; rooms .
one of the great highlights in the club &apos;s history was certainly the 44th gathering , coupled with the solemn consecration of the new shooters &apos; flag in july 1991 .
on 23 and 24 april 1994 the schützenverein celebrated its 30th anniversary .
in 1995 , a böllergroup was established .
josef schmalzl has been a böllerrechent .
the focus of the bavarian böllertreffen 2005 was a great challenge for the &quot; böllertreffen &quot; and for the association as a whole .
in many hours of volunteer work , the club members modernized the premises and shooting facilities at the berngauer hof last year , thus bringing them up to date with the latest technology .
eleven runners
the sporting achievements of the shooters &apos; association can also be seen .
altogether , eleven teams are currently participating in the round competitions : six air rifle teams , one air gun team , one sports gun k1 , one youth and two ah teams .
the first team with lars ellrich , katharina ellrich , steffi grad and kerstin kellermann joined the gau league in round 2013 / 14 ( highest league in the engau ) .
the second team with verena moosburger alexandra meier , eva schuhmann and tobias graml joined the gaulinga nord in the gauoberliga .
besides shooting , events such as bockstecks , carnival and kings ball , club excursion and christmas party have a tradition .
the patrons are also present at the festivals in parish and parish .
tony stewart is in the throes of an accident when he returns to the race track
tony stewart &apos;s return to the race track ended about half way through his race on the atlanta motor speedway .
stewart drove against the wall for the second time after his front ripe burst in round 172 and finished his evening .
stewart drove his damaged car into the garage and left it without talking to journalists .
chad johnston , his team leader , said that his 14-strong team was disappointed , but is now concentrating on the race next weekend in richmond , virginia .
&quot; i wish we had a better commitment and a better result for him , &quot; said johnston .
we are going to richmond and hope we can do better there .
stewart already drove to a wall at the sunday evening race after a collision with kyle busch and had his car repaired .
&apos;i have rightly pinpointed good hopes for a good result today , &apos; said johnston and added , &apos; it just did not work &apos; .
not long after the second accident , stewarts wagons were loaded into the tractor and the team had packed and was ready to leave .
stewart dropped three nascar sprint cup races after his car met and killed another driver in an ash landing in the north of new york state .
he decided to return this week and win a seat in the pursuit either in atlanta or at the next race in richmond .
he returned to his job , during an investigation into the tragic incident that led to the death of the 20-year-old kevin ward jr . , who had embarked on a career path during a race to confront stewart .
the authorities informed on friday that the investigation into the cause of the accident would continue for at least two weeks .
no decision has yet been made as to whether stewart can expect charges .
the three-time champion was received with great applause when presented before the race .
after a start at the 12th position , stewart had already just passed into the first 10 and was temporarily placed fourth .
after a restart in round 122 , busch ripped
the no . 18 cart was out of control after the exit from bend 2 and collided with stewart , both cars drove against the wall .
stewart continued , but fell back to place 21 .
young dancers looking for dancing
simply try out : laura , lena , lisa , marie , bettina , emma and leader lisa neitzel ( from left ) are looking forward to co-arguing .
like many other clubs , the jazz groups on the tv jahn create all-day classes at secondary schools .
after the summer holidays , some groups decimated themselves .
now we are looking for more and more young people for a sport that is healthy and fun .
in the two jazz and modern dance groups of lisa neitzel , formerly dancer in the jazz and modern dance formation &quot; spirits &quot; , only nine children are still .
&quot; three in the group of eight-twelve , six in the group of twelve to fifteen , &quot; says the 20-year-old .
with more active it would be much more fun , &quot; you could dance different choreographies &quot; , she says .
if you want to dance , you can enjoy a dance in the dance room at the former hotel meyer , freistraße 9 , which is open from 5 pm to 6 pm or friday , between 5 pm and 6 pm .
&quot; the training starts regularly with a warming up program , &quot; says the trainer .
after that , various choreographies are practised .
jazzdance has the characteristic that there is no defined form and is therefore open to many styles .
elements from folklore , classical to sports and acrobatics are processed in jazz dance .
of course , social activities are also important .
&quot; we go out for dinner , watch dance films and we have also stayed in the dance room , &quot; lisa neitzel reports .
in the group you can make friends , share a beautiful hobby and do a lot for your own motor development .
if jazz dance is not so , it can be snuffed into one of the other offers of the jahn tv .
children and young people can always snuff into the classroom on wednesdays in the areas of child dance / jazz dance , bambini ballet , videoclip-dancing and hip-hop .
the dance trainer is francisco afonso .
adult couples are welcome to dance evenings on monday and wednesday .
if you want to discover discofox , slow walzer , wiener walzer , rumba , cha-cha and tango , you can take a look and join .
bulgarian prison monitors protests nationwide
hundreds of prison staff from all over bulgaria have organised a nationwide protest in the capital , sofia , in front of the ministry of justice .
in the peaceful demonstration , they repeated their demands for the restoration of their old working conditions , which were recently changed .
higher salaries are also on a list of demands to be discussed with the interim justice minister hristo ivanov .
officials have been protesting symbolically for a month against the new working hours and are calling for a return to the former 24-hour layers .
despite the meetings between the union of prison staff and representatives of the ministry of justice , no agreement was reached , the bulgarian national ratio ( bnr ) reported .
the negotiations are ongoing , the director-general for the implementation of criminal measures , roses zhelyazkov shared the bnr .
the protest of prison staff is expected to be supported by members of the union union union of the ministry of the interior workers .
ukrainian army has given up luhansk airport
in eastern ukraine , the prorussian fighters are still on the rise .
after heavy battles , supposedly involving russian tank battalions , the ukrainian army has today , monday , abandoned luhansk rebel airport .
the army also announced that seven soldiers have been killed in the last 24 hours .
ukrainian president petro poroshenko had previously drawn personal consequences from the heavy defeat of his army in the fight against the separatists and announced changes in the supreme army leadership , without mentioning details .
prorussian separatists shoot plane from the airport
in the fight against ukrainian government troops , prorussian separatists have again , according to their own accounts , shot a fighter plane and two military helicopters .
moreover , some 100 soldiers were injured or killed in battles in the donetsk region , according to the insurgents on monday sharing russian agencies .
coastal guard ships sunk
the insurgents also claimed that for the first time in the azov sea , two boats from the ukrainian coastguard sank .
ukraine &apos;s border guard confirmed that two of its ships had been under fire on sunday near the port city of mariupol .
seven border guards were injured , a spokesman in kiev said to the station 112 , uah .
two crew members were considered missing .
local media blamed russia for the incident .
the separatists also reported that they had brought several towns in the donetsk region under their control .
diplomatic offensive in minsk
today , the ukraine contact group is meeting in the belarusian capital minsk .
alongside representatives of ukraine , russia and the osce , a representative of the separatists from eastern ukraine should also be present .
in advance , all the actors used their performances to publicise their claim .
nato does not break agreements with russia
nato will not break its agreement with russia due to the planned stationing in eastern europe as a result of the ukraine crisis .
nato secretary general anders fogh rasmussen said on monday in brussels that nato is following the founding agreement of the nato / russia council of 1997 .
the nato leader , however , accused russia of &quot; a gross breach &quot; of the agreement .
&quot; today we must face the reality that russia does not regard nato as a partner , &quot; rasmussen said .
documents and opinions from the russian side show that they regard us as opponents .
stronger nato presence
rasmussen has also announced that he will strengthen nato &apos;s presence in eastern europe .
a readiness action plan to be adopted at the nato summit in wales will ensure that &apos; we will have a more visible nato presence in the east as long as necessary &apos; , said rasmussen on monday in brussels .
kiev and moscow agree on new gas talks
russia and ukraine have officially agreed on new talks to settle their gas dispute .
the negotiations are scheduled for next saturday , said the russian energy minister alexander nowak on monday .
a decision by the european union is still being awaited to send a representative to the talks .
because of the dispute over the price of gas , ukraine has not been receiving fuel from russia for weeks .
last but not least , eu energy commissioner günther oettinger broke the gap between the two sides .
ukraine had warned that russia could also cut off gas supplies to europe .
europe is producing around one third of its natural gas from russian sources , much of which is channelled through ukraine .
merkel speaks power : toll will come &quot; very clearly &quot;
now the chancellor is once again clearly committed to this .
however , it is not a carte blanche for all the complicated details .
persistent concerns from the cdu against the car toll have grasped the csu increasingly .
chancellor angela merkel , following persistent resistance from her cdu , has spoken in favour of introducing a toll on cars .
&quot; to put it bluntly , it is in the coalition treaty and it will come , &quot; said the party leader on monday after meetings of the cdu governing bodies in berlin .
but merkel did not commit himself to a detailed model for the time being .
the black and red government programme refers to &apos; certain parameters &apos; .
the federal minister for transport , alexander dobrindt ( csu ) , &apos; made a proposal and this is now being continued &apos; .
the nrw-cdu , however , insists on its no to a toll on all roads .
merkel stressed that finance minister wolfgang schäuble ( cdu ) is also constructively engaged in deliberations for a draft law .
beyond this subject , he also talked with dobrindt about other ways of activating more private capital for infrastructure investment , including broadband expansion .
schäuble had a &quot; mirror &quot; report uncommented on sunday , his house is examining its own concept to reimburse motorway investors with toll income , 17 of which are paid by toll income .
csu chief horst seehofer then warned against developing toll concepts against the minister in the cabinet .
cdu federal vize armin laschet reaffirmed his objections .
&quot; the coalition agreement never assumed to be responsible for all district and federal roads , &quot; said the north rhine-westphalia cdu state leader .
in this respect , it is an important signal that seehofer has now announced that it will be discussing the issue again .
the cdu regional associations baden-württemberg and rheinland-pfalz also resist the plans .
the background to this is the fear that a toll will affect the local border traffic to neighbouring countries .
seehofer had demanded loyalty to the coalition due to the toll criticism from ranks of the cdu .
the left regards the plans as a failure in the face of the dispute in the union .
&quot; the murks toll is dead , &quot; said party leader bernd riexinger of the &quot; new osnabrück newspaper &quot; ( monday ) .
the german federal ministry of education and research ( bmbf ) is planning to introduce a duty to vignette on all german roads , which is due to start in 2016 .
according to the coalition agreement , however , domestic car owners must not be additionally charged .
they should therefore be given full compensation for tolls through the vehicle tax .
however , the model must not penalise foreign drivers on the grounds of their nationality , in accordance with eu law .
genetic disorder often misdiagnoses
a british said that she thought , as a result of a misdiagnosis , that she would die for many years .
karin rodger lived almost all her youth in the belief that she had only a few years to live after being diagnosed with another disease .
she actually suffered from the charcot-marie-tooth disease ( cmt ) - a group of inherited disorders that damage nerves outside the brain and spinal cord .
charity cmt uk announced that misdiagnosis is a common problem in people with cmt because so little is known about it .
some 23,000 people in britain are likely to suffer from cmt , which can cause motor disorders such as muscle weakness , unsafe corridors and curved toes .
the disease is incurable and progressing , which means that the symptoms become worse over time .
when rodgers was 13 , she believed she was suffering from friedrich-ataxie ( fa ) - a disease with very poor chances of survival .
rodger thought she was sitting in a wheelchair before she was 18 and died before her 30th birthday .
the mother of two children , 51 years old today , said : &quot; as a child , i knew i could not do the same as the others .
i fell constantly and everything lasted longer with me .
i could never ride with the other children roller skateboard or skateboard and was often hanged in school because of my way to go and run .
rodgers said that at the age of 13 , she had gone to hospital after several operations to relieve her achilles and stretching her feet , when her doctor had left her room and read that she had suffered .
&quot; i felt guilty because i was curious , so i didn &apos;t tell anyone , but i went home , looked for the disease in the library and wrote to the fa-gesellschaft , said .
when i received an answer , i was shocked and panicked .
i thought i would be in the wheelchair with 18 and die at 25 , and in between i would slowly lose all my skills .
i made all of this with me alone and planned my own funeral .
she said when she became 17 , she realised that her abilities had not decreased as much as she had imagined and questioned her doctor .
he simply stood up and hugged me and said , &apos; my love , i do not think you have it , otherwise you will be in the wheelchair now &apos; .
i think you have something far less life-threatening .
after some genetic tests she was diagnosed with cmt .
&quot; when he explained to me what cmt was , i felt as if i were a winner , &quot; she said .
charity cmt uk has launched a cmt awareness month to draw attention to this disease .
since the closure of the former troop training place , stabsfeldwebel a. d. berni diether has been working as a fireworker .
for almost ten years , the former training place in munich has not been used .
nevertheless , there is still a mortal ammunition in the heart of the swabian alb biosphere reserve every month .
grenades are sometimes so dangerous that they have to be blown out on the spot .
an ear-stuffing bang halls the heart of the biosphere area .
in december 2004 , the last sharp shot hit fell on the münsingen troop training square , which was closed after 110 years of military operation at the end of 2005 .
since then , the 6500 hectares of the area has been the core of the swabian alb biosphere reserve , which is open to walkers and cyclists on 13 designated trails .
tax burdens on businessmen in washington , with economic recovery , are rising .
economic recovery means more customers , more sales and new jobs .
it also means higher taxes .
government and local tax revenues for domestic companies rose slightly last year , while economic recovery accelerated , according to a newly published study last week , and firms in the washington area were no exception .
companies in the district , maryland , and virginia jointly paid $ 27.6 billion to government and local authorities in the 2013 financial year , an increase of 3.8 % over the revenues of 2012 of $ 26.6 billion .
last year , the public and local tax burden on companies rose by 4.3 % to $ 671 billion , compared to 3.9 % earlier , and the third consecutive year in 2009 , following several years of modest growth .
government taxes rose more than local taxes , 4.3 % , according to the study conducted by the service agency ernst &amp; young with the center for public taxation , a tax policy group .
more than half of the district ’ s tax revenue , 56 % , is corporate taxes , while 36 % of maryland ’ s revenue comes from companies .
virginia generates the lowest tax revenue from companies at 28 percent .
much of the rise in tax revenues is due to a recovery in corporate real estate values , researchers say , which led to a 3.7 % increase in property taxes this year after the three consecutive years with growth .
while much of these profits were made by large states such as california , new york , and texas , the process seems to be in place for the washington area as well .
district , maryland , and virginia jointly paid over $ 10 billion in government and local real estate taxes last year , compared to $ 9.6 billion in 2012 – an increase of 4.2 % over the course of a year .
but the apparent recovery in housing values in maryland is not so effective in increasing government and local tax revenue , because property taxes account for just over one-fifth of corporate tax revenues .
companies in virginia and d.c. pay almost half of their public and local taxes in the form of real estate taxes .
&quot; in maryland , a large part of the property , especially in the tax area around d.c. , is owned either by the government or by non-profit organizations that do not pay real estate taxes , &quot; said douglas lindholm business leader .
maryland is therefore forced to rely much more on income taxes , for example , in order to provide the same services that other states offer .
corporate tax revenue recovery cannot be attributed solely to the housing recovery .
company revenues also seem to recover , according to the data .
regional companies reported income taxes on state organizations at $ 2.3 billion , compared to $ 2.1 billion in 2012 .
maryland contributed $ 1 billion in corporate income taxes , the highest amount in the region .
while the trend is in the same direction , the local tax burden on companies does not increase evenly in all three places .
the district ’ s 4.3 % increase was the national average , while maryland ’ s rise was significantly higher , 4.9 % .
only virginia reported a low tax revenue of 4.1 percent .
virginia has the lowest corporate income tax ( all three have fixed corporate tax rates ) , with 6 % in all three departments .
the maryland corporate tax rate is 8.25 % and the district is relatively high , 9.975 % .
a comparable study by the us chamber of commerce at the beginning of this year showed that virginia requires lower government and local company taxes and that overall there is a better tax climate than in maryland .
the study did not investigate the district .
despite the advantages , virginia is under pressure from its southern neighbour .
north carolina has adopted legislation to reduce its corporate tax rates this year from 6.9 % to 6 % , the same rate as virginia , and the rate will fall to 5 % next year .
if the state continues to achieve its income targets in the coming year , this law could reduce the state ’ s corporate income tax rate to 3 % by 2017 .
meanwhile , small businesses in the washington area seem to be doing better , and they therefore pay more government and local taxes , according to the latest study .
corporate taxes paid by small businessmen as personal income taxes – a transitional structure that organized most small enterprises – increased by 20 % in the district , maryland , and virginia last year to $ 2.4 billion .
researchers say that the trend and rise in corporate taxes across the country is likely to continue this year , with a 6.2 % increase in the general tax revenue for the state and local governments in the first quarter of a year .
yet the region could lag behind washington if federal government spending cuts affect the region ’ s labor market .
partner city : german beer for guangzhou
hops and malt - also a popular combination in china .
german beer enjoys an excellent reputation in china .
frankfurt ’ s partner city in china now wants a brewery and also hopes for a direct flight connection between the two cities .
german beer , brewed in frankfurt &apos;s partner city guangzhou - that is the urgent wish of the chinese officials .
&quot; we would be very happy if a german brewery would settle in our city , &quot; said the vice party secretary of the southern chinese metropolis , li yiwei , this week visiting a spd delegation .
time and again , the chinese communist party ’ s functionalist came back to this concern of the twelve-million metropolis during the course of the conversation .
guangzhou , also known as canton in germany , is one of china ’ s richest cities , li warned .
that is why people also had the purchasing power to afford german beer .
the hessian spd chairman thorsten schäfer-gümbel , who led the german political delegation , has told the host that he is going to listen to germany for a possible partner for the project .
&quot; it doesn &apos;t need much beer : good water , cereals and joie de vivre , &quot; he added to the lunch with the party leader in guangzhou .
this joie de vivre already exudes mr li , he flattered the host .
the guangzhou functionaire then met with schäfer-gümbel - but with red wine , which was served for food .
the chinese brand tsingtao is based on german brewing art .
tsingtao beer is brewed according to the german purity law .
more business
a second wish of chinese hosts would be a direct flight link between frankfurt and guangzhou , said vice party leader li .
lufthansa had offered the flight earlier , but cancelled it in 2012 for economic reasons .
&quot; it would be worth it again &quot; , the local politician expressed his conviction .
&quot; the traffic between our two cities is increasing all the time &quot; .
currently , travellers would have to take the detour via changsha in the province of hunan , li complained .
the administration of guangdong province , whose capital is guangzhou , also hopes to travel .
chen yunxian , the provincial vice governor , highlighted this wish when he met the social democrats .
&quot; that is a very good idea , &quot; said schäfer-gümbel , chinese vice minister li jinjun , an intimate connoisseur of germany , nodding in agreement .
partnership in good faith
the leaning vice party leader of guangzhou hopes to be able to visit frankfurt for a partnership meeting next year .
li yiwei was already on the main , but not yet in this function .
he came into office only this year after his predecessor was dispatched for allegations of corruption .
the local party leader wan qinglian also had to go .
the fight against the officials from guangzhou is part of a nationwide campaign against corruption in party and administration , which is being enforced with vigour by head of state xi jinping .
the new leader , li yiwei , had worked for an american company before his party career , which is highly unusual in the chinese communist party .
before taking office in guangzhou , he was a leading fujian worker , where the vw automobile manufacturer erected a major work .
frankfurt has officially entered into more than a dozen twinning twinning twinning twinning partnerships .
the connection to the 9000 km distance of guangzhou is one of those that are maintained by both sides , for example with a student exchange .
last year , the 25-year existence of the german-chinese association was celebrated .
the southern chinese metropolis on the perl river is almost as strong with its economic strength as all of hessen .
next year , it was seeking to achieve a gross domestic product of eur 250 billion , li reported .
the family of joan rivers &apos; pushes the thumbs &apos;
joan rivers has been unconscious since she was admitted to hospital in new york city three days ago , but her daughter has now been hoping that she will recover from her illness .
&quot; thanks for your ongoing love and support , &quot; said melissa rivers today in a communication .
we are all keeping our fingers crossed .
her mother was reportedly brought to mount sinai hospital on thursday after an emergency due to a cardiac condition in a clinic on the upper east side , yorkville endoscopy .
doctors deliberately keep them sealed and under close observation until they are more satisfied with their condition , which is still described as &apos; serious &apos; .
the reactions came from many sides , including an overwhelming online support from donald trump , montel williams and kelly ripa .
environmentally friendly vacuum cleaners and rising wages
for cars and vacuum cleaners coming into the market from today , stricter environmental standards will apply in the future .
similar to refrigerators and washing machines , new vacuum cleaners will be issued from 1 september to a label where the purchaser can at a glance identify key data such as the device ’ s energy efficiency .
new cars are subject to more stringent nitrogen oxide values in the pollutant class &apos; euro 6 &apos; .
there is also more money for scaffolding growers : they receive a nationwide minimum wage of eur 10.25 .
amazon buys twitch $ 1.04 billion
amazon just confirmed what information reported on monday morning : the online retailer - and video producer , and a lot of other things - is buying the twitch video streaming service for $ 1.04 billion ( $ 970 million ) .
the announcement comes as a surprise , not because no one expected twitch to take over , but because it was widely assumed that youtube would buy the company .
three months ago it looked as if the sale of twitch to google &apos;s video service was a cool billion decision , and cooperation seemed natural .
twitch , which was founded three years ago as justin.tv , was launched as a general streaming service - a live version of youtube .
instead , it quickly became a platform for players who wanted to publish their bravouchers in games , a &quot; youtube for live games &quot; , an insider said .
the twitch interface .
and &quot; let &apos;s play &quot; , a video genre in which better knowledge gives the ( mostly older ) games a painting of mystery science theatre , are already very popular on youtube .
it is just that youtube is often called when you want to describe twitch , so the message that youtube would buy twitch was introduced a bit bored , a potential textbook example .
it is a mystery why the youtube deal was not concluded , as the company reportedly was willing to pay as much as amazon .
all we know about this at the moment is this statement by emlet shear , president of twitch : &quot; we chose amazon because they believe in our community , they share our values and want to help us there more quickly .
another secret , to be honest , is the incredible success of twitch .
for snobs like me , who say they prefer to play sport rather than watch it , it is difficult to understand the attraction of watching others while playing , rather than taking the control console into their hands .
it &apos;s one thing to look over the shoulder of a friend at 3 o &apos;clock in the morning while she sneaks through resident evil , and something quite different , watch a spinner while he shoot his head 20 times in a row .
you could see all these games right now .
another problem is that many of the most popular games are now ego games , so watching without control of the perspective can be a really good recipe for headache .
i admit that the rapid runs in which the roger bannissters of our electronic age complete whole games in record time are entertaining .
but as long as there is no play or humour virtuosity , its twitch channel is probably not so interesting .
but what do skeptics like me know about it ?
twitch is called by 55 million different visitors per month and is the fourth largest source of internet traffic peaks .
and how exactly does amazon want to make money from it ?
it &apos;s hard to imagine that twitch is integrated in amazon instant video as elegantly as youtube twitch could have swallowed .
but twitch has something that any company would like : thousands of young men who are promoted as advertising customers .
as the chairman of twitch , shear , said , amazon and twitch &quot; both believe in the future of gaming , &quot; and the medium shows no sign of a shrinkage , not even - as a speculation .
on saturday , the castle was a lot of fun .
the concept of the organisers was right .
despite the heavy rain cast on saturday evening , an estimated 1,200 music fans came to the open-air festival in the burggarten .
at times , the admission had to be stopped .
&quot; that was annoying , &quot; said ron sem , one of the organizers .
salweldädel l licht und freuen .
two spanish words have been used by maxim sachraj and ron sem to form the name amula .
the open air in the salzwädeler burggarten is supposed to radiate brightness on the day and in the evening through various shows .
well , and the fun is coming anyway .
this was evident in the early days of saturday , when the first visitors turned up for open air .
the organizers promised a feast for all generations .
and you have succeeded in doing so .
salzwedeler and guests from the surrounding area had become comfortable around the supply stands on the burggartenwiese .
they followed the first live performances , rolled with the foot in the beat , enjoyed cool drinks - in short , pure relaxation and enjoyment were essential .
and that is all right through the generations .
while some people were lying on the white sand carved on the ceiling at the beach bar , others were consuming wine in the vinotheque , the young were raging on the hill .
but even when children are slimmed down , volunteers had to do their best to help the crowd and to create imaginative creations in the small faces .
the larger players used the kicker tables or participated in a skateboard workshop organized by the goodfoot crew for salweld .
until the great rain came .
shortly before 5.30 p.m. he pruned to the visitors , especially families were looking for the space and the dry .
but the attractiveness of the feast did not diminish this .
&quot; more people came than expected , &quot; said ron sem , who spoke of a &quot; success all along the line &quot; .
so there is no objection to a repeat of the big party next year .
although the content and size of the event still need to be worked on , sem made a clear statement to the people &apos;s voice in a first round of sunday .
he said that , in the meantime , the admission had to be stopped .
it seems that the security company had been booked with too little effort .
as a result , some who had already paid did not get to the site .
the response was very good .
in an initial cautious estimate , the salzweiler co-organizer spoke of about 1200 visitors who took part in the burggarten .
there were problems with sound technology .
the salzwädeler hip-hop band blocks`n`rox therefore left their performance unnerved .
the technicians were unable to create a reasonably reasonable sound .
the planned shisha lounges could not be built because the tents could not be moved to salweld due to a tire breakdown .
&quot; next year you will be there &quot; , says the organiser .
the first of the amula-open air was more than successful from the number of visitors .
and that in bad weather .
however , the organisers made some mistakes which will be delayed the first time , but which will have to be eliminated in the second edition .
the organisers must also take on the social network facebook .
&quot; sorry , but for 12 euros you just expected more &quot; , says melanie meier on the event page .
&quot; you have taken over a bit , &quot; says ele zimmermann .
others do not see the initial problems as being so narrow .
i think it is very good that some people are not just stupid , but are also really trying to put something on their feet .
hut ab ! , stephanie jenß writes to the amula .
the organisers now have a year to put an end to these criticisms .
new radom in berkum : wachtberg ’ s landmark shrinks
this is not the case , as expected .
instead , the piece is waiting to be inserted into the striking structure .
the action is within the context of a larger measure : almost 50 years after the earth observation radar tira was established , the shell , called the radom , is completely renewed .
the new radom will be slightly smaller than the old one with a diameter of 47.5 meters .
however , the size remains world record .
the last step to complete the new case is the capping exchange .
the upper part of the old shell is separated and removed with a crane .
after that , the last quarter of the new shell is set up .
if the weather is present , the action will be launched at the beginning of this week .
kiefer is running into trouble at the ice-bucket-challenge .
isabelle roberts from great britain shouted so much when their ice-cold water was cast over their heads that she injured the bone structure of her face .
this ice bucket-challenge went painfully beside it .
a woman was taken to hospital after she had shouted so much at the ice-bucket-challenge that she had taken the pine out .
isabelle roberts from great britain circulated so much when their ice-cold water was cast over their heads that she injured the face structure .
&quot; the water was so cold that i shouted , and while i did , my jaw simply remained standing , &quot; she said to the mirror .
ice water is shaken for more than 20 years .
isabelle roberts a few seconds before the accident
i wanted to close my mouth , but that didn &apos;t work , the jaw was hated , and then i understood that something was wrong .
my mother and sister saw it too and almost made their trousers in front of laughter , but i had to take it in the emergency .
20 years old from britain was taken to hospital to get the jaw redrawn after attending the viral trend on tuesday .
the clip was linked to a thousand times over on facebook and twitter .
will the burgverein soon be back on the same line ?
the last time there was a clash between the two wolfratshauser burgvereine .
now the boards are thinking about a possible cooperation .
as an example for the reconstruction of wolfratshaus castle , the late richard dimbath , former chairman of wolfratshauser burgfreunde , led the project in the french guédelon .
a year ago , there was no good climate between the burgverein and the burgfreunde wolfratshausen .
the positions of the wolfratshauser castle and the possible reconstruction have so far been very different .
the two camps are now moving towards one another : talks are to be held soon on a common approach .
the board of directors torsten sjöberg ( burgverein ) and herbert piffl ( burgfreunde ) confirm this at the request of our newspaper .
&quot; i called mr piffl and suggested that we could sit down together for once , &quot; sjöberg said .
he believes that all members of both clubs could pull together in the future .
we have seen some rapid progress .
while the castle friends had an eye on the reconstruction of the castle at the bergwald until the end of the year , the castle club around sjöberg was the &quot; discovery and experience &quot; for the castle club .
herbert piffl , second chairman of the castle friends , was very pleased to hear about the call .
he has been in front of the burgfreien since dimbah ’ s death .
a new chairman is to be found in a general meeting in mid-september .
at the moment , according to the 74-year-old , the association has about 40 members .
&quot; after my friend richard dimbath died , we have let the club &apos;s activities rest out of respect first , &quot; this &quot; period of thought &quot; was necessary to &quot; consider how things could go . &quot;
according to piffl , the new chairman should then go into talks with the burgverein .
until then , the friends of the castle could also get a current mood inside their group .
there is not yet a candidate for the presidency , says piffl .
&quot; but i am confident that someone will find himself &quot; , he does not want to stand because he is resident in bad tölz .
the new chairman should be a wolfratshauser .
the talelzer wanted to &quot; but would very much like to continue working &quot; on the project .
piffl ’ s view of reconstruction will no doubt remain unchanged in the near future .
he recognizes dimbath as a &quot; missionary &quot; who always believed in the reconstruction of the castle .
two similar projects , which have already been well advanced in austria and france , would show that this idea is not an airbrush .
they are a tourist attraction thanks to the high participation of the population and by volunteers from all over the world .
piffl : &quot; i too was skeptical at the beginning .
but over time i have become increasingly convinced that it is sensible to advance the project &quot; , which could create a &quot; unique position &quot; for the city of castles .
there is nothing else here .
furthermore , the project could be financed by eu grants , visitor tickets and potential sponsors , piffl believes .
&quot; i personally do not want to throw the idea of reconstruction out of the window , &quot; he hopes that the burgverein may be moving on this point .
their objective of first documenting history is &quot; important and good &quot; .
we could then go on .
clever ways to save on university textbooks
since the cost of university textbooks for many students exceeds $ 1,000 a year , matt schroeder , a fairly second semester student , thought out a clever idea .
he invented a system of lending for books by students of higher semester and offered nominal compensation in order to delay resale .
&quot; my mathematical book normally costs $ 180 , but i got it for $ 10 for a semester and a chick fil-a-keks , &quot; said schroeder , 19 , who visits cola .
the books needed for the last semester would have cost him $ 430 , he said .
he spent $ 120 .
the college ’ s management announced that the student spent an average of more than $ 1,200 a year on textbooks and study material , but that there were different cost-reduction options for students .
online stores and creative approaches such as schroeders are increasingly the solution for students .
renting textbooks is becoming more popular , allowing students to use a book for a semester , often at a much lower price than they would buy .
neebo inc , which operates more than 250 university bookshops , announced that the hire of textbooks has doubled since 2011 .
industry surveys show that about a quarter of the books in college bookshops were rented last spring semester , neebos vice president tevor meyer said .
according to the national association of college stores , less than half of all textbooks are bought in campus bookstores .
here is the one time for the best deals .
buy online
some new books cost online only one-third of the price you will be charged for in the campus bookstore .
the ninth edition of &quot; calculus &quot; vno ron larwon , bruce edwards and robert hostetler costs almost $ 290 , but can be purchased from the specialised textbook retailer chegg.com .
buying second-hand
if you don &apos;t like the notes of other or normal usage tracks , use books are a good option .
&quot; calculus &quot; is used on chegg.com for $ 93,49 .
matt casaday , 25 graduate student at brigham young university , says that he spent 42 cents on amazon.com for a second issue of strategic media decisions. he is a member of the board of directors .
the book was newly sold for $ 48 .
academics such as ingrid bracey , head of the university of massachusetts at amherst college without walls , recommended students to ask their professors whether past issues were permissible .
sometimes the updates are not relevant for the seminar work .
in such cases , older issues can often be purchased for a fraction of the cost of the latest issue .
besides chegg and amazon , half.com from ebay inc is a popular alternative for used books .
rents
the renting of textbooks is worth considering if you treat them reasonably well , remember to return them and you do not want to keep the books after the course is completed .
you can save more than 80 percent of the costs of a new book .
a student could rent &quot; calculus &quot; for about $ 20 for a semester .
find out about the terms of the business where you rent , including the penalties that may apply to writing notes , underscores or usage tracks .
tenants pay attention : if you do not return the book , the penalty fees may even exceed the price of a new book .
e-books
e-books are also an option rather than conventional textbooks .
sometimes these books are rented de facto by providing an electronic license for a certain period by wholesalers such as amazon.com , chegg and barnes &amp; noble inc .
at chegg you can rent &quot; calculus &quot; for 6 months for about $ 61 .
bracey says that students often find the best offers in literature courses , because many classics can be downloaded free of charge nowadays , while scientific and engineering textbooks can be very expensive .
look around in any case .
joe gault , 29 , who will shortly be attending the pepperdine law school , recommends the isbn number for book pricing , as you can be sure to find the right teaching book .
and before placing an online order , you should check , gault says , whether the book is actually available .
he learned this lesson on the hard tour .
he bought a book that had four weeks delivery and finally paid the full price in the college bookstore .
why &quot; guardians of the galaxy &quot; was not a cash hit ?
sylvester stone &apos;s expendables 3 played less than $ 30 million of its $ 90 million budget in the us , while sin city : a lady to kill for only $ 70 million .
the movie &quot; sex tape &quot; , tailored to cameron diaz , was only $ 14.6 million on the opening weekend , while children &apos;s films like &quot; dragon cases made easy 2 &quot; also received revenue .
an article by the critic of telegraph filmmaker robbie collin suggests that the lack of quality in the films itself could be the reason for children &apos;s films .
collin described 2014 as &quot; the worst year &quot; so far for children &apos;s films and described &quot; dragon tumble 2 &quot; as a purely &quot; functional &quot; fantasy sequel .
however , when it comes to films for a slightly older target group , it seems that the quality of films is not necessarily the problem .
in july , entertainment weekly compared the average cinemasco and metacritic rating for each summer film start , which was shown between american memorial day and july 20 , 2013 and the current year .
the results are based on the opinion of the cinema visitors and film critics and indicate that this year &apos;s film hits are equivalent to those of last year .
some commentators believe that the development is due to changing visual habits and the growing popularity of web streaming services like netflix .
director jon favreau , who is currently working on disney &apos;s upcoming jungle book film , said to the hollywood reporter website : &quot; i think times are changing . &quot;
we must accept this and not try to follow the past .
in contrast to the currently weak cash outcomes of hollywood productions , netflix has recently generated sales of $ 1.2 billion in streaming content , almost twice as much as $ 837 million in previous years .
last summer , director steven spielberg criticized film studios for focusing too much on comics and predicting a &quot; meltdown &quot; of hollywood .
in the light of the current downturn , some commentators argue that his gloomy prophecy may well contain a true core .
however , due to the potential cashiers expected in the summer of 2015 , including avengers : age of ultron , minions and jurassic world , other representatives of the film industry are more optimistic .
the producer of x-men , simon kinberg , described the decline in cash outcomes recently as simply &quot; cyclical &quot; and said to hollywood reporter : &quot; next summer &apos;s biggest store will be in the oft .
when , a few years ago , the second table tennis district class was abolished to streamline the ligen division , this was a step in the right direction .
the german table tennis federation has now launched an additional third bundesliga .
as a result , those who did not climb up have gone down .
in the first season , göttingen &apos;s top class team torpedo avoided the downward slope , but only plays five classics .
torpedo &apos;s ladies remain fourth classics , despite their grand breakthrough into the regional league .
the boys and girls of torpedo start in the lower saxony league , as well as the boys of the sc weende .
the sg lenglers and the torpedo reserve are entering the new verband league , the league no longer has göttingen clubs in it .
the german national team is the german national team of the german bundesliga .
what looks like a better district class is now the new district league south .
the tsv seulingen , vfb lödingsen , torpedo iii , geismar , einbeck , hammenstedt , bovender sv , langenholtensen and the fc .
the district sliga is home to regional representatives dransfeld and sc weende , in the district class of ttc ii , rot-weiß , bovender sv ii and the teams of ttc ii .
güntersen , ttc and ttv geismar ii are here to play .
torpedo iii and sattenhausen / wöllmarshausen are starting up in the district sliga .
with nine teams each
the sc weende sends its girls to the small district sliga .
the scw boys &apos; district sliga squadron - which is still starting torpedo ii - is not complete either .
in a district class , the season is marked by geismar , tuspo weende and bovender sv .
in the first season of the newly founded regional association , the two gottingen circular leagues start with nine teams .
the west season includes the red-white ii , bovender sv iii , laubach ii , torpedo iv and v , mtv grone , dransfelder sc ii , mielenhausen ii .
the eastern season features sattenhausen / wöllmarshausen , nikolausberg and landolfshausen .
the women &apos;s kreisliga consists of sattenhausen / wöllmarshausen ii , bilshausen , hemeln , seulingen ii , tuspo weende and sg rhume .
this is still better than in the easter district , where there are no women teams at the circus level .
it is striking that none of the six 2nd circle categories achieve target strength , and here the innovative and exhausting circle board will have to think about .
nato summit : first protests in newport and cardiff
at the weekend , there were protests from opponents of the nato summit in newport .
on saturday hundreds of people gathered in the centre of newport for an anti-nato march .
on sunday , about 150 people met in cardiff in front of the town hall to hold a so-called counter-summit .
stephen fairclough followed the weekend developments and spoke to demonstrators who travelled to belgium from bridging .
teenagers flew out of the blue mountains
two young bushwalkers were brought to safety with the rope winds after they were captured into the blue mountains in nsw the night .
the 16-year-old girl and the 19-year-old man broke up for their tour shortly after sunday lunchtime in govets leap in blackheath .
worried relatives called the police at about 8 p.m. when the two had not returned home .
a local police and rescue team search team broke up and the couple was found at around 11 p.m. near the bridal veil waterfalls .
the girl had been sick and the man had fallen and had raised his head .
rescue forces remained with the couple overnight , and they were flown out on monday morning .
they were in stable condition and were delivered to the blue mountains hospital with a ambulance .
anti-government protests in pakistan escalate
the approximately 1000 demonstrators were pushed by soldiers from the ptv building , said information minister pervaiz rashid .
the transmitter resumed the broadcast after just over half an hour .
ptv director athar faroq said that the demonstrators equipped with sticks damaged equipment in the editorial .
no dead or injured were reported .
the demonstrators are calling for the resignation of the head of government , to whom they accuse electoral fraud .
the police reported that approximately one kilometre from the residence of prime minister nawaz sharif had been the result of a clash of around 3000 demonstrators with security forces on monday .
according to hospital data , a policeman was injured .
at least three people had been killed and more than 500 injured at the weekend when demonstrators tried to get into sharif &apos;s residence .
you are calling for the resignation of the prime minister .
on sunday evening , after a meeting in the army headquarters , the powerful military called for a political solution to the conflict , &apos; without wasting time and using force &apos; .
the communication also said : &apos; the army remains committed to its role of ensuring the security of the state &apos; .
escalating violence has fuelled concern about the military intervention , which has already been more frequent in the past .
the protests led by opposition politician imran khan and the preacher tahirul qadri have continued since independence day on 14 august .
sharif refuses to resign .
khan and qadri had called on their supporters to persist on sunday .
&quot; we will not go back without having forced sharif to resign , &quot; khan said .
qadri spoke the same way .
khan accuses sharif of having won the parliamentary election last may by fraud .
qadri calls for the resignation of central and provincial governments .
then a transitional government is to reform the electoral system and call for new elections .
more than 40 000 security forces are in operation to protect the district of government .
the demonstrators had initially been peacefully in front of parliament until khan and qadri urged them to move to sharif ’ s residence this weekend .
hütteldorfer after second season victory on third place of the table .
with the 2 : 0 over grödig , a bitter week on sunday , a happy ending for rapid .
&quot; the victory is very liberating , &quot; said trainer zoran barisic , whose team with the out in the europe league on thursday had reached an intermediate low .
&quot; the success experience was incredibly important , &quot; confirmed captain and shooter steffen hofmann , who took the green and white lead to three ahead .
schrammel-dreamtor speaks up to the winner straße rapid , who has shown the right response to the disappointment with helsinki with a successful break in the country with the second season victory .
&quot; we wanted to show a positive response , &quot; said the secretary of state thomas schrammel , who , with his magnificent leadership volley from the sixteenth minute , set the course for victory .
&quot; i thought i had all the fruits of thursday and snown him under the bar , &quot; said the 26 year-old smiling .
when schrammel had met for the last time in a bundesliga match on 13 november. that was still for ried .
the first championship match in the rapid dress will therefore remain in special memory .
&quot; for me this is something very special , i am from the rapid young man , &quot; said schrammel .
due to mario pavelic ’ s short-term beck blissary , the left has moved to the right defensive side of the coat of arms and made his case very well there .
he has had enough experience to be able to play this role in a mirror inverse way .
he earned the goal , he already provided some assists this year , &quot; praised barisic .
team shows character schrammel also delivered the flank to 2 : 0 by hofmann after a little hour that finally brought the decision .
the hotel was very clean and the staff were very friendly and helpful .
&quot; thank god we have had some luck today , &quot; also said schrammel , who always played with it the clash of performance and result in the last few weeks : &quot; the results have not been good , but the game was good .
barisic even found that &quot; in many games before , you were better than today &quot; , against &quot; the strongest team that played this season at this stadium &quot; .
the first tri-point since 26 july has therefore proved that the team structure is intact against the setbacks : &apos; today my team has shown that it has character &apos; .
he is no less happy : &quot; we have finally played again to zero &quot; .
the most important thing to do during the national break is that with brian behrendt , mario pavelic , christopher dibon , deni alar and michael schimpelsberger , they are several more .
&quot; we must not forget that , &quot; barisic , who lost with coveted and pavelic players in the last three days , &quot; who have been very stable recently &quot; .
the interval must therefore be used to lick wounds and to increase the physical range , &quot; said barisic , who has five u21 players in his range .
one that is particularly well placed for the break is captain hofmann .
he tears himself for the team , passes over pain .
especially in this difficult phase he showed that he is a very important player for us , &quot; noted barisic .
hofmann gave the game rapids before its replacement in the 68th minute not only the structure but also achieved the second goal .
for the 33-year-old who completed his 350th bundesliga game , it was the first match from the game since november 2 , 2013 ( 4 : 2 via the admira ) .
hofmann : &quot; may not believe that now everything is good &quot; &quot; we have certainly had some luck , but at some point the luck must come back to us .
now it was high time , &quot; said hofmann .
he admonished , however , that he would continue to work in a focused manner : &quot; one cannot always see it in black and white .
we have not played as badly in the last few weeks as has been pointed out .
but we must not believe that everything is good now .
he could not deny the importance of his role for the team .
it is a very young team , and i can help very much at the moment .
they are still keeping to me in certain stages , &quot; said hofmann .
grödig-coach michael baur had little to reproach himself and his team .
he regretted the quick &quot; magic gate &quot; counter-strike , as well as the regular gate of nutz in the 40th minute unjustly denied by referee koller .
the only criticism i can make of the team is that we were not concrete enough in some stages towards tor .
we have had too few conclusions on this .
internal defender maximilian karner saw it as similar : &quot; it started badly , but then we found it in and even made a gate .
by and large , more would have been in it .
under this whiff , ruh reigns
we showed a powerful tribe in our puzzle task of the summer series &quot; my piece of the rheoner glück &quot; last friday .
several of these giant trees are still in the county , the illustrated copy is the &quot; scourge ruheiche &quot; above unterweißenbrunn .
a bumpy footpath leads up to the approximately 600 years old oak .
it passes by couples , basalt mines and basalt meadows .
a little bit below the quarry of the bauersberg , one kilometre north of the road to weisbach , she stands there .
the natural monument is vital , it stretches out over the other trees in the area and , with a volume of more than eight metres , is reminiscent of an american mammoth tree .
a small buddha on a tree mud indicates that it is a spiritual or mystical place .
but , despite intensive research , there was only evidence of the name origins .
dr. wolfgang schneider consulted the bischofsheim archive and consulted elderly people from unterweißenbrunn to find out what their relationship with the scourge was .
the result of his research remained the rather sober explanation for the name .
thus , until about 80 years ago , goat shepherds were supposed to drive their animals from underweißenbrunn to meadows that were tired and cut off from stones .
at the foot of the tree , the animal keepers exhausted by the ascent are said to have rested .
in the meantime , the area has regained its importance , because in the meadows , grazing is actually again a herd of goat .
the area has also been declared the core area of the biosphere reserve , and schneider has further found out .
the first is the town of kaprun , which is located in the middle of the town , and is the most important tourist destination in the region .
a hiking trail leads from unterweißenbrunn to the tree , which is hidden .
other paths are signposted , climb up the hochrhön direction and invite you to an extensive hike .
where is the waterburg ?
however , a watercastle , which is sought for in our next task , is rather rare in height .
the mirroring in the moat already gives a good impression of the building , but we have some historic buildings in the county that could fit the building counter-fence .
where is our &quot; piece of the rhone luck &quot; ?
my piece of rheinauer ’ s happiness
as with previous main-post series in previous years , there are prizes to win again this year if you have the right solution .
if you like to take photographs , you can also take part .
you can send us the solution and your personal &quot; piece of the rhineland-luck &quot; under this keyword at the e-mail address red.neustadt @ mainpost.de .
the best photos will be published .
after weeks of tug-of-war , italy ’ s premier and current eu chairman , matteo renzi , was nominated for foreign policy by eu secretary federica mogheri in the eu special summit last week , against strong conservative opposition .
renzi , as the government-oriented daily la repubblica restates , regards the appointment of his mogherini , also considered in the government team as a favorites , as a strengthening of the social democrats &apos; position .
he also expects a boost for his &quot; reform package &quot; in italy .
last but not least , renzi hopes that the left-wing party base , which is constantly rising against him , will be put on a calm footing , because mogherini will be assigned to it , albeit in a moderate way .
to the conservative representatives , with president jean-claude juncker and the pole donald tusk , nominated as president of the council , the prevailing opinion in rome was to achieve political balance .
the eu &apos;s chief diplomat will also be the deputy president of the commission , mr juncker .
the european parliament &apos;s outstanding consent is deemed to be secure .
otherwise , president giorgio napolitano would hardly have called the nomination of the 41year-old politician of the ruling democratic party ( pd ) an &quot; important recognition &quot; of italy &apos;s role in the eu .
la repubblica is spreading optimism that the mogherini , which has been proven in leading party offices for almost two decades and known for their ambition , will be able to cope with the &quot; enormous challenges &quot; .
the born roman is married and has two daughters .
the political scientist began her career in 1996 in the youth organization of the then democrat di sinistra ( left-wing democrats ) , which joined the catholic center party in 2008 .
in 1999 , mogherini became vice-president of the european community organisation of socialist youth ( european young socialists ) for three years .
in 2001 , she joined the left-wing party council , becoming a high-party political figure , working in the foreign policy department , whose leader she soon became .
it occupied traditional priorities of italian foreign policy , such as the middle east , was known by studies of nato deployment in afghanistan , in which italy was involved with a contingent , maintaining contacts with the socialists in europe and the social democrats .
since 2008 she has been a member of the chamber of deputies , where she is an expert on defence and european and international affairs .
when renzi became prime minister in february 2014 , he appointed mogherini as foreign minister .
if the pd has a better relationship with the country ’ s strong peace movement , which contributed to the party ’ s more than 40 % vote in the may eu elections , then it has , as pd federi notes , a portion .
the reproaches in brussels , which the new eu foreign affairs representative has too little diplomatic experience , which is to say , a lack of substance , are being misrepresented in the pd .
in brussels , particularly by poland and the baltic members , mogherinis , who are suspiciously realistic , are being persecuted for the crisis in ukraine and defamed as a &apos; pro-russia course &apos; .
it supports the russian company gazprom &apos;s pipeline south stream , which is to transport russian natural gas directly to southern europe , bypassing ukraine , and this is also in the interests of energy security italy .
after renzi took office as eu president in july , mogherini traveled to moscow for her first state visit .
photos that you showed with putin at the shake hands were taken in brussels with indignation , as were the invitation of the kremlin chief to hold an economic summit in milan in october .
a total of nine young people started their training at emz-hanauer in nabburg on monday .
among them is an azubi , who has already completed a different training in the company .
the new employees will be active in four training occupations : electronics ( three trainees ) , mechatronics ( two ) , tool mechanics ( two ) and process mechanics ( two ) .
all azubis come from schwandorf county : tobias braun and thomas bücherl from schwarzach , stefan brickl and florian rewitzer from schmidgaden , johannes .
the new apprentices were previously attending primary and secondary schools and real schools .
from wednesday to friday , apprentices of all vintages and trainers will be riding to a team training event in oberammergau , where among other things a full-day hike and rafting on the inn are offered .
the company has 435 employees throughout germany and 950 employees worldwide .
the number of trainees distributed over all vintages is 27 .
the socialists in france should &apos; keep their mouths and put france in order &apos; , said francois hollande &apos;s main ally .
mr valls called on the deeply divided left to show &apos; their love &apos; for the controversial socialist president whose cabinet reformation has met with disapproval by the vast majority of the french .
the president deserves everyone &apos;s respect , he deserves our loyalty and he deserves our support .
&quot; it is our duty to stay on his side , &quot; he said with great applause .
as a sobering gesture , the prime minister insisted that his government should ask the controversial 35-hour week in france despite strong calls for the regime to be relaxed by emmanuel macron , not the new economic minister .
on saturday , mr hollande urged his fellow socialists to show &apos; united &apos; with the government .
but christiane taubira , the minister of justice , was pulling sand into the gear , where she appeared at a meeting of dismissive socialist members , and the socialist party criticized her for believing that they should believe .
marine le pen , the far-right leader of the national front , mocked the socialists ’ constant rioting and said that she could not imagine the new valls government going on for longer than a few months .
francois hollande is the emperor without clothes , but prince manuel valls has no , they are forced to form a new government if the old one has not survived even a summer .
&quot; and the new one will not survive the autumn or winter , &quot; said miss le pen to supporters .
she repeated her party ’ s call for a dissolution of parliament and said she was confident that she would win in early elections and be ready to government .
the french ruling party suffered a defeat in the local elections in march , and the right-wing national front was ahead of the eu elections in may .
a poll in the sunday newspaper journal du dimanche found that 76 % of french people believe that the socialist party is at risk of falling into several groups before the end of hollande ’ s term in 2017 .
pascal perrineau , a political scientist at sciences po university , warned that the french would quickly lose patience if the new socialist government did not pay a better contribution to the economy and to the record .
&quot; there is a small window of opportunity , but public opinion must feel quickly that things change , &quot; he warned .
otherwise , the situation could deteriorate further .
norwegian cruise just before a prestige cruises deal of $ 3 billion .
norwegian cruise line holdings ltd nchl.o , the world &apos;s third largest cruise operator , is conducting advanced negotiations to acquire prestige international , for example , according to industry experts .
the deal would give norwegian cruise , a company with a market value of $ 6.8 billion , access to the prestigious cruises luxury cruises , and to its wealthy clientele .
an agreement could be announced this week , the sources said on sunday , and warned that the talks could end without results .
the prestige cruises , the private equity company apollo global management llc ( apo.n ) , also owns 20 percent of norwegian cruise .
the sources asked for anonymity , because the negotiations were not open .
norwegian cruise and prestige cruises did not respond to requests for comments , while a spokesman for apollo refused to comment .
norwegian cruise operates 13 cruise ships on routes between north america , the mediterranean , the baltic sea , central america and the caribbean .
its revenues in 2013 were $ 2.57 billion , an increase of 13 % compared to 2012 .
prestige cruises , also located in miami , operates under the brand names oceania and regent , which together operate eight cruise ships on routes to scandinavia , russia , the mediterranean , north america .
it reported revenues for 2013 of $ 1.2 billion , an increase of 6 % over the previous year .
the cruise industry is estimated to be around $ 29 billion in total , and is expected to do so in the coming years , owing to the strengthening of the middle class in emerging countries such as china and india .
companies are trying to position themselves as the best choice for these new customers with cruise operators .
prestige cruises applied to the us regulators for the ipo in january 2014 .
apollo has been the majority shareholder of the company since a $ 850 million deal in 2007 .
norwegian cruise was created in its current form in 2000 by a merger with a cruise operator owned by genting bhd ( gent.kl ) , a leisure and casino licensing corporation .
apollo invested $ 1 billion in norwegian cruise in 2008 .
norwegian cruise was listed in january 2013 .
according to the licensing authorities , genting held 28 percent of the shares , apollo 20 percent of the shares and tpg capital lp private equity company a share of 8 percent of the company .
carnival , royal caribbean cruises and norwegian cruise share 82 % of the cruise fleet in the original us cruise cruise registry application documents .
pro-hong kong activists condemn china the day after the election .
a peking-loyal group swung the chinese flag near the hotel .
the permanent committee of the national people ’ s congress adopted a framework law on sunday that allows only two or three candidates for the hong kong leadership election in 2017 .
all candidates must first obtain the majority support of a nomination committee , which is expected to be filled with peking-loyal members .
this decision makes it almost impossible for opposition democrats to be allowed to vote , prompting pro-democracy activists to perceive their threat and to “ create an occupy central square ” with its “ occupy central square ” protests .
political reform has long been a controversial issue in hong kong ; and china ’ s party leaders fear that calls for democracy will spread to other cities .
after the publication of a beijing white paper , which outlined china ’ s dominance of hong kong in june , democracy activists held an unofficial referendum on the electoral process in the special administrative region , where the business district was organised .
lis consultation is organised by the hong kong government and the hong kong chinese liaison office .
the vice-chairman of the standing committee &apos;s legal affairs commission , zhang rongshun , and the vice-chairman of the hong kong and macao office of the council of state , feng wei , should be consulted during the day .
student activists announced that they would meet in the afternoon in front of hong kong ’ s head office .
britain had no democratic elements until the end of the 150-year-old colonial government in hong kong .
putin is asking kiev to open &quot; state-relations talks &quot; with eastern ukraine .
russian president vladimir putin , according to russian media reports , demanded on sunday that the ukrainian government cease fighting the separatists in the east and immediately disengage with negotiations on the &quot; statehood &quot; of the country .
his spokesman , dimitri peskov , later made it clear that putin did not mean that the separatist territory of eastern russia would be part of russia &apos;s power , but that its status vis-à-vis its status .
putin ’ s call for the kiev government to negotiate on an equal footing with the pro-russian insurgents fits into the strategy that he has apparently pursued since the beginning of the riots five months ago : helping ukraine ’ s separatist .
in an interview with the state television channel one , putin condemned the ukrainian military campaign to reconquer the territories held by separatists in the eastern regions of donetsk and luhansk , which was taken in march 18.
the kremlin and the separatists have recently called the area taken the &quot; novorossiya &quot; or &quot; neurussia &quot; , a term reminiscent of the pre-revolutionary glory of the russian empire .
&quot; while government groups in the separatist territories are hoping to attack civilian communities in the promised peace areas , &quot; putin pointed out that all those who campaigned for the 26 october elections were in the course of ukrainian politicians &apos; campaigns .
&quot; we must start detailed discussions immediately , not only on technical issues , but also on the political organisation of society and the state status of south-eastern ukraine , in order to protect the interests of the people living there , &quot; he said .
peskov said that putin ’ s reference to statehood must be seen in the context of greater autonomy , which has been under discussion for months by the kiev leadership , to worries about their cluster areas .
only the ukrainian government can give the eastern territories the necessary autonomy , peskov said .
it is not a matter of negotiations between ukraine and russia , he said , &apos; because it is not a conflict between russia and ukraine , but an internal conflict in ukraine &apos; .
the kremlin &apos;s clarification of correcting the misinterpretation of putin &apos;s remarks underlined russia &apos;s leadership over the treatment of separatist rebellion in the east , unlike direct ethnic negation .
moscow would have far greater difficulty annexing the regions of donetsk and luhansk to eastern ukraine , as most of the 6.5 million inhabitants are not russians and surveys from the period before the conflict left broad a majority .
the autonomy mentioned by russian diplomats at international forums would give the regional governments in ukraine the power to negotiate their own trade agreements and external relations , thus giving the kremlin de facto control over a territory of russia .
the black sea peninsula , annexed five months ago , is the home port for most of the russian navy , as well as an important commercial port and historic coastal region .
the regions between russia ’ s rostov region and crimea are also rich in mines , factories , and foundries that produce important components for the russian military .
ukrainian president petro poroshenko , when he spoke on june 7 , suggested that ukrainian legislation - after elections - should consider constitutional amendments , giving greater control to the respective territories .
but his idea of autonomy seems to be in sharp contrast to that of the kremlin and the separatist rebels , whose armament and incitement moscow is accused of .
putin ’ s last call for kiev to negotiate with separatist leaders on an equal footing followed a further invasion of the rebels last week , after russian troops and tanks invaded the region previously .
the separatists , supported by russia , took over the handful , which , according to fears of ukrainian security officials , is the first step in a campaign to take over the strategic coastal region to crimea , control of novoazov .
for this reason , massive civilian and military preparations have been under way to establish mariupol , a steel industry with 500,000 inhabitants , which is located between novoazov and the schnönch .
poroshenko spoke at a meeting of eu leaders in brussels on saturday , urging action to prevent another russian aggression against ukraine , a former soviet republic that has been independent for 23 years .
&quot; we are about to come back to a point where there is no going back , &quot; warned poroshenko .
thousands of foreign troops and hundreds of foreign tanks are now on the territory of ukraine .
the eu summit did not decide on concrete actions , and the leadership demanded the drafting of further sanctions against russia , which would enter into force in the event of an unspecified escalation of the ukrainian crisis .
ukrainian soldiers had to withdraw from their positions in ilowajsk after two russian tank colonies and 1,000 soldiers entered the danube region last week to support the besieged ukrainian separatist .
the first probably 63 ukrainian soldiers , who were trapped by the russian invasion of ilowajsk , were exchanged on sunday for 10 russian parachute ships who were caught in ukrainian territory a week ago .
nacktfoto scandal around australian celebs and gabi grecko
geoffrey noblest did not hide his anger over hackers who probably have naked pictures of his fired gabi grecko and a who is who of the a-promis from hollywood .
the film city is in a state of upset after a series of clear photos of a jennifer lawrence appeared in a hackingskandal around celebrities on the internet .
the hacker responsible probably has 60 naked photos from lawrence , star from &quot; the tributs of panem &quot; and superstars , including the models kate upton and cara deanna .
australian actors teresa palmer , emily browning , yvonne strahovski , and grecko from melbourne supposedly also published private photos on the basis of an icloud gap .
there are 101 celebrities on the list .
most noble , who had been in love with grecko last month , said to confidential : &quot; it is disgusting . &quot;
all private letters and pictures should remain private .
it is a disgrace that private information can be stolen and passed on to others .
grecko , in new york at the moment , reported that a news website said that the hack was &quot; shameful &quot; and that the people concerned felt &quot; injured &quot; .
the hacker probably has 30 images of palmer with her ex-friend scott speedman , including two recordings where she is in the top without a pool .
palmers &apos; films include &quot; love is invincible &quot; with liam hemsworth .
palmer , chuck-star strahovski and the actress browning from sugar punch were not available for comments on the hacked pictures yesterday .
one representative lawrence said to tmz : &apos; it is a horrendous violation of privacy &apos; .
actor seth rogen condemned the hacker in his tweet : &quot; hacking images from a mobile phone is nothing but selling hehlerware . &quot;
from a legal point of view , the proliferation of stolen images should not be tolerated .
radler , jogger and wanderer were present at the 8th biking to the great feldberg yesterday , supporting the association &quot; help for cancer children &quot; .
the tour , which was a tortuous one , was a easy training for the other .
but everyone agreed on one thing : it was fun .
thomas studanski is likely to have slept well last night .
for the first time in his life , the head of the oberursel brewery went to the feldberg yesterday by bike .
for the good purpose .
he can easily hide his little muscle cater , especially since he was involved in the 8th cycle on the great feldberg in favour of the association &quot; help for cancer children &quot; ( frankfurt ) also brought personal knowledge .
it is a great thing .
&apos;i know now that i can - fine ! &apos;
small poaching on the road in the apple-auskurve ?
well , if i had stopped , had been out ...
like thomas studanski , who is sitting for the cdu in the upper city parliament , many of the 718 participants torn to mountains yesterday in the spring and came close to exhaustion , but happily at the plateau .
others , however , found it easier to cross the eleven kilometre long route between hohemark and feldberg .
norman diessner , for example .
the green politicians from the kreistag - red dress , red bike - made an understatement on the start ( &quot; lots of professionals but they don &apos;t get there ! &quot; ) .
he , too , went through the race in a ruch , as did nina kuhn , pressesprecher of the city of oberursel , who had embarked on the journey together with frank grünisen .
for the two triathletes , the &quot; feldberg bike &quot; was not necessarily a sporting challenge : &quot; this is about charity , we would like to be part of it - we would have made an exit anyway , &quot; .
on the way , they met paul wenzel from oberreifenberg .
the boy ( 12 ) had dropped down to oberursel in the morning to get straight up to the top .
the frankfurt florian zierz had waved at home at 9 a.m. in the saddle , &quot; made &quot; the feldberg twice , and then pulled home with fun .
also had fun &quot; fritten-toni &quot; .
for the head of the oberursel kultkiosk , cycling tours across the feldberg are just part of this .
he had 40 minutes on his 6.5-kilo racing bike .
a crazy event .
for this purpose - i am happy to be there &quot; , said andreas balzke .
the durchtreinierte mainzer says that he is an &quot; ambitious racing biker &quot; .
he must be , because he was on the road with the &quot; fixie wheel &quot; , which is also racing bikes , but without switching ...
the fact that it was also easy to climb without a bike proved not only by the 20 hikers who climbed up over the white wall and the punch of the foot to the summit , but also by a jogging car that pulled behind a cord .
the german federal government has been working on the new german federal state of baden-württemberg for the past few years .
the 718 participants - and thus as many as never before - were sent to groups in the morning .
hikers first at 9.30 a.m.
the first cyclists and runners followed at 10 a.m.
five minutes later the first mountain bikers started .
bent hansen , chairman of the association &quot; cycling to the great feldberg &quot; , gave the starting commands and wished the participants a nice excursion .
for next year he hope to be able to lock the route up to the feldberg to the safety of the participants .
