it was in the investigation data of the princess 's death .
london , march 6 , 2007 ( afp )
the daily daily newspaper in london pointed out that two diehard princess diana 's two hands were using computers for investigating the accident in paris in 1997 , and were stolen from the office of the former chief of the metropolitan police .
the report said that the theft caused speculation among people , and the computer might have hidden a large metropolis police chief steve vincent , who led the investigation .
however , a metropolis police spokeswoman said that the computer did not contain any sensitive information on the computer or contact the relevant investigation .
stevens is the first senior diplomat in the british police station in northam , where he is located in the area of mount tai heinburg .
the report said that the noesel security bureau 's agents had been working for a period of 10 days to investigate two cases of theft .
the case occurred between 28 and 29 january . during the weekend holidays , computers and cash were taken away , and the second one occurred last week , no loss was found .
the norwegian police also said there is no evidence that these two theft cases and sir steven stevens ' work are involved .
stevens has been tracing princess wales ' death cause for not directly causing the accident .
the royal corpse chief corp . ordered in 2004 to continue to trace the relevant evidence .
the princess diana died on august 31 , 1997 in a tunnel accident in paris . at that time , she was also killed with her wife fayed and driver .
after two years of investigation , the french police found that the driver was drunk and used to drive the fast car , resulting in the loss of control of the car .
the sri lankan war parties agreed to hold talks in geneva late this month
afp , lun on the 7th .
the mediating process of peace between the two countries , norway , said that the sri lankan war group has agreed to hold talks in geneva , switzerland on the 22 nd of this month , defusing the conflicts that have been stalled for three years in order to seek to end the ethnic bloody conflict that has lasted for several decades .
norwegian peace special envoy somham held talks with the tamil tigers in london , and after the meeting , he was given this breakthrough .
the norwegian embassy in beijing said that clashes between sri lankan parties are caused by the conflict between the sri lankan government and the tamil tiger organization , which demanded that the government assist in the negotiations in geneva on february 22 , two days after the norwegian monumental meeting in february 22 .
the two - day talks will focus on how to strengthen the negotiations on the cease - fire agreement to come into force on 23 february 2002 , and this agreement has not been fully observed by both sides .
the norwegian embassy said that the two parties will discuss how to improve the implementation of the cease - fire agreement . this is also the first time that the two sides have held face - to - face negotiations at such a high level .
somham said that he will lead the norwegian team to participate in the negotiations , and the four representatives of the tamil tiger organization led by barzan khan , and the sri lankan government will be led by health minister .
he said : the tie is the thoroughfare leading to peace . but it is important that the process of negotiations is expected to go through .
the resolution of the ethnic conflict in sri lanka was first carried out in march 2003 in japan , but the negotiations on the liberation of tamil eelam had cancelled the original plan of holding a meeting of the seventh round of talks in thailand .
the first day of the du lin winter olympic games , the south and north korean representatives entered the race together .
afp , italy 's daley , 10 th .
the 20 th winter olympic games opened in duolin today . the cold war period was a period of mutual hostility between south korea and north korea . the delegations of both sides entered the stadium together at the ceremony .
south korean woman 's fast track skating player , li baola , and north korean man 's flower - style skating player han zheng - ren , respectively head of the team of the two countries , led south korean team team to enter the winter olympic games .
this is the first time that the south korean and north korean olympic representatives jointly held the olympic games in the winter olympic games .
to reflect the latest developments in the two sides ' spirit of reconciliation and reconciliation in recent years , the sydney olympic in 2000 and the athens summer olympics in 2004 , the south korean and north korean delegations entered the games together .
north korea has not taken part in the international conference on the winter olympic in salt lake city .
the korean peninsula was split into a capitalist south korean and communist north korean peninsula in 1948 . the two sides held talks from 1950 to 1953 during the korean war .
in the southern resort of hankuang , north korea 's leader held a peace summit in 2000 , relations between the two sides became better .
according to the tradition , the greek team is the first country to enter the event , and among the 80 countries participating in the competition , south korea is the 22 nd country , the north , south korea , is the 23 rd country , to enter the race .
the landlord national grand team is the last country to enter the stadium . when the italian team entered the stadium , it immediately sounded a warm cheers and shouted with applause in the crowd .
hefman had been hospitalized in the past luckily and awakened to the challenges of the performing arts .
new york , march 16 , 2007 ( afp )
it is universally recognized as the most hopeful candidate for the olympic games this year , the movie coke : the white green blood bleeding the white male lead of the ancient king , filipino puppev , revealed that he had been indulged in drugs and alcohol when he was young a little bit . lucky , he was finally successful , and only then could he start his career of performing arts .
hefman said in an interview with cbs news magazine 60 that he felt very pleased when he visited the cbs . during that period , he was really using unscrupulous means to get drugs and alcohol .
he only appeared for 20 years and had just been drama from new york university , and entered the society of five light and ten color , and every day he moved quickly , finally he became unconscious and swollen , and lost control .
he was born in 22 years of age . he was on the spot to get rid of alcohol and drugs . that was the most panic period in his life .
the next round of the meeting of the award presentation ceremony of oscar next month , hefman , who interpreted the role of american writer kopodi , koo , : the cold blood , bai , has been considered the best male lead actor award most hopeful .
before this , his superb performance was affirmed . he has already won many prizes . he has won the approval of many award winners , including the best male lead player .
the 38 - year - old actor said during the interview that if he did not make a decision before becoming famous , he would have been unable to get the oscar nomination .
he said he admired those young people who were born in 19 years and who suddenly became famous .
four people died in bird flu in europe
brussels , march 16 , 2007 ( afp )
the avian flu virus has been continually appearing in europe , causing panic .
the european commission approved the establishment of the hankuang district , which has brought all the areas where the virus is found under control and banned all the fowls of birds from trade .
the african countries have found the death toll of 5/1 virus in africa .
egyptian officials are investigating a suspected case of bird flu in a southern chicken farm .
the european chicken market was affected by the virus incident , and the eu 's executive committee stressed that there is no reason to panic .
the executive committee is responsible for the health and food safety executive committee , dopplino , said that the public 's concern for this matter can be understood , but it is not necessary to react too .
further to the above - mentioned virus detection zones in three kilometers around the area and 10 kilometers of alert areas , the eu executive committee has also proposed new regulations to include all the h5n1 virus in the eurozone of the area of the button .
a senior official of the european union who declined to be named pointed out that everyone was shrouded in mystery , and they were handling the news of coming from all parts of europe a day or night , and that the suspected epidemic had already broken out .
up to now , there are over 1,000 muslim mulke from germany , the union of austria , the romanian king lc schumenica and russia 's territory in europe , etc. , there are all cases of the 5h1 virus in the territory of the territory .
romania found the 31 st case on the 16 th , and slovenia 's luobiya , greece , and germany also found new cases .
italy 's southern part is the second largest duck found bird flu virus on two ducks , the first in europe , and the 5n1 virus bids were infected .
eu officials are most worried about the possibility of flying back to africa .
the nigerian government is stepping up its efforts to prevent the spread of the virus to humans on the african continent .
the government of nigeria announced that all poultry farms close to the infected farms are located within five kilometers of their territory , no matter whether they are threatened by the virus , all are destroyed .
the neighboring country 's niger government announced that the country had entered a state of alert and allocated $ 4 million for emergency planning to monitor the border with nigeria .
the newly established national emergency committee said that they received notification that under the joint efforts of the two countries ' border maria , which had been alive , nearly 400 birds of birds were killed .
the china electronics banking regulatory commission will issue a new regulation on 1 march .
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to raise the deposit rate of the bank of china ( pboc ) to a level of about 10 percent in the first half of this year , according to the china banking regulatory commission ( cbrc ) on tuesday .
a cbrc spokesman said that according to the regulations of the management measures , the methods of examination and approval by foreign - funded financial institutions have basically not changed , that is , when foreign banks ' branches are allowed to open their internet banking business , if they need to add new internet banking business species , their main reporting and bank accounts should be submitted and examined in a unified way by the branch in china .
to standardize the practice of commercial banks using the internet to develop bank business , the people 's bank of china formulated and promulgated the " interim measures on internet banking business management " in june 2001 .
a cbrc spokesman said that with the rapid development of commercial banks ' electronic banking business , the interim procedures no longer meet the requirements of the monitoring of e - banking risks , the cbrc has formulated two new regulations for this purpose .
according to a spokesperson for the china banking regulatory commission , the china banking regulatory commission has made a series of decisions on the recognition of safety bodies , the administrative license for the nature of the qualification of enterprises in terms of industry access or business access , and not the necessary conditions for the evaluation of e - banking security by the assessment institution to conduct the business .
as long as the safety assessment organizations meet the relevant requirements and requirements , even without the approval of the banking regulatory commission , the financial institutions may employ them to conduct an electronic banking safety assessment , but they should exercise management in accordance with the relevant regulations .
the " procedures on management of electronic banking business " have a total of nine chapters , while the application for changing risks management data exchange with transfer of business management . the procedures governing cross - border business activities , supervisory management , supervisory management , verification , and supplementary parts .
the " electronic banking security evaluation guide " has a total of five chapters , which contains 57 safety assessments conducted by the authorities on safety assessment and implementation of safety evaluation activities and supplementary provisions .
" mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , and chen yun on investigation and study published
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the " selected works of mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping and chen yun on investigation and research " published by the central literature publishing house recently .
conducting investigation and study in depth , and persisting in integrating theory with practice , we should formulate and implement the correct line , principles , and policies under the leadership of the cpc , which are the basic experiences and basic work methods of the revolution led by the cpc .
mao zedong , zhou enlai , came to visit zhuji , a small town of zhu de , deng xiyun , chen yun , and other revolutionaries of the older generation , once made many important and incisive expositions on the issue of investigation and study . they also frequently went down to the grass - roots level to personally conduct social surveys and wrote many investigation reports .
the practice and results of their investigation and study are of great significance in guiding the party and the people 's cause along the correct road .
" mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , and chen yun on investigation and study " is divided into three parts : the first part is the speeches made by mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation on investigation and research , and the second part is the translation of the articles written by mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation . the third part was the three investigation groups dispatched by the older generation , including liu shaoqi ,
most of these reports were published for the first time .
in addition , there are two reports on the " outline of the 10th five - year plan " for the central leaders to conduct investigations and studies in the 1950 s and 1960 s .
russia reiterates adherence to one - china policy
moscow , february 6 ( xinhua ) russian deputy foreign minister alexander alexeyev met with chinese ambassador to russia liu guchang on the 6th , during which he reiterated that russia adheres to the one - china stance .
alekseyev said that russia has noticed that chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence movement .
the russian government has consistently upheld the one - china principle and firmly supported china 's efforts to realize the great cause of national reunification .
last year , the chinese npc adopted the anti - secession law . russia took the lead in openly expressing its support .
alekseyev said that the russian foreign ministry will issue a statement as soon as possible , reiterating the one - china stand and opposing taiwan independence .
china , japan to hold third ministerial - level meeting in south africa
xinhua news agency , johannesburg , february 6 ( reporter chen ming ) - lin yixing , a native of fuqing , fujian province , china , was attacked by local armed elements in his bar on the early morning of the 5th local time . on the 6th , a rescue operation was conducted at the burundian hospital in the south african capital of burundi .
according to the report by feng yang , president of the federation of chinese people in the free state , the incident occurred in the city of wellcome , more than 130 kilometers northwest of burundi .
at that time , the owner of the store , lin yixing , picked up the items inside the bar and prepared to end the day 's business .
there are three customers in the shop , one of them picked up a pistol and rushed into the bar to commit robbery .
the 40 - year - old lin yixing struggled with the criminals , and the criminals opened a gun to lin yixing , and fled afterwards .
the person who heard the news rushed to the scene sent lin yixing to the hospital for medical treatment . because lin yixing 's body had a red blood tuckemogate with all blood pipes , he had never stopped giving blood . at around 3 : 30 a. m . on 6 february , he died in the small section of the disease .
on 6 february , the chinese consulate general in york xu defu and wu gang , consular officers of the south african chinese association , and lin changming , vice chairman of the south african chinese association of fellow townsfolk , drove to burundi to help the family of the deceased deal with the aftermath of the incident .
lin yixing became the first vice - governor of the city to be shot and killed by the culprits within 36 hours and the fourth chinese to be killed in south africa this year .
china 's top newspaper selects official personnel , college graduates to work in shanghai
beijing , february 7 ( xinhua ) the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau released the latest hourly wage rates for the 2006 hourly wage for political work on the 6th , with the number of positions held on the 6th , reaching 120 , 11 more than the previous one , with the number of posts increased by 11 more , and the salary of those originally held in the original positions being promoted and reduced .
according to a report by a relevant expert from the shanghai labor and social security bureau , currently shanghai 's employees in hourly employment have exceeded one million .
according to a report by the china youth daily , college graduates and part - time personnel are the main component of the hourly work force .
through the study of nearly 8,000 hourly workers , more than half of the staff were part - time workers , and the proportion was 51.1percent .
the cultural level of part - time workers is generally relatively high , and they mainly engage in technical work , such as translating posts , as high as 81.77 percent of the total number of part - time personnel , and the number of fitness classes reaches 61.66 percent .
high income is the result of many people engaging in the work of hours and part - time jobs .
it is understood that the monthly income of individual posts can reach tens of thousands of yuan , and it will be hard to seek , just like translators , and the monthly income of hours ' jobs can be more than 2,000 yuan . for example , when the concurrent financial department is holding a concurrent job , the department of marriage is also required .
to satisfy their personal interest in expanding their knowledge is also an important part - time job that is in favor of the part - time workers .
for example , when a enterprise is the manager of the human resources department , mr. gu will take several hours a week to handle the financial accounts of a foreign representative office .
mr. gu considered that the greatest benefit from part - time jobs was to keep updating his knowledge and to have the opportunity to involve another area , of course , the income of 2,000 yuan per month also had some attraction .
as some of the hourly job opportunities have low employment threshold , the forms of work are flexible and free , and are gradually favored by many graduates who are seeking jobs , 147 percent of them are graduates of colleges and universities in the last three years .
i started not want to do an hour , but i did a few months later , i felt that it was more difficult than i worked in the evening of 9 and 5 .
after graduating from university student , huang , the work he found was not satisfactory . finally , a famous guesthouse was hung up . the background music with the piano playing .
as for my current work , i am quite satisfied . i have an hour and 100 yuan in environment . i am now doing a few more hours work .
it is understood that the work of hourly workers has become a experience in the work of some graduates working on skills , enhancing communication skills , and increasing social experience .
the graduates work on hours mainly in knowledge and skills .
part of the job skills required are not high , such as the food promoters and sales agents , the handlers , and the unemployed are able to take up jobs after simple training .
the data show that among the employees engaged in hourly work , the proportion of those who were unemployed reached 399 percent , of which the proportion of unemployed people in the retail industry was as high as 68.44 percent , the proportion of the catering industry was 58.77 percent , and the employment of employees became an important channel for unemployed personnel to find jobs .
wu bangguo inspects anhui province
beijing , february 8 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to implement the plan of building a socialist country ruled by law in anhui province , wu bangguo , member of the standing committee of the cpc central committee political bureau , member of the standing committee of the cpc central committee political bureau , recently inspected anhui province .
from 6 to 8 february , wu bangguo inspected enterprises in wuhu , wuhu , and other places in ma ' an . he went deep into enterprises ' rural research institutes and colleges and universities .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui has advantages in linking with the rural areas in the eastern region and in the rural areas along the beibu gulf . it is an important agricultural region in china with rich natural resources , good industrial foundation , strong scientific and technological strength , unique cultural and tourist resources , and tremendous development potential .
anhui should firmly seize the opportunity of promoting the rise of central china , always adhere to the central task of economic construction , seriously implement the central principles and policies in light of the actual conditions in anhui , carry out work in a creative way , and implement the scientific development concept in specific measures and in practical work .
we should sum up practical experience in a timely manner , fully rely on the masses of the people , vigorously support reform and innovation , and constantly open up new prospects for anhui 's work .
we should actively promote the building of a harmonious society , persist in maintaining good momentum of development of the fundamental interests of the overwhelming majority of the people as the starting point and the end - result of all our work , actively create conditions , gradually resolve the practical problems of the masses in difficulty , gradually adjust distribution relationships , gradually adjust distribution relationships , gradually change the dual structure of urban and rural areas , gradually narrow the gap between urban and rural areas , and safeguard and realize the results of the reform and development
wu bangguo stressed : china has reached a stage where it must rely more on the enhancement of its ability to independently innovate and the enhancement of the quality of the laborers to promote economic and social development . only by vigorously promoting scientific and technological progress and innovation can we achieve a leap in the quality of the productive forces , and truly push economic and social development onto the path of scientific development .
we should establish and improve as soon as possible a system and mechanism that are conducive to innovation , increase scientific and technological input , encourage patent inventions , develop famous brands , speed up the conversion of scientific and technological achievements into real productive forces , strengthen the enterprises ' status as the mainstay in independent innovation , and constantly raise the contribution rate of scientific and technological progress to economic growth .
we should support and encourage the participation of key technological elements in distribution , establish and improve a system of statistical indexes that reflect the ability of independent innovation , study and formulate a financial tax system and government procurement policy to support innovation on our own , and form a policy system that encourages innovation on our own .
we should cultivate an innovative awareness in the whole society , vigorously promote the spirit of being bold in making innovations and competing with others , and strive to create a good atmosphere for the emergence of large numbers of talented people .
wu bangguo pointed out : in building a socialist country ruled by law , the npc has played an increasingly important role in the process of ruling the country by law .
to do a good job in the work of the people 's congresses under the new situation , first , we must uphold the correct political direction , unswervingly follow the path of socialist political development with chinese characteristics , and organically integrate the adherence to the leadership of the party and the people being masters of their own affairs with the rule of law .
second , we should closely center on the overall situation of the work of the party and the state , closely center our work around major issues in reform , development , and stability , carry out our work by focusing on hot and difficult issues of common concern to the masses of people , and constantly enhance the practical results of the work of the people 's congress .
third , it is necessary to give play to the characteristics and advantages of the work of the people 's congresses , uphold democratic centralism , act according to the procedures , and make collective decisions on issues .
we should persistently follow the mass line , take people as the foundation , exercise power for the people , have the people 's feelings , and work for the people 's interests .
china proposes to cut ties with industry in science research plan for the next 15 years
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to increase the number of foreign companies in the country to reach the goal of the world trade organization ( wto ) by 2015 in order to enhance china 's international competitiveness , vigorously promote sustainable development and achieve a major leap forward in the country 's development , according to the " outline for the national plan for medium and long - term scientific and technological development ( 2006 - 2020 ) " published by the state council on the 9th .
these four major scientific plans are the key research projects for the research of the control and regulation of millon and the research of breeding and reproductive .
the program pointed out that protein science is the most important life science for the intense contention of the developed countries .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on studying the reprint groups of important biological systems , studying the protein groups , learning the composition of the biomass group , studying the bio - protein biological functions and the supporting effects of the protein protein mathematics and the research of the system bio - quality proteome research , etc.
the outline also maintains that the study of quantitative regulation and control is of a clear perspective and may have a positive effect on human social and economic development in 20-30 years .
china should focus on studying the carrier and regulation and control principles and methods of quantum communications , the quantitative calculation , and the new quantum effect of the limited small quantum system , the new principles and new technological basis for measurement in quantitative regulation and control , and the new technological basis .
in addition , the outline points out that nanometer has become a strategic choice for many countries to enhance their core competitiveness and is also one of the fields in which china is expected to achieve development by leaps and bounds .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on this area of research , including the control , control , and assembly of the nasdaq materials , and the electronic nets ' miami biology and nanometer , nanometer 's measurement and measurement , and the nanometer 's technology will be popularized in the energy environment , the application of information technology , etc.
china 's population growth is large , its birth defects are large , its transplant organs are seriously short , and the age of age is approaching . therefore , it is urgently necessary to make breakthroughs in the theory of reproductive and the development of science and technology .
according to the outline , the chinese government will focus on research and development of multipolarization and regulation , rebirth of stem cells , maturity and popularization of human genome , and degenerative disease in human body , and support the development of reproductive and stem cells technology .
last year , the rate of increase in housing prices in shanghai fell by nearly 7 percentage points .
shanghai , february 9 ( xinhua ) the shanghai municipal government will allocate more than 160 million yuan ( about 380,000 us dollars ) to the real estate sector in 2005 , according to the ministry of finance .
according to the latest figures , the real estate sector recorded a growth of 27.5 percent in all indicators last year .
of the total , the increase in residential prices fell 6.6 percentage points from the previous year , while the added value of the real estate industry fell 4.1 percent from the previous year .
pan zhanxin , director of the shanghai municipal bureau of statistics , said at a press conference the other day that in 2005 , the average sales price of shanghai 's commodity residential housing was 6,698 yuan / square meters , an increase of 313 yuan over 2004 .
the annual sales price of residential commodities rose 9.22 percent over the previous year , and the increase was 6.6 percentage points lower than the corresponding period of last year .
the annual growth rate of real estate industry was 67.023 billion yuan , down 4.1 percent from the previous year .
with regard to the outstanding loans by financial institutions , the outstanding loans for personal housing were 264.494 - billion yuan , and the increase was only 90.4 - billion yuan in that year , while the new loan amount in 2004 was 72.809 - billion yuan .
pan jianxin said : judging from the sales price of shanghai real estate this year , the price of commercial housing has been steady .
the statistics also showed that the average annual growth rate of the real estate price in shanghai fell by 0.8 percent in 2005 , while the average sales price of residential housing was 66698 yuan / square meters , up 313 yuan over 2004 .
in 2005 , the price level of housing sales rose 9.7 percent over the previous year , and the rate of increase fell 6.2 percentage points from the previous year .
according to him , last year , the whole city of shanghai completed investment in real estate development in 124.686 - billion yuan , an increase of 6.1 percent over the previous year .
the sales area was 31.15887 million square meters , down 9.55 percent .
the sales of commercial housing for the whole year was 2.1613 trillion yuan , down 4.55 percent from the previous year .
two light planes collided with each other in new zealand
xinhua news agency , wellington , february 9 , two new zealand light planes crashed in the north of wellington , capital of east asia , on the 9th in the airspace about 100 kilometers north of wellington , killing two students at the flight school .
according to the relevant responsible official of the local civil aviation department , the pilots of the two airplanes were all students of the institute of flying at the marsh university . they were still undergoing training and had not obtained their flight license .
at the time of the incident , the two planes were in a non - air control zone . according to regulations , when the pilots flew in such a zone , they were responsible for the navigation and safety of the aircraft .
a woman who was at the scene of the incident told new zealand media that he heard a huge explosion when the plane collided and saw the plane 's sharp fall to the ground .
another eyewitness also confirmed that after the plane crashed , he heard a huge explosion and saw the wounds of the plane crashed .
the cause of the collision is still unclear . the local civil aviation department will conduct an investigation on this .
china , argentina sign agreement on anti - china ties beijing , 13 mar ( zxs ) -- chinese in argentina strongly condemns chen shui - bian 's remarks
xinhua news agency , buenos aires , february 8 ( reporter cao yu ) the chinese delegation to the argentine peace and reunification association , which was set up by overseas chinese and ethnic chinese in argentina , issued a statement strongly condemning chen shui - bian 's recent stern remarks on taiwan independence in taiwan in an attempt to separate taiwan from china .
the statement said that chen shui - bian said in his speech on 29 january that he would abolish the national unification council [ nuc ] and the national unification guidelines [ nu ] , which were taken another step forward toward taiwan independence .
compatriots on both sides of the strait are longing for peace and taiwan compatriots have gone through the movement for peace and stability .
the statement pointed out : resolutely opposing and containing the splittist activities of taiwan independence , safeguarding peace and stability in the taiwan strait area , remains the most urgent task for compatriots on both sides of the strait and the chinese people around the world at present .
the statement stressed : the argentine council for promoting peaceful reunification is willing to hold talks with all overseas chinese and ethnic chinese from both sides of the strait in argentina in unity . they resolutely oppose any form of taiwan independence movement and actively promote china 's peaceful reunification .
prc expert on taiwan 's military threat beijing , 11 mar ( zxs ) -- chinese experts here today criticized the us military threat
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to increase the number of its troops in iraq by a year earlier , according to the report , which was submitted to congress
experts believe that this is a major contribution to china 's normal national defense construction and exaggerating the military threat theory of china , which is interference in china 's internal affairs .
the " four - year defense evaluation report " is a new document guiding the defense of the pentagon .
the 92 - page report used three paragraphs to discuss china 's military strength and the way the united states should adopt to deal with the situation in china , or in china , the two terms used by him , saying that the term was a major and newly emerging power , china has the greatest military competitiveness with the united states , and if the united states does not have any countermeasure , china is very likely to develop bad military technology and thus break the traditional military superiority in the united states
professor xu shiquan , a researcher with the world military research department of the chinese academy of military sciences , said that although senior us officials have expressed similar viewpoints many times , this is the first time in the defense strategy report of the united states proposed that china is the emerging power that may most likely challenge the united states military .
the first time the report clearly defines the strength of russia and india as strategic rivals , especially the so - called military threat against china .
guo boxiong , a researcher at the chinese academy of military sciences , said :
it is worth noting that in the " four - year defense evaluation report , " the united states president bush also submitted a report on 2007 financial year to congress , which included the defense budget of $ 439.3 - billion .
if the idea is added to the iraq - afghanistan military operation ,
peng guangqian held that the fabrication of the us threat of another country reflects the fact that the pentagon repeatedly used the old style of making enemies , and its real purpose is to strive for more defense funds and to make more profits for the us munitions industry .
experts say that compared with the huge us military spending , china 's national defense spending is quite limited .
he has attended several occasions the military expert deng hongzhou who wrote china 's national defense white papers , saying that with economic development since the 1990 s , china 's national defense spending has increased somewhat , but the proportion of national financial expenditure has declined on the whole during the same period .
official figures show that in 2004 , compared with 1979 , china 's defense spending accounted for a decrease of nearly 10 percentage points over the same period of the national financial expenditure .
china 's national defense expenditures in 2005 were 244656 560 - million yuan , only about one - third of the united states ' , and the per capita military spending of the people is only about one - sixty percent of the united states ' , and the per capita military spending of the servicemen is about one - thirty of the us military .
the national territory of the united states and china 's territorial area are roughly equal , but the difference in military spending is so huge . who is the military force that exceeds the normal defense requirements ? it goes without saying that it is a secret .
" the two sides will continue to strengthen cooperation in the fields of politics , economy , culture , science and technology , and education .
china arms control and disarmament association director teng jianqun said that the us side should objectively assess china 's military construction and that china 's peaceful development does not mean that china and the united states will become military rivals in the future .
the " 2004 china 's national defense " white paper says that china firmly follows the road of peaceful development and implements a defensive national defense policy .
in the past , china did not have any influence on any country .
so far , china has not established military bases in any other country , nor has it sent a soldier or a single soldier to other countries , while more than 100 us military bases have been set up overseas , and more than 100,000 troops have been deployed in the asian region alone .
professor xu shiquan of the international relations institute of beijing university said : china and the united states should increase communication and exchanges through the established channels , enhance understanding and mutual trust , and comprehensively advance the sino - us constructive and cooperative relations in the new century , and jointly promote world peace and development .
( winter olympics games ) the turin olympic games opening ceremony will play a passion
xinhua news agency , dushanling , february 9 ( reporter ding ying and yan tao ) the opening ceremony of the 20 th winter olympic games will be held at the duhin olympic sports stadium at 8 : 00 p.m . local time on the 10th .
on 9 april , the organizing committee of the turin winter olympic games disclosed to reporters ahead of time the brilliant arrangements for the opening ceremony .
the meeting was held in beijing on the afternoon of the 30 th , with the chairman of the organizing committee , karstini , who said at a press conference that the opening ceremony will cost a total of 10 - million euros and pool top italian personnel in various fields .
he said : the evening of 10 april will make people unforgettable . at that time , 35,000 spectators and television viewers around the world will see the successful opening ceremony full of passion .
the flame of the flame loud , the red xin - e of the blue heart of the red , the white snow and the cows of the alps will appear at the opening ceremony . the director described the scene as vibrant , the dynamic and the italian talent will become the theme of the opening ceremony , the most extensive one in history , and he will show to the people of the ancient culture of italy .
the famous italian designer amini specially designed a clothing for the opening ceremony , and the famous italian fashion brand morgan noknoo will provide a courtesy to guide the athletes to the ceremony .
however , the famous italian male elegant pavarotti will sing a song at the opening ceremony , and the organizing committee will keep this suspense in the end .
eight people who can flame on the flames will use three meters of length to drive the flame of the flames to show the passion of burning . they will use 70 kilometers of speed to shuttle in the stadium many times .
the organizing committee officials held that this was the most satisfactory performance of their performance at the opening ceremony .
on how to light the torch of the main torch , the organizing committee did not reveal it ahead of schedule , but the main torch platform , which is as high as 57 meters , will light up the real spirit and residents in the nearby alps of alps .
white house announces bush 's plan to visit pakistan and india in march
washington , february 9 ( xinhua ) the united states and china have agreed to hold talks on the nuclear issue of the korean peninsula , a white house spokesman said here today .
mcclellan said that bush is looking forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he also said that he is making preparations for this visit .
mcclellan made the remarks when he met with the press after a series of demonstrations in some areas of pakistan to protest against the blasphemy of islam .
in january this year , bush met with pakistani prime minister aziz at the white house . both sides expressed the need to strengthen friendly cooperation and jointly crack down on terrorism that endangers the security of the two countries .
bush also said that at the invitation of the pakistani and indian governments , he will pay a state visit to pakistan and india in march .
us official : hamas to form cabinet to seek breakthrough
xinhua news agency , ramallah , february 9 ( international observation ) hamas formed a cabinet to seek a breakthrough
xinhua news agency reporter , huang haoju
the palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) won the election of the legislative yuan , how to outline the blueprint of the new government has become the focus of international attention at present .
what kind of new policy will hamas pursue directly affect the next step of the relevant policy orientation of the parties in the peace process .
at the same time , the resistance of the united states and israel has added variables to the future of the hamas government .
at present , the various parties in palestine are stepping up consultations and holding consultations on the difficulties and sensitive points in forming the cabinet that involve the development of the future situation .
the premier 's position has fallen and which family has fallen
after hamas won the right to form the cabinet , some people outside the worry that prime minister hamas may have differences with the current supreme leader , hamas .
moreover , visiting egyptian president hosni mubarak stressed that hamas - led hamas - led new palestinian government would not recognize israel , and this hard signal also intensified international opposition .
the united states and israel have clearly stated that they will not accept a hamas government that has real power , and this will threaten to halt economic aid to palestine and hand over tax to palestine .
however , this does not prevent hamas from making flexible policy adjustments , and the possibility of selecting the independent is a compromise .
it is reported that in order to obtain the greatest international approval , the hamas leaders at home and abroad , including hamas leaders , at home and abroad , decided to elect an independent candidate , jahmad al-husayn , chairman of the board of directors of the islamic university school , to take up the post of new prime minister .
this move has not yet received response from the relevant parties .
palestinian analysts , hussein , said that no matter who the prime minister 's post comes down , the most crucial thing is that the hamas candidates should be as hard as possible in their hardline color . only by so doing will it be possible to guarantee the success of forming the cabinet .
the power is distributed to the masses
internally , the pressure faced by the hamas cabinet is the lack of sufficient experience in governance .
the palestine daily newspaper carried an analysis saying that hamas 's use of social welfare projects to gather people 's anger , but it lacks experience in governance and is closely related to the palestinian national liberation movement ( fatah ) , which has the experience of ruling the country .
after the election , hamas proposed establishing ties with fatah and political partners , jointly forming a national coalition government , but fatah has not given a positive response to this day .
within fatah , there are now no views on whether to join the cabinet . one faction stands for participation in the new government , thus getting some things done . the other faction has refused to accept the proposal . the faction is willing to be active opposition parties in the legislative yuan .
informed sources pointed out that under the advice of abbas , fatah gradually tends to join the new government .
even so , hamas and fatah will also hold talks on the distribution of cabinet positions .
in addition , another way is to establish a legislative committee , break away from the party - affiliated cabinet .
it is reported that hamas also designed a clear - cut and expert - like government , but the specific list of names is not known .
in view of the attitude of the united states and israel , the technical expert - type government can also be regarded as a form of cabinet formation that can reduce external pressure .
according to the provisions of the palestinian " basic law , " the two sides will nominate the prime minister and form a cabinet after the new legislative committee takes office on 16 february .
the armed forces should be the first to be armed to fight .
the weapons in hamas are the main challenge facing the formation of a new government .
the attitude of the united states and israel is very tough , and it is resolutely demand that hamas abandon violence and reject its armed participation in politics .
hamas leader mahmud emphasized on 9 august that armed resistance was a strategic choice of the organization .
the armed issue actually includes the legality of weapons and the ownership of the armed forces .
hamas has been trying to get elected as the first largest party in the legislative council through democratic and free means , and has enabled the armed factions of hamas , including maqimura , to legalize the matter , to unify it to the government 's security organs .
hamas once proposed to unify all the factions into the palestinian national authority the people 's army , but did not receive extensive response , and was also attacked by the islamic jihad organization ( jihad ) of palestine .
palestine now has more than 60,000 security personnel , and the majority of them are from the fatah camp .
in addition , fatah has some organizational relations that have loose - fitting armed factions , such as the shakei martyr brigades in amoshah , and other armed factions .
the hamas that is in charge of forming the cabinet must hold talks with abbas on how to manage the armed forces that are of their own to manage themselves , and reasonably distribute security management powers .
according to local media reports , abbas is inclined to be responsible for security and intelligence troops , police and civil defense organizations under the new government .
however , the parties are still holding consultations on this sensitive issue , and so far there is no further report .
china issues law on polar exploration
beijing , february 10 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to increase the number of marine pollutants in the country by the end of 2005 , according to the report
the " report " comprehensively reflects the spirit of china 's polar scientific survey activities and the practical experience of logistical support science and technology research .
according to the " report , " the " report " was submitted to the npc standing committee for examination at 2:15 on 9 january 2005 ( beijing time ) and the china antarctic icecap inspection team successfully rode the icecap region , the highest in the continental inland icecap region , and at 03:15 on 18 january , the highest point in the ice - smith was 4093 meters in beijing time .
competition is becoming increasingly fierce in the international polar field , the chinese people have strong will and unafraid will and spirit , and have the courage to open up new fields . first , they have launched the most influential attack on the extremely icy hills in the area , and have succeeded in one move , realizing another dream of mankind in the antarctic .
the chinese government has always attached great importance to the development of marine resources .
the " report " shows that on 24 march 2005 , china 's 21 st antarctic expedition team returned to shanghai with a complete mission . the inspection took 151 days and the voyage was 26,500 nautical miles .
on 18 november of the same year , china 's 22 nd expedition to the antarctic expedition team left shanghai to conduct scientific examination at the zhongshan station in the antarctic . it will leave the zhongshan station in australia by the end of february 2006 and return to shanghai via australia .
since it was the first time china issued the polar exploration report , the " 2005 china polar survey report " also made a detailed analysis on the china polar survey , which started in the early 1980 s .
according to the " report , " china formally joined the " antarctic treaty " in 1983 and became a member of the antarctic treaty . after the treaty became a consultative committee on the antarctic treaty , the national polar scientific research council , the council of directors of the nantou science research council , and other most influential international organizations on the antarctic affairs .
in 1997 , china became a member of the arctic science committee and won the right to speak and make decisions in international polar affairs .
the " report " points out that over the past 20 - plus years , china 's polar observation has gone through endless exploration , and has grown in scale . the length has formed the three + stations , one ship in the meng nan , and the beibu scientific inspection system . that is , the antarctic changcheng station established in february 1985 , the zhongshan station in february 1989 , the northern polar station established in february , and the huanghe dongfeng station , which started to inspect
the " report " statistics show that by the end of 2005 , china has organized 22 expeditions of antarctic science . two trips conducted by using the tangshan xia boat , the beipolar science observation station , the beipolar science research station , and the huanghe river station , which was carried out by the two sides . so far , more than 3,000 inspection team members across the country have gone to inspect the site in the inner mongolia autonomous prefecture .
now we are making preparations for the establishment of the third antarctic observation station , and are also china 's first inland station in the antarctic .
sun zhihui said :
after more than 20 years of efforts , china 's polar exploration undertaking has been conducted in the world 's polar region . however , it has been compared with other major countries in polar exploration .
he said .
sun zhihui revealed that china will publish ultra - polar survey reports in the future each year .
china , castro meet in beijing beijing , march 26
xinhua news agency , havana , february 10 ( reporter zhou enlai ) - cuban state council president castro met on the 10th with visiting chinese state councilor chen zhili , and both sides expressed their readiness to continuously strengthen mutually beneficial cooperation in education , science , technology , and other fields .
president castro warmly welcomed state councilor chen zhili on his visit to cuba .
he said : cuba - china relations are very friendly . there have been frequent high - level visits , which have effectively promoted and strengthened friendship and mutual understanding between the two sides . he hopes the two countries will continually deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in various fields , including education and science and technology .
chen zhili said : cuba is the first country in latin america and the caribbean region that has important influence .
the chinese and cuban peoples have a long history of friendly exchanges .
cuba was the first country to establish diplomatic relations with new china .
after entering the new century , with the concern and promotion of the leaders of the two countries , the political mutual trust between the two countries has deepened with each passing day , the scope of cooperation has expanded continuously , the mutual support and cooperation in international affairs has been expanded , and the friendly relations between china and cuba have entered a new period of all - round development .
she believed that with the joint efforts of both sides , sino - cuban friendly cooperation will certainly yield more fruitful results .
chen zhili also pointed out that the chinese government has always attached importance to exchanges and cooperation with cuba in the field of education .
in recent years , the two countries have been conducting increasingly close educational exchanges and frequent personnel exchanges .
china actively supports the international conference held by cuba and sent delegations to attend the world higher education conference and the 2005 illiteracy elimination conference .
cuba 's basic education level is very high , and it is hoped that exchanges of relevant experience will be further strengthened in the future .
chen zhili said : china and cuba have made great progress in scientific and technological research and development , and they can achieve mutual benefit and win - win results through cooperation in various fields .
the chinese side 's assistance to cuba 's scientific research equipment this time is in the hope of playing a positive role in cuba 's scientific research and production .
she also briefed castro about china 's strategy of rejuvenating the country through science and education and the national science and technology conference .
chen arrived in cuba on a five - day visit to cuba on february 9 , local time , at the invitation of the cuban government .
during this period , chen zhili met with cuban minister of high education vino and inspected the havana university 's research university in information science university , ho si marti , and saint maria middle school .
the accident occurred at the beijing - kazakhstan highway and the gas leakage section was closed .
harbin , february 11 ( xinhua ) the first batch of chinese engineers and engineers on the beijing - harbin highway were killed at about 23:00 on february 10 , causing the closure of some sections of the road sections .
according to the traffic police of the traffic police unit of the shuangcheng city public security bureau , at around 23:00 on the 10th , three vehicles collided with each other . a car in the bus group and an oil tank car hit one another and leaked the fissures in the oil tank car . the waste oil that it installed flowed on the road .
it is understood that the fuel tanker is loaded with waste oil that produces coke .
the dense fog is not necessarily a small amount of rubbish , and it is also afraid that there will be fire in the past vehicles . the relevant department has closed the road at the scene .
harbin is heading towards the two cities where roads are closed , many vehicles bypass .
at present , relevant departments are sorting out the scene , and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
hk to step up anti - drug cooperation with taiwan beijing , march 26 ( zang - tai ) -- according to the announcement by the huangpu group
hong kong , february 11 ( xinhua ) the hutchison whampoa company limited announced on the 11th that three companies in china , namely , telecommunications business , dealers of italy , under the flag of yantai company , will go public in italy .
and the president of the huanggang group , mr ho , said that although he had received listing approval from all relevant regulatory agencies , he had to go through the stock market in the next few weeks because the listing procedures must be completed within the next few weeks .
at the same time , the current situation of european telecommunications stocks is weak , and the market may not grant a personal travel pass for the italian tie in this period .
in view of the fact that shareholders have the greatest interest , it is decided to postpone the listing .
as to when to raise the stock market again , he said that it would depend on the future trends of the european telecommunications market .
he held that from now to the time of stock prospecting , the italy 's stock market needs to conduct extensive investor education activities to make the global telecommunications investment market more clear about the current strong performance of italy 's investment market .
according to another report , the italian group , which coordinates people from around the world , goldman sachs , agreed to sell 420 million euros in the form of sales , holding 10-0 percent of the shares of italy 's + xingju , expecting to be completed by the end of march this year .
china , japan to further economic ties , trade ties
yangon , february 12 ( xinhua ) the chinese embassy in myanmar , which is here for a visit , will hold a meeting with myanmar prime minister soe win on the eve of his visit to china , said chinese ambassador to myanmar wu dawei , minister of trade and economic cooperation , on the eve of his visit to china on the 12th .
ambassador tumu said : in recent years , the friendly cooperative relations between china and burma , which are based on the five principles of peaceful coexistence , have been consolidated and developed . exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been expanded and deepened with each passing day . economic and trade relations between the two countries have been constantly expanded and strengthened .
counselor tang haizan said : the maintenance of mutual visits by the two countries ' high - level officials has effectively promoted the development of bilateral economic and trade cooperation .
in 2004 , the two countries exchanged high - level visits , and the two sides signed 33 documents on economic and trade cooperation , most of which are being implemented and implemented .
he said : 2004 is the first year of the year of the new century , which is $ 1.09 - billion , and china 's exports to the united states $ 935 - million and imports $ 274 - million .
last year , china 's yunnan and myanmar signed a bilateral trade agreement , which was worth $ 630 million , up 24.6 percent from the year before .
tang hai said that myanmar has become a major channel for chinese enterprises to carry out contract business , and china 's main projects in burma include the xingchun bridge and the ( like the candy plant , the shaogen mill , the menggu mill , etc. ) .
chinese enterprises start engineering business in myanmar , which has led to the development of the export of all kinds of mechanical and electrical products in china . myanmar has become one of china 's major markets for exporting complete sets of equipment and machinery products .
according to chinese customs statistics , in the past five years , the export of mechanical and electrical products has accounted for 45-5 percent of china 's total export volume to burma .
counselor tang also said myanmar is rich in resources and china has started investing in the construction of the local area of the local area of burma 's bicker mine and other resources .
he expressed the hope that chinese enterprises will have a long - term view , learn how to avoid risks and make careful policy decisions , establish a good image of enterprises , ensure the quality of their projects , and win honor for the country on time .
ambassador tuk mu and counselor tang hai both held that premier soe win 's upcoming official visit to china is an important event in bilateral relations this year and is of great significance for enhancing political mutual trust , promoting bilateral cooperation , and further developing the good - neighborly and friendly relations between china and burma .
it is expected that the two sides will sign several documents on economic and trade cooperation during the visit .
world bank to reduce debt of poorest countries
moscow , february 11 ( xinhua ) world bank president wolfowitz said in moscow on the 11th that the world bank will completely relieve the poor countries of their debts before the middle of this year .
wolfowitz held talks with the russian delegation of ministers of finance , who came to moscow to attend the group of eight finance ministers ' meeting .
he said in a statement issued after the meeting that the world bank would implement the debt reduction and exemption program before 1 july this year , and the world bank is now completing all technical work for this purpose .
last year , the world bank 's donor countries completely exempted the debts owed by 28 countries and said that they would fill the funds for the relevant trust funds .
the imf 's creditor size is relatively small , and the imf has started to reduce or waive its debts by the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz 's decision to relieve russia of the debts of 16 african countries .
the high - definition digital television in the united states is gradually becoming the mainstream .
new york , february 12 ( xinhua ) the new york state administration of radio and television ( + xiaoxia ) announced on the 12th that the price of the high resolution digital resolution aircraft ( reduced or reduced by a small television series ) has been continually expanding . the us television media also stepped up the promotion of the corresponding high - definition tv program .
the us delegation , which has just come out , is using the american rugby - american rugby ball , has become a hot - spot competition for american broadcast industry to greet the era of the tall .
according to a recent report by the " financial times , " the us congress recently passed a bill , which stipulates that the broadcast industry must stop broadcast the existing simulated television signals on 17 february 2009 , and only send digital signals .
this means that the comprehensive digitization of the broadcast of american tv programs has already been given a clear timetable .
high resolution digital digital tv is needed on the one hand to purchase tv sets from consumers , on the other hand , to rely on the production agencies to provide high - resolution digital programs .
although tvb has been repeatedly mentioned in the past few years , it has never become a reality .
this problem has taken a turn for the better this year .
according to the forecast by the american consumer electronics association , the number of digital tv sets will exceed that of traditional tv sets in the united states this year , and the number of digital tv sets is 85-5 percent of high - resolution products .
the japanese researchers have developed new highly efficient human - made kidneys
tokyo , february 13 ( xinhua ) japan 's east china sea university researcher has developed a bio - man kidney , which has the same characteristics as human kidney kidney 's kidney transplant , and also has the function of retaining the function of having a material ingredient , which is easy to transplant . with the deepening of the research , it is expected to bring good news to patients with kidney diseases .
according to the latest report by the nikkei industrial news , the newly developed biological and man - made kidneys are mainly composed of two parts , and are those from the blood who have passed the tests of waste and water , xie xingyuan , a person from the mill , and the other from the original urine , the diameter of the water , and other parts of the water reused to reenter the monkey urine of the blood of the blood .
the kidney - class movement and the artificial lykeys of the people were made from the sky in the middle , and the thick nets were filled on the side of the arm of the thick wall of the person .
this type of skin cells can cause multiple blood dispersion , and the diseases may be exposed to different types of different formula , and the variation of the form of material dividends into the amhetamine acid , while at the same time , the wine graph and the minerals needed are able to re - enter the blood of the body .
in the past , the human - made kidney relied on the leakage of leakage to the filter and waste - - substitute waste , and could not completely be removed from the wounds , and it did not have the function of rereturning the components of the amhetamine and other parts to the blood .
researchers used the sheep to conduct bio - humane kidney transplant experiments , the cannon wire walls used pig - based cells in the cashole wire of human kidney .
two weeks later , researchers confirmed that the man - made kidney had been able to play its role .
at present , they are developing and using biological artificial kidneys for human kidneys and will start clinical research after verifying their safety .
china 's power industry safety still faces severe challenges
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the state power industry regulatory commission ( src ) said here today that the power industry will continue to grow in 2005 despite the fact that power safety has maintained a stable overall state , despite the fact that power production safety has remained stable in 2005 .
the state power regulatory commission vice chairman shi yubo pointed out at the national electric power safety commission 's fifth ( enlarged ) meeting held here that the overall production safety of electric power in china will be stable and steady in 2005 , and that china has successfully fulfilled its task of power supply during the peak period and summer , actively dealt with the natural disasters , basically ensuring the safe and stable operation of the power system , and greatly reducing accidents in electricity production equipment and general power grids , thus raising
however , he pointed out that with the changes in the situation of power supply and demand and the successive operation of large numbers of newly built power generating units , the safety of electricity production will face new challenges .
these challenges include regional trade , seasonal lacking , power shortage , and the power supply in some regions still lags behind ; since coal prices are still in the doldrums , the supply of coal still has a big problem , and the coal quality has not been effectively controlled , and there is no need to be effectively controlled , which will have a serious impact on the stable operation of power generating units , some power grids and equipment , and the hidden danger to the safety of power infrastructure
shi yubo said : with the deepening of reform of the power system , many deep - seated contradictions will continue to be exposed . how to maintain the stability of the ranks of workers and ensure the normal production order will become new problems facing us .
in view of the situation in the power production safety work in 2006 , shi yubo said : it is necessary to further reinforce the basic work of the management of power safety , speed up the establishment and improvement of the emergency management mechanism for power safety , enhance the ability to deal with emergencies , strengthen coordination and cooperation between power plants and power networks , jointly safeguard the safety of power grids , continue to do a good job in supervising and managing the safety of the dam , and guarantee the
it is reported that in connection with the new situation in the management of power safety , the electric power regulatory commission will make a revision of and improve the " interim regulations on investigating electric power production accidents " that have already been promulgated . meanwhile , the relevant supporting documents on the safety of the dam of the hydroelectric power station and the protection of the safety of the second system of the power supply system will be successively promulgated this year .
in 2005 , the electricity consumption of china 's entire society will reach 24689 billion kilowatts , up 13.455 percent from the same period last year .
in the face of the situation of power supply and demand still being tight , the contradiction of coal , electricity , oil , and transportation has become conspicuous , and various power enterprises have earnestly adopted effective measures to strengthen equipment management . there were no major accidents in electricity production in the whole country last year .
the power grid accident has been reduced by 127 times in the same period last year , and the number of equipment accidents has dropped by 132 times .
south african ambassador to china says south africa does not have groups of chinese citizens
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to provide aid to south african businessmen in the coming years , according to the chinese government 's policy on the protection of intellectual property rights ( ipr ) , which involves groups of ethnic groups , to the local governments of china and south africa .
he also said that the south african government will do all it can to crack down on all forms of criminal activities .
in his speech , fu said the south african government hopes to cut the crime rate to zero , and hopes that every foreign citizen working in south africa will be given the protection of local laws and citizens .
since 2006 , more than four chinese citizens have been killed in south africa one after another . the chinese world has expressed extensive concern over this .
the chinese foreign ministry has made representations to south africa and reminded chinese citizens in south africa to further enhance their awareness of security and prevention . overseas chinese should strengthen unity and friendship and cooperate with the police in cracking down on criminal activities .
we have sent a message to the family members of the victims and expressed their deepest sympathy and condolences .
" the reason why we do not agree with this is that the chinese people believe that the south african government is seriously investigating every case involving china .
according to the chinese embassy in south africa , south african police have successfully cracked the case of the murder of chen jianqing , a chinese woman in south africa on 5 february , and a suspect has been arrested .
the police are now hunting for another suspect .
according to the south african embassy in china , the south african criminal was arrested in january this year for being suspected of shooting down hong kong businessmen , and the belongings of the victims were recovered .
on the question of the possibility of the chinese citizens ' murder , fu kangning said that these incidents indeed have a very great impact on trade , tourism , and other exchanges between the two countries , but judging from the long - term perspective , the impact should not be large in the impact on the body , but the impact should not be large in the length .
according to the report by naishi , the south african embassy 's tourist commissioner , the embassy provided , in the first 15 days of this year , more than 2,000 chinese nationals were granted visas to south africa .
according to the official statistics of china , south africa will continue to maintain china 's largest trade partner in africa by 2005 .
the bilateral trade volume reached $ 7.27 billion , up 23.0 percent over the same period last year .
however , the travel industry believes that the continuous incident of chinese citizens ' murder in 2004 has had a negative impact on the number of chinese tourists going to south africa .
according to south africa 's tourism bureau , the number of chinese tourists to south africa in the first half of 2005 was 20,331 , a decrease of 14.9 percent over the same period last year .
the chinese living in south africa now have about 200,000 people , and the number of urban villages spread in south africa .
analysts here believe that the wide gap between the rich and the poor in south africa , the high unemployment rate , and the rampant gun - related crimes in south africa are not deterred , so the crime rate is still high .
since many chinese do not understand english , they have cash on their bodies and at home , and they are more prone to become targets of criminal activities for making money .
hk to step up on - the - job english learning and training
hong kong , february 13 ( xinhua ) the professional english language movement initiated by the hong kong special administrative region government on the 13th launched a new scheme to raise the english standard of the workforce .
this , with his good knowledge in english and rich life as the theme , includes the study of the english language and the teaching of english in the workplace through a series of promotional activities , and to enable employers to better understand how to help their employees improve their english standards .
up to now , the scheme has sponsored nearly 25,000 people to complete the workplace english training courses , enabling them to meet the benchmark for the relevant workplace english courses .
hong kong 's workplace english campaign is one of the first local governments introduced in 2000 .
the campaign is an important project for providing workplace english training .
the scheme aims to help employers who need to use english at work to acquire the skills of using english in international business english examinations , through participating in training and participating in designated international business english examinations .
hebei 's aids testing is conducted on a voluntary basis
xinhua news agency , shijiazhuang , february 14 ( reporter dong zhiyong ) hebei province 's health department recently formulated and issued a " implementation plan for hebei province 's aids voluntary consultation and testing work " ( trial implementation ) , which clearly stipulated the principle that aids testing and testing are carried out on a voluntary basis and released on a voluntary basis .
the " plan " has defined the guiding principles for the voluntary consultation and inspection of aids in hebei province : the testing and evaluation of aids resistance and the consultation exercise of free consultations , the voluntary testing and consultation of aids antibody , the consent of the information , the inspection and secrecy of aids antibody , and the judgment of non - compliance of the consulting and information advisory group ; the protection of the legal rights and interests of hiv carriers and aids patients is not protected , and provides
the " plan " calls for the setting up of aids consultation and testing centers at a location for the convenience of the consulting personnel . to protect the privacy of the consulting agents , there should be separate rooms for one - to - one consultations .
the choice of the advisers should fully consider the responsibility of individual quality , knowledge , and exchange .
to protect the privacy of the consulting , the inspection can be conducted by coding or coding .
the " plan " also demands that the public health administrative departments at and above the county level make public the names of the medical and health institutions that undertake the voluntary free inspection and testing of aids in their own areas and provide consultation telephone services to facilitate the masses in finding out the relevant information .
the ministry of public security is still the focus of its work on extorting confessions by torture
beijing , february 14 ( xinhua ) the ministry of public security has decided to increase the number of people injured in the traffic accident , said zheng baikang , deputy commissioner of police inspector bureau of the ministry of public security , at a press conference held by the ministry of public security .
the focus of the work of the inspectors departments is also to prevent the occurrence of these problems .
he also pointed out that some international organizations are still very concerned about the law enforcement situation of the chinese police .
the latest information provided by the ministry of public security on 14 august shows that the ministry of public security issued in 2004 the " regulations on the record of the detention measures of public security organs " and the " regulations on the application of continuing interrogations by public security organs " , which have better guaranteed that grassroots public security organs are applying the measures for interrogation according to law .
since 1997 , the ministry of communications has made great efforts to promote the improvement of three administrative items ( i.e. , the extortion of guns by force and the abuse of police firearms ) in order to force the police force of public security organs across the country to exercise supervision over the police units , the police force , the traffic police force , the public security supervision and control center , and other grass - roots law enforcement units .
to prevent law enforcement from happening at source , the police inspectors further extended the tone of law enforcement inspectors and stepped up inquiry of cases that were applicable to the police . the police department received 110 , the police department , and the police department , the police department , and the police department , and the police department , the police , and the police , also sent a case to the police .
hk to step up anti - secession law in taiwan
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the taiwan affairs office of the state council , which was formerly the honorary chairman of the taiwan strait exchange foundation , has been closed for nearly two days on the morning of 15 february for acute heart disease and respiratory failure , due to acute infections and infections of horses .
sun yun - suan was born on 11 november 1913 in penglai , shandong , and a graduate from the department of electrical machinery of harbin industrial university .
it was the first time that the kmt members held the election of the standing committee of the 10th to 13th central committee , the 11th central standing committee member , the presidium of the 14th central consultative committee , and the 15 th central committee appraisal committee member .
he was once minister of communications of the taiwan authorities .
heilongjiang promotes the ecological impact assessment of songhua river water pollution
harbin , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to cut the water level of the songhua river by 3-4 - million cubic meters in order to ensure the water level of the songhua river dry and the melting of the ice layer into the river .
this reporter learned from the heilongjiang provincial environmental protection bureau that the " national environmental protection administration " led by the state environmental protection administration to assess and deal with the ecological environment impact of the songhua river major pollution incident , which are divided into two topics , namely , the evaluation of emergency ecological ecology and the evaluation of ecological ecology , and the evaluation of the contamination project on the human body and the comprehensive evaluation of the contaminated health control project .
at present , there are 10 scientific research institutes and schools in heilongjiang province , totaling more than 60 people , undertaking 14 technical research tasks .
according to briefings , the environmental protection department and relevant scientific research institutions will conduct a comprehensive study on five topics , namely , the evaluation of the emergency environment and the study of countermeasures for the incident , in an effort to solve the environmental problems that the masses are most concerned about .
these include mainly controlling the pollution of surface pollutants and the forecast of pollutants in the songhua river that pollutants may affect the safety of the songhua river water products to collect safety , assess the impact of the emergency water supply clean technology in the cities where water supply is cut off , and the possibility of the contamination of pollutants in the water in the process of the songhua river in the process .
the heilongjiang province environmental protection department will also increase the intensity of environmental monitoring along the songhua river and severely investigate and deal with environmental pollution caused by illegal discharge of pollutants .
heilongjiang will dispatch environmental enforcement personnel to supervise and urge various localities to carry out comprehensive improvement of the environment of the small river basins , improve the management of the environment of the yanhe river , and other supporting sections of the yanghe river .
beijing university 's lingtang mourns for wang xuan academician
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to raise the national defense university to the level of the national defense university ( ndu ) after several days of intense deployment , and the beijing university 's academician wang xuan held a memorial meeting at 0900 on the morning of the 15th .
at 0800 , the opening hours of the hall were not yet available , and dozens of people outside the building had already lined up in the long queue .
this reporter interviewed wang xixin , deputy director of the beijing municipal cpc committee 's propaganda department , at the commemorative hall on the beijing university 's centenary , a black horizontal scroll was hung on the wall of the hall to deeply mourn the academician wang xuan .
the lower side of the horizontal scroll is a huge portrait of wang xuan , with a glasses , a smile on his face , and a scholarly and elegant attitude .
the two sides of the remains were placed with a few dragon trees , dozens of flower rings , and beside the two sides .
one of the wreaths was written : " my friend is han kun . "
in the mourning hall , the atmosphere was filled with heavy grief .
the memorial was attended by leaders of beijing university and teachers and students , friends of academician wang xuan , colleagues of students ' association , and many people who do not know him also specially rushed to the site .
some of them held flowers in their hands , some carried flowers in their baskets , and each of them carried small white flowers in their chest , slowly walking to the portrait of academician wang xuan , bowing with their own memories , bowing to their spirits .
many people could not help but shed their tears .
he was once director of the state administration of cultural relics , and was an old alumni at beijing university . he told this reporter that he was still working in henan province more than 10 years ago . he asked professor wang xuan to give a report on scientific and technological innovation to the provincial party committee 's cadres .
academician yin from the school of emperor 's choice is a model for us to learn . he has made important contributions to the country and society . the people will never forget him .
the professor of law at beijing university , professor jin ruilin , has been an old friend of wang for more than 40 years .
a few days ago he was just discharged and today he insisted on bowing farewell to his old friend .
during his speech , mr. jin said that he could not suppress his own grief and repeatedly took a paper to tears .
he told this reporter that professor wang xuan 's life was very frugal . he saw many people in tong fu garden , and he had already had very high achievements , but he was still very small in the flat room .
later he moved to the chengyuan garden and , at a place 70-80 square meters , lived for more than 10 years .
beijing university gave him a big gift of 140 - square - meter - high house of academicians in the blue camp , and he did not want him to , and the high - level housing provided by the fangcheng building did not want him to go to the house .
mr. jin recalled with deep feeling : wang xuan had been a foreign country providing very high treatment during his visit abroad . however , he resolutely refused to do so .
when he first insisted that he would not apply for the academician , he was only sent to fill out the form after mr. zhou peiyuan had repeatedly mobilized his personnel .
mr. kim has a deep feeling and also has wang xuan 's attitude toward cultivating young people . he repeatedly emphasized that looking at me now , what achievements do i have ? i should not look at myself , but should rely on training young people .
mr. jin said : at the age of 50 , wang xuan began to pay attention to cultivating young people . he has always emphasized that we must pave the way and that we must be willing to make the way for young people .
to one very achievement , this is a very important experience for a scientist .
this reporter learned from the beijing university information center that from 0900 on 15 february to 12:00 on 19 february , the reporters saw wang xuan 's funeral home at 0900 to 1600 every day for people of all walks of life to pay their respects .
the chinese people 's liberation army [ pla ] vice chairman xia xiaohe , who is known as the contemporary chinese , and academician of the chinese academy of sciences , chinese academicians of the chinese academy of engineering , the third academicians of the chinese academy of engineering , peking university , beijing university , beijing university , chose wang xuan , a professor of beijing university , to treat illness because of illness . at 11:33 on 13 february , he died of illness in beijing 's he@@
china , eu to strengthen exchanges , cooperation beijing , march 26
wu bangguo attended the signing ceremony and signed the agreement .
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the npc standing committee , the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) , attended the third session of the sino chilean committee on political dialogue here on friday afternoon .
the chinese npc and the chilean parliament have officially established a mechanism for exchanges .
it is learned that chilean senate president romero and chamber of deputies speaker arseno have held talks with each other in santiago , the capital of chile , recently .
according to the agreement , the two sides will , in accordance with the principles laid down in the sino - chilean communique on the establishment of diplomatic relations , establish a political dialogue relationship between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament , and hold a dialogue committee on a rotating basis at regular meetings between the two countries to jointly promote the comprehensive development of bilateral relations .
chilean ambassador to china karve karadula attended the signing ceremony .
china will introduce a new regulations on protecting the right of information network dissemination .
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to open its web sites to foreign countries in the next few years by reprinting news reports from newspapers and magazines , but many websites have not been authorized and have not paid fees to the paper , and wang zengqiang , director of the copyright department of the state copyright bureau , said at a news conference held by the information office of the state council on the internet reprinting of works that on the 15th , the state council will promulg@@
wang said that according to the current law , newspapers and periodicals have already published their works , and as long as the author does not make a declaration , the newspaper and periodical will pay the remuneration according to the law and the state copyright bureau will specially formulate standards for the reprinting and payment of newspapers and periodicals .
however , according to the provisions of the existing law , the newspaper and periodical publishing houses enjoy this legal license . at present , the internet does not enjoy the right to this statutory license .
in accordance with the relevant judicial explanations made by the supreme people 's court , the method of using the reprint of newspapers and periodicals for internet use , that is , publishing articles on the internet , which may be published on the internet . the author does not have the right to make a statement that he may not use . the internet may not pass the internet , but at the same time he must pay the remuneration .
however , as the judicial explanations do not have any provisions on the remuneration standards , the use of these works on the internet did not pay any remuneration .
with regard to the internet usage of the already published short pieces , is it applicable to the legal system ?
wang said that whether or not the suggestion can be included in the scope defined by law , and whether or not the regulations on protecting the right of information network dissemination will be promulgated this year .
russia 's military says georgia 's parliament resolution will not affect russian peacekeeping operations
moscow , february 15 ( xinhua ) the russian defense ministry said here today that the united states will not change its policy of " not interfering in other countries ' internal affairs " in the short term , a senior official of the russian defense ministry said here today
the russian state duma ( lower house ) chairman of the cis committee , koboda , on the same day issued a statement on the georgian parliament 's resolution on russian peacekeeping forces , pointing out that this resolution of georgia will undermine the stability of the situation in the region and will have an unfavorable impact on russian - georgian relations .
he stressed that the georgian parliament 's resolution has brought russia - georgia relations to a worsening stage .
he said : the georgian side 's accusation against the russian side is absurd .
the georgian parliament passed a resolution on the same day , demanding that the russian peacekeeping force stop its peacekeeping operations in the south ossetia , but it has not set a specific time limit for the withdrawal of russian peacekeeping forces .
the georgian parliament accused russian peacekeeping personnel of failing to fulfill their obligations and taking russian actions in the conflict area as a tie trying to swallow up the territory of georgia .
the georgian parliament has demanded that the government take positive action to consider stationing in the south ossetia conflict region to replace the current russian peacekeeping operations in the region .
the georgian parliament also instructed the government to revise and determine the relevant agreement on the stationing of russian peacekeeping personnel in the conflict - ridden region .
the south ossetia is an autonomous state of georgia , where it borders the republic of north ossetia .
after the disintegration of the former soviet union , it declared independence on its own and was in a state of confrontation with the georgian central government for a long time .
at present , russia has over 1,500 troops stationed in the region .
this unit is formed under the command of the local government of georgia , northern ossetia , and the local troops stationed in the region .
the fire broke out at the liaoyuan hospital , and four responsible persons were charged with the crime of being suspected of causing a major accident .
changchun , february 16 ( xinhua ) the first session of the 11 th national people 's congress ( npc ) held in beijing on february 16 , the accident investigation group decided to take responsibility for the accident , including the death of zhang diankun , head of the hospital 's electric work squad , and four other people , who were suspected of committing major accidents .
on 15 december 2005 , the largest coal mine in liaoyuan city was hit by a fire at the yuhang hospital , which eventually killed 39 people .
in this fire , the excessively arose area was more than 5,000 square meters .
it is understood that this is the first time that the national medical and health system has been in a state of fire since the founding of new china .
according to investigations , at 1630 on the day of the incident , the liaoyuan city central hospital suddenly stopped power . according to the circuit design of the hospital , if the electric gate is halted , the electric box lock will automatically jump to the deputy gate , and the normal power supply will continue to be maintained at the hospital . however , the electric gates were not automatically gadgets . the battalion commander , zhang diankun , was forced to
at that time , the underground cable that bucked out smoke , more than 10 cable cables were impenetrating into a mess and impassable , and such cable should be placed on a floor in a very neat manner , and fire - prevention layer should be set up .
therefore , the 57 - year - old liaoyuan textile company 's electric gas team leader zhao yongchun , who is a retired cadre ( senior engineer ) of the bureau of electric industry , returned to work as a worker at the central hospital of liaoyuan city after retirement from the central hospital . jin chengtai , a three - year - old cadre , will also be charged for suspected involvement in a major accident of responsibility .
china 's rural tourism industry opens in guizhou
guiyang , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government will implement the " water pollution control law " in the tianlong village of tianlong town , pinga county , guizhou province , on the morning of the 16 th , and will be smiles with joy on their face .
at 10:30 , wang wei , who is praying for the good of the long - sleeved shirt , was moved to the square in the morning to make a sound response to the first anniversary of the first spring festival in guizhou , which is the first spring festival in guizhou .
tin lung tau village is a village tourism development model in guizhou 's rural areas and a national rural tourism demonstration spot .
as a year of the red army of the ming dynasty , a descendant of the tuen mun river and a man of the castle have moved about more than 600 years .
here , we can see from everywhere the " blue knight " of the long sleeve , the ancient han culture and the clothing of the guy folk and the jewelry in the village of tuen mun .
it is understood that the tienong village , relying on this cultural tradition advantage , has developed rural cultural tourism from 2002 . the admission ticket income for the year 2005 alone reached 3.8 million yuan . there are over 477.0 percent of the villages in the village participating in the tourism through the sale of tourist products by the food industry , drinking , and travel by farmers , etc. , the per capita income of the peasants has increased from over 1,300 yuan in 2002 to 2,640 yuan in
the guizhou tourism bureau , director yang shengming , said that following the first tour of tianlong and tengcang in rural areas , new experience in tourism in rural areas , new experience , new wind conditions , as the main theme , this year all rural tourism activities in guizhou will reach 35 .
so far , guizhou has more than 130 villages and villages to conduct various village tourism projects . by 2005 , over 600,000 rural households across the province have extricated themselves from poverty through developing tourism .
in january , the housing prices in 70 cities across the country increased 5.55 percent , and housing prices in shanghai continued to slide .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to increase the number of housing sales in 70 large and medium - sized cities in january this year , up 5.55 percent year - on - year , down 0.7 percentage points from the previous month , according to the latest report .
housing prices in shanghai continued to slide .
the state development and reform commission released a data on 16 january , indicating that among 70 large and medium - sized cities , the prices of housing were low in january this year , and that of hohhot city residents surpassed 10 percent in dalian , while the price of shanghai housing continued to drop by 0.4 percent year on year .
the same - language statistics show that in the first quarter of last year , the housing sales prices in shanghai also rose by 19.1 percent over the same period last year . after that , a turning point was shown . in the second half of last year , a slight decline was recorded over the same period last year .
in january this year , more than 12,000 new residential houses were sold in 70 large and medium - sized cities , down 0.2 percentage points from the previous month .
the increase in new residential housing in the first half of this year was due to the rise in the number of residential housing units in chengdu , which was 9.1 percent of the population in beijing , and the rate of decline in shanghai was 3.1 percent .
the organization department of the cpc central committee urged the further efforts to supervise the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres and cadres .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the central organization department recently printed and distributed opinions on strengthening the work of supervising cadres .
the " opinions " urged organization departments at all levels to proceed from strict management and care for cadres , to carry out cadre training and education examination , and to select and appoint cadres in various links in daily management , and to establish and improve a supervision mechanism for preventing cadres from unauthorized discover and correcting problems in a timely manner , so as to effectively strengthen supervision over the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres and cadres .
the " opinions " pointed out : the main task of organizational departments in supervising cadres is to supervise leading bodies and leading cadres , with the focus on strengthening supervision over the principal responsible persons of leading bodies , and second , supervision over the work of selecting and appointing party and government leading cadres . the focus is on grasping the supervision and inspection of the implementation of the " regulations on selecting and appointing party and government leading cadres . "
while conducting a thorough investigation and study of the problems of the leading bodies and leading cadres , we should unswervingly grasp education in ideals and convictions and in the anti - corruption campaign , and should educate the people in the process of cadre cultivation , selection , management . we should guide and urge leading cadres to enhance their party spirit and cultivate , and persistently govern for the people by building the party for the people .
the newly promoted cadres should be given a clear - cut attitude in their speeches on honesty and self - discipline .
we should urge leading bodies at all levels to uphold democratic centralism , establish and improve rules and procedures for discussion and discussion of matters , and conscientiously implement the system of combining collective leadership with individual responsibility in the division of work .
we should lay stress on the supervision , organization , and personnel of the principal responsible persons of the leading bodies , and regularly hold talks with the principal responsible persons of the lower - level leading bodies , and understand the situation in their ideological work style and other aspects .
we should establish and improve the system for day - to - day management and supervision of leading cadres , regularly understand and analyze the ideological and work style of the leading cadre contingent , and put forward opinions and measures for resolving problems .
we should carry out the system of leading cadres admonishing leading cadres and the system of giving official talks and assigning letters to leading cadres , and find out any symptoms of problems that may lead to the unhealthy trend and promptly hold admonitory talks or a written inquiry .
we should seriously investigate and deal with the conspicuous problems reported by the masses of leading cadres , and give them criticism and education or corresponding organizational punishment in cases where there are indeed problems , thus constituting a transfer of disciplinary and disciplinary - enforcement organs for disciplinary - enforcement actions that have no problems with investigation .
at the same time , we should combine strengthening supervision with encouraging cadres to boldly explore new ways and blaze new trails , and pay attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the " opinions " demand that the organization ( personnel ) departments at all levels earnestly strengthen the supervision over the selection and appointment of party and government leading cadres .
further improve the system of nominating cadres and deliberate draft decision on the selection of cadres , and strictly implement the supervision measures for selecting and appointing cadres , so as to make the work of selecting cadres with the work style of the people who have the confidence of the masses in the work style of having the cadres at various levels .
we should strengthen the supervision and inspection of the implementation of the regulations on appointing cadres , seriously investigate and deal with violations of the regulations on appointing cadres , and resolutely check unhealthy trends and corrupt phenomena in employing cadres .
we should implement a system of supervising and checking the problem of employing people in serious violation of regulations and intensify supervision and investigation .
we should establish and improve a system for investigating and affixing responsibility for the work of selecting and appointing cadres , and scientifically define the responsibility of principal parts in each link of the work of selecting and appointing cadres in accordance with the principle of having powers and responsibilities in one respect , clarify the methods of investigating and affixing responsibility , and intensify the work of investigating and affixing responsibility .
and give full play to the role of mass supervision , establish and improve the mechanism for reporting security cases .
and give play to the role of public opinion supervision , and report to the media in good time on the situation of selecting and appointing cadres and to accept supervision by public opinion .
the " opinions " pointed out : we should further improve the mechanism for coordinating and coordinating the work of supervising cadres .
the organization ( personnel ) departments should strengthen coordination with the discipline inspection organs and establish a system of responsibility for the work of improving the party style and building a clean and honest government with the discipline inspection organs , and strengthen the joint force of supervision .
and work with discipline inspection organs to seriously do a good job in inspection work , improve inspection methods , improve inspection system , and improve the quality of inspection tours .
and work with the auditing organs to conscientiously implement the economic responsibility auditing system for leading cadres .
improve the system of internal supervision of the work of selecting and appointing cadres in organization departments .
hk to step up anti - secession law beijing , march 26
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the taiwan authorities ' economic affairs department announced on the 15th that meijing shih shuhung , one of taiwan 's yok twin xiong , will be punished on the 15th by the economic management department of taiwan .
taiwan 's " chung - kuo shih - pao " reported that this was the result of chen shui - bian 's active management of cross - strait economic and trade policies and proposals , and the taiwan authorities ' first instance of punishment on taiwan businessmen 's investment in the mainland .
it was reported that taiwan 's economy ministry backed the authorities saying that the joint power was punished because of violating the regulations governing relations between the people on both sides of the strait and the procedures for approving investment in the mainland area under the cooperation of the punitive technology .
in the future , the parties will decide whether to join the power company .
the power - generating case begins in february 2005 .
at that time , cao xingcheng , then chairman of the united microelectronics company , openly stated that unita has not violated any regulations of the taiwan authorities . the united microelectronics is providing assistance to the company 's ship - based science and technology in order to benefit the united microelectronics . if the united microelectronics does not enter the mainland market as soon as possible , it will lose its business opportunities .
after that , the taiwan authorities ' supervisory committee breaches relevant commercial information and discloses its investigation into the company 's financial situation .
on 9 january 2006 , the un general electric company 's board of directors accepted cao xingcheng 's resignation . after several hours , cao xingcheng was formally indicted on suspicion of making investment in the mainland in violation of regulations .
the united microelectronics and taiwan 's chip circuit ( called " taiwan stock " ) and the chin between taiwan 's yen circuit and taiwan 's yen weng - hung are high - tech enterprises on the island .
the taiwan authorities have been trying to make a series of investigations and studies of the united microelectronics company over the past year , and this has attracted the great attention of all circles on the island .
hk to step up anti - smuggling activities in macao the second term of the year of the chinese people in macao .
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the second ministerial meeting of the association of lords in macao , which i 've got in my mind , was announced in beijing on the 17th that the macao sar , which contains a script written on my mind , with the name of the name of the chinese people around the world , will be selected by the chinese people from all over the world .
this large - scale cultural competition was jointly sponsored by the macao foundation and the 100 - flower literature publishing house , " the exotic edition of the essay language and the sea edition . " chen jiangong , vice chairman of the chinese writers association , and others , was appointed as the director of the appraisal committee .
in 2004 , the fifth anniversary of macao 's return to the motherland , macao 's marcos , which was held in my heart , was held in the first time . literary enthusiasts at home and abroad actively responded to the event . the organizing committee received a total of over 8,000 entries , and more than 10 winners at home and abroad were invited to the macao sar for awards .
the executive yuan member of the macao foundation , wu zhiliang , said at a news conference on 17 february that last year , the historical district of macao was listed as world cultural heritage . this not only means that macao people have long been affirmative of macao 's community management , but also means that the chinese nation 's traditional ethnic minorities and ethnic groups of different groups have been formed and friendly in 2006 , and macao decided to establish the world heritage in 2008 .
wu zhiliang said : it is precisely under this good cultural atmosphere that the macao foundation and the 100 - hua literary and art publishing house , the " spread of the old stuff " , which was held in my heart , the second time , i held a large cultural competition . i hope that the participants will show through their works their love for the humanistic and auspicious atmosphere in macao , the stability and auspicious atmosphere in the special administrative region , and the enligh@@
it is reported that the competition was closed on 1 september this year . the " foreign edition of the prose and sea " will open special columns to select and publish the entries .
the results of the appraisal will be announced in early 2007 in the macao sar .
shandong has successfully implemented a new case of cardiovascular heart transplant operation
xinhua news agency , jinan , february 17 ( zhang yuqing , shen yao qin ) the blood transfusion disease research institute of the jinan military region recently successfully carried out a baby 's heart transplant operation .
on the 17th , the reporter saw in the center for heavy disease control that the 51 - day baby was full of face and cramped . all monitoring and inspection indicators were normal . they smoothly passed the critical period of the operation . they were playing with great interest the toys they bought for him by the medical personnel .
according to the doctors who received the same day , this medical worker from tai ' an rural area in shandong was sent to the hospital by his parents . he was all green and had a difficult breathing . after examination and diagnosis of a pathogenic heart disease , he was required to undergo heart transplantation .
the heart transplant operation is the most difficult one for heart surgery , the most complicated operation .
in particular , the number of babies ' heart transplant surgeries under one year of age is still blank in china .
the jinan military region 's institute of cardiovascular disease organized experts to repeatedly demonstrate the incident , carefully designed the operation and post - care plan , and innovated on the methods of tying blood vessels and conducted animal experiments .
on 28 december 2005 , at 0800 , the operation officially began .
the heart is a woman who died from the congenital lung and caused breathing error to suddenly stop .
the operation must be in line with six blood vessels , and the sewers must be more than 510 needles . each needle is less than 3 millimeters .
at 295 minutes later , the operation was completely successful .
the state administration of safety supervision and administration of coalmines have been the top priority for this year in curbing major and serious accidents .
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the following is the full text of the speech :
the reporter learned from the state administration of production safety on 17 august that in order to truly curb the occurrence of major and serious accidents , such as coal mines , coal mines are the top priority .
this year , the state administration of coal mine safety and safety will do a good job in the following three aspects :
go on with yuren to fight a strong gas control battle .
vajpayee will first select some of the candidates this year .
if the high gas mine pits are not implemented , they may be used by local authorities according to law .
go on with each other to fight a battle of closing .
we should make public to the public the 5243 cases that have been announced , and the more than 700 coal mine pits recently reported by various localities have been shut down and closed down .
it is necessary to take the closure as a regular task and to close down those enterprises that pollute the environment that pollute the resources and fail to possess safety conditions .
the coal mine safety management should be strengthened .
we must immediately correct the practice of stopping the slide of state - owned mines by the minority , and guide the establishment of a standardized safety management system for small mines where management is chaotic .
in particular , we must grasp key state - owned coal mines and must not allow excessive strength and extra - large coal mine workers to produce .
this year 's production safety control index requires that the number of deaths of various types in the country has dropped by 33.5 percent over last year , among which coal mines have dropped by 3.55 percent .
ten people were killed in an extraordinarily serious accident , with a total output value falling by 55.0 percent , of which coal mines fell by 77.0 percent .
these control targets have been assigned to the people 's governments at all levels , and the implementation of the plans at the grass - roots level and enterprises is being carried out in various localities .
statistics show that in 2005 , 59.86 coal mine accidents across the country were killed , down 0.77 percent from the same period last year .
however , the number of exceptionally serious accidents involving more than 10 people has risen to its surface , with the number of people killed increasing 66.66 percent over the same period last year .
( international ) barroso calls on all parties to make compromise in future kosovo status talks
xinhua news agency , belgrade , february 17 ( reporter he yi ) prescott news : european commission president barroso met with visiting chinese vice premier qian qichen at the kosovo capital plishwara on the 17 th . he expressed the hope that all parties concerned will make compromise and preparations in the future talks on kosovo 's status and will ultimately work for the establishment of a democratic and multi - ethnic kosovo .
barroso met with the chief executive of the interim authority of cote d ' ivoire , representatives of the serbs in kosovo , and said that all parties concerned in kosovo should take a lenient attitude to establish a democratic and multi - ethnic union kosovo , a kosovo that respects the government 's ruling power and protects the rights and interests of ethnic minorities , which is recognized by the international community .
he also stressed that the european commission would do its best to help kosovo 's development .
barroso also expressed his admiration for the progress made by the united nations in implementing the eight standards for the democratic process in kosovo .
he said that the implementation of these standards is a major factor affecting the integration of kosovo and europe .
he also called on all serbian people in kosovo to join the organizations in kosovo to make their due contributions to realizing democracy and the integration of multi - ethnic groups .
barroso arrived in the capital of plaza on the same day for a one - day visit .
earlier , barroso visited croatia and serbia and montenegro and will visit macedonia and bosnia - herzegovina .
( winter olympics , stimulant , news analysis : dispatch of leopard incidents may not end
xinhua news agency , dushin , february 17 , news analysis : the dispatch of legends may not be settled
xinhua news agency reporter gao peng ding
although italy has repeatedly issued orders and orders , the two countries have been found to use stimulant athletes during the turin winter olympic games , which may be affected by the balloting in jails , judging from various situations , it is not very likely that this kind of situation will occur in russia , the main corner of the sponsor scandal , the first case of the stimulant scandal at the current olympic games .
the turin winter olympic games opened on 16 august , the first case of stimulant scandal since it opened . the oranga faction leavers were found to have used banned drugs cards .
the international olympic committee announced the next day that leva had been sent out of the winter olympics . she won the winter of the second in the winter olympics . she also won the silver medal in the women 's 15 - km personal championship at this winter olympic games .
the world cup two - day league made a decision on sending leaning teams for two years on the same day .
the ioc has all along stipulated that athletes are found to be using stimulants at the olympic games and will be cancelled and deprived of their qualifications for the games , but they are not subject to legal sanctions .
however , according to italian law , the athletes carrying and using stimulants are criminal acts , and the judiciary has the right to directly arrest and investigate the athletes using stimulants , and the lawyer who defects the law is also faced with imprisonment for three months to three years .
in december last year , the ioc and the italian government , after a year of incurring prices , finally reached an agreement this year . both sides agreed to hold a meeting in accordance with italian law to deal with the incident of athletes using stimulants during the winter olympics .
through the unremitting efforts of the international olympic committee , the italian side made a concession four days before the opening of the winter olympic games and promised that the police would not enter the olympic village to search the place where the athletes are staying during the winter olympic games . however , the athletes with a positive drug inspection will still be investigated by the italian procuratorial organs .
it is reported that the italian government supervises the officials of the turin winter olympic games , perkins , has sent leva 's stimulant incident to the duuren procuratorial organs .
however , the international olympic committee and the pestker himself have not yet confirmed this .
russia 's winter season team team team team team team andy demtoov revealed at noon on 17 august that leva had left turin and returned to china .
he has served as a member of the anti - doping agency of the world , and has worked for many years in the chinese sports official . he said that once the lea sent by lea leaf to the country , this affair may have been cleared by a bit .
shi kangcheng said : the ioc and the italian government have made positive efforts to deal with the issue of anti - doping agent in the winter olympics . even if the italian procuratorial organ really did intervene , it is hard to say that the result was too .
according to the previous italian standard of use of stimulant for its athletes , the number of penalties received by the banned is just two years ' imprisonment .
therefore , the italian anta news agency 's senior reporter pieri said that the possibility of sending leava to prison was very small , and most of the time was fine .
pieri also said that although the italian court could have an absent trial , it is impossible for the italian police to send leva back to take the execution .
if we dispatch leopard to refuse to accept the verdict , the italian side also has no way to take it .
news from comprehensive : new epidemic sites continue to occur in various countries in the world
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to ban the import of live birds from africa , according to a report by xinhua news agency .
the world health organization confirmed on 17 august that three regions of egypt had found bird flu viruses .
in europe , france also discovered for the first time the five types of avian flu virus , and european countries exercised high vigilance and strengthened epidemic prevention measures .
the world health organization 's ( who ) east mediterranean region ( asean ) is currently working with the cairo in central egypt and the three southern regions of miniature chaga in the south , said hassan , adviser to the who 's eastern mediterranean region , on tuesday .
experts pointed out that egypt is the most important destination for migratory birds from the middle east and north africa , and it is very likely that migratory birds will bring the avian flu virus into the country .
egypt has announced that it has banned the import of live birds from abroad and has also stepped up quarantine work at border ports .
the two sides exchanged views on the situation in the kashmir region , the capital of cameroon , and the situation in the region .
cameroon has decided to suspend all the poultry imports from nigeria where the avian flu epidemic has occurred and to suspend all the poultry and pork imports from the two countries .
the cameroon government also built a large - scale comprehensive epidemic monitoring network within a short period of time , and the basedes center and the national veterinary medicine laboratory are also in an emergency state , so that they can carry out testing work on the 5/1 virus in the area at any time .
in europe , denmark and sweden initially ruled out the outbreak on 17 august .
the swedish institute of veterinary medicine released a report on the testing of dead swans this wednesday , indicating that sweden 's swans had not been infected with the avian flu virus .
denmark 's preliminary laboratory results showed that the danish government had found 30 of the dead swans in denmark recently .
but the agriculture department said denmark could not take it lightly .
the country 's economy has been growing at 9 infected spots since the beginning of this year , and world health organization experts said in bucharest on the 17th that almost all of the regions in the danube delta have had avian flu , and that romania is likely to be under the threat of avian flu in the next three or five years .
the number of people living in bangladesh in asia has been increasing , and the government has taken all necessary measures to prevent avian flu .
the government livestock services bureau ( cda ) has provided relevant officials with books on the prevention of avian influenza and has also organized poultry farmers to provide training .
china 's top newspaper executes information on blood management system in zhejiang
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to provide the first batch of blood information data management network ( dss ) in the province to be built and put into operation in the center , according to the blood center of zhejiang province .
the responsible person of the blood center of zhejiang province said that this means that in the future , any citizen will be required to take part in non - compensatory blood donations by blood agencies in any county ( city ) of zhejiang province , and that when he makes another blood donation , he can only enter the blood code of the name of the blood in blood , which contains blood information of the generation .
the responsible person further explained that if the relevant code is imported , it will be difficult to systematically show that the insolvent blood is still not available for interval , and it will be impossible to indicate that it does not meet the current condition of blood donation .
this will not only protect the blood of the donors themselves , but also effectively protect the health and safety of the victims .
in addition , when blood is in short supply , the blood donors and their relatives have the right to first use blood . as long as you input the effective documents of the blood donors , you can immediately show the information of the blood donors , which is quite convenient .
according to a report by hangzhou 's " today 's morning news , " this information system has already been put into operation in all 36 blood supply organizations throughout the province , and the blood resources of various blood supply organizations across the province can also be displayed real time , thus realizing the sharing of data in the whole province .
to prevent the recurrence of landslides in the philippines , 11 villages have been evacuated from the area .
manila , february 18 ( xinhua ) the philippines has approved a total of 125 million u.s. dollars of land in the country 's eastern province of manila to prevent the recurrence of similar landslide incidents , local officials said here today .
the official of the lesotho province , rostellias , said that the hillside of the village on the 17th was located in the same region with similar characteristics .
the 11 villages that have been evacuated will be resettled in seven evacuation centers .
larias said : the government ordered residents to withdraw yesterday and sent another people to inspect the villages today because some people did not want to leave their homes .
the 17 th landslide occurred in the southern part of the southern province of sao bersodium town , where the television screen showed that the soil and stone were completely removed from the entire village . the only thing we could see was a few roof .
as the soil is very thick and humidity , it is very humidity that the people buried below can survive and hope very slim .
at present , 109 people have been found dead and 57 others have been rescued .
it is estimated that the death toll this accident may reach as high as 1,800 .
( overseas chinese situation in the hometown of overseas chinese ) quanzhou , southern fujian , was up 35.2 percent in january year
fuzhou , february 19 ( xinhua ) the total amount of foreign trade in january this year continued to maintain a high growth rate .
according to customs statistics , in january , quanzhou exported $ 330 million worth of goods , setting the best record in history , up 35.2 percent over the same period last year , higher than the average growth level of the province .
according to the analysis of the foreign economic relations bureau of quanzhou city , the high - speed growth of foreign trade in january mainly benefited from the fact that , with the support measures for foreign trade in quanzhou , enterprises ' export enthusiasm is running high , the quanzhou economy is operating actively , enterprises have strengthened their confidence in operation , and the highly efficient and unimpeded environment for foreign trade development .
