the report was written into two of the two pieces of mobile computers in the death of princess diana .
london , march 6 , 2007
the london daily telegraph pointed out that two sets of investigation data on the death of princess diana in paris 1997 were seen as a stolen from the office of former chief of police general .
the report said that the theft triggered speculation that the computer might have hidden a stolen property from the former metropolis chief of police , sir stevens .
however , a spokesman for the metropolitan police station said that there was no sensitive information in the computer or the information relating to the investigation .
sir steinson is the chief officer of the norfolios police agency in britain , and his office is in the area of tamiflu .
the report said that the secretary - general of the norfolio police bureau had been tracing two theft cases in the past 10 days .
the case occurred during the weekend holidays from january 28 to 29 , including computers and cash , and the second theft occurred last week .
the namibian police bureau also said there was no evidence to show that the two theft cases and the work of sir stentatit .
stillln has been tracing the cause of death of princess wales , not directly leading the accident .
the royal corpse , bruce , ordered in 2004 , to continue to trace the relevant evidence .
princess diana was killed in a traffic accident in the paris tunnel on august 31 , 1997 . the other woman who died together with her was her husband fayed and driver .
after two years of investigation , the french police believed that the cause of the accident was due to the driver 's drink driving and taking drugs , which caused the car to lose control .
the sri lankan war authorities agreed to hold talks in geneva in late february
afp , lomo , 7 th .
norway , which is in the middle of the middle east , said that sri lanka 's warring groups agreed to hold talks in geneva , switzerland , on the 22nd of this month , and resolved the stalemate in the negotiations for the ending of the decades - long racial bloody conflict which has remained until now .
norway 's peace envoy solheim met with the liberation tiger organization of tamil yulan , after meeting in london , and won the breakthrough .
the norwegian embassy in beijing said in a statement that the government and the government of sri lanka were engaged in the conflict , which was the liberation tiger organization of tamil elyland , and demanded that the norwegian government assist in holding negotiations on february 22 and 23 .
the two - day talks will focus on how to strengthen the ceasefire agreement that took effect on 23 february 2002 , and the agreement has never been fully observed by both sides .
the norwegian embassy said that the two sides will discuss how to improve and implement the ceasefire agreement , which is also the first time in three years that the two sides have held face - to - face talks at such a high level .
sohm said that he will lead the norwegian team to participate in the negotiations , and the four representatives of the tamil tigers ' liberation tiger group , barzhan , will lead the sri lankan government by the minister of health .
he said : the piloting is a small step leading to peace , but the process is expected to be arduous .
the first face - to - face negotiation for the settlement of the sri lankan racial conflict was held in japan in march 2003 , but the tamil tigers liberation organization canceled the original seventh round of talks in thailand in april 2003 .
south korean delegation leaves for beijing olympics
italy , yidano , 10 th .
the 20 th winter olympics opened today in duilin , where the south korea and north korea , which were each other 's enemies during the cold war , joined hands in the ceremony .
south korean woman 's cricket competitor li baoa and north korean man 's skating competitor han zheng - jen are respectively the head - on of the two countries ' teams and lead the south korean delegation to the winter olympic games .
this is the south korea and north korea 's olympic team for the first time in the winter olympics .
to reflect the spirit of unity between the two sides in recent years , the olympic games in sydney in the summer of 2005 and the summer olympics in athens in 2004 were both in south korea and north korea .
north korea did not participate in the 19 th winter olympics held in the united states ' salt lake city .
the korean peninsula was split into a capitalist north korea and communist korea in 1948 . the two sides held a joint military exercise between 1950 and 1953 .
the leader of south korea held a peace summit in 2000 , and the relations between the two sides became better .
the greek team is the first country to enter the world cup , and the first country to participate in the tournament is the 22 nd north korea , 23 rd country to enter the world cup .
the landlord , goni , is the last country to enter the stadium . when the italian big profit team entered the stadium , the warm cheers and applause burst out in the stadium .
hollywood once had a delight drug and was fortunate to wake up to the creation of a performing arts
new york , march 16 , 2007
it is generally acknowledged that the hope is to win the championship of oscar this year , and the main actor of the pachulius in the cold blood , the filipino king , the filipino mosman , revealed that he had been unconscious during a period of less than crazy , and that he could not stand himself in drugs and wine .
in an interview with cbs news magazine , holman said that he was very happy to have the drug and wine during that period .
at that time , he came out , just graduated from the college of opera department of new york , and entered a society of five - light , all the way of life he spinned , and finally he became nervous and lost control .
he was admitted to the eril 's detention center in the 22 year and alive the habit of drinking and drug taking there , which was the most panic in his life .
the upcoming oscar awards ceremony will be held next month . howman explained the us writer koo 's role as a us writer , tubes , and priesty : the cold blood has been seen as the most hopeful to win the best male leader award .
before that , his superb performance was affirmed long ago and has won many awards , including a gold medal , the best male player .
the 38 - year - old actress said during the interview that if he did not make a mind to mend the bad habit before becoming famous , he might not be nominated by oscar .
he said he envy those 19 years old , who suddenly became a dagger .
bird flu traces four european , lithuania , panic
brussels , march 16 , 2007
the virus has been found in europe , causing panic .
eu executive committee approves setting up another bucharest control zone to include all areas where virus is discovered in countries and ban the delivery of all poultry organisms .
africa and nigeria were found to have a deadly bird flu virus eight days after it was discovered , and the disease continued to expand to more farms , showing signs that the northern border has already crossed the northern border into niger .
egyptian officials are investigating a sudden outbreak of chicken farm in the south , worrying that the virus may continue to spread .
the european chicken market was affected by the virus , and the big drop was in the market . the eu executive committee stressed that there was no reason to panic .
the executive committee is responsible for the health and food safety executive committee , diepo , said that the public is concerned about this matter , but it does not require excessive responses .
following the virus detection site three kilometers in the area and 10 km of warning zone , the eu executive committee has also issued new regulations to list all the european areas where the virus is discovered as a buttress .
a eu official who declined to be named pointed out that everyone was nervous and that they were handling the issues of the origin of the disease from all over europe a day to evening .
so far , austria has a total of austria 's soyuz seiko , and the republic of romania , slovenia , and russia 's territory in europe and other places , all showing signs of the 5mono virus , almost all of the wild swans .
romania discovered 31 cases on the 16 th , while slovenia 's greek and ruan island of germany also discovered new cases .
in southern italy , two ducks were found to have avian flu virus on their bodies , the first wild swans in the european region , and the 5duck virus was infected .
the most concerned eu officials are now about to fly back to africa .
the nigerian government is working hard to prevent the spread of the virus to humans in the african continent .
the government announced that all the five - kilometer - long bird species in the area near the infected farm , regardless of whether there is any virus threat , will be destroyed .
the government of neighboring countries , which announced on sunday , has entered a state of alert and allocated 4 million us dollars to monitor and control the border of nigeria and nigeria .
the newly established national emergency committee said that they received reports that under the cooperation of the two countries ' security and loose border marco , nearly 400 birds died .
the new regulations on the management of the e - banking business of china will come into force on 1 march .
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) china will continue to expand its banking sector to a new high , according to the china banking regulatory commission ( cbrc ) , the " measures for managing the business of electronic banking business " and the " guidelines for assessing the safety of electronic banking " , which are published recently , will come into force on 1 march 2006 .
a spokesman for the china banking regulatory commission said that according to the management regulations , the methods of examination and approval of foreign financial institutions have basically remained unchanged , that is , if foreign bank branches are allowed to operate online banking services , if new types of internet banking business is required , the main reporting bank of the branch in china shall submit a report to the people 's bank of china for examination .
to standardize the operation of commercial banks using the internet to develop their banking business , the people 's bank of china formulated and promulgated the " interim procedures on managing internet banking business . "
a spokesman for the china banking regulatory commission said that with the continuous development of the electronic banking business of commercial banks , the provisional procedures have no longer met the requirements of the supervision and management of electronic banking risks , and the china banking regulatory commission has drawn up two new regulations for this purpose .
according to a spokesman of the china banking regulatory commission , the cbrc 's recognition of the quality of safety assessment institutions is different from the nature of industry access or enterprise entry , and is not the necessary condition for assessing the organization 's electronic banking security assessment business . it is only a reference for the financial institutions in choosing an assessment institution .
as long as the safety assessment institution meets the relevant requirements and requirements , even if it does not have the qualification of the china banking regulatory commission , the financial institutions may also hire it to conduct an electronic banking security assessment , but they should exercise management according to the relevant regulations .
the " procedures for managing the business of electronic banking " consists of nine chapters and 99 articles , which are divided into general declarations and exchange of data on the management of transferring business operations , management of transferring business activities , supervision over legal liability and supplementary provisions , and nine parts .
the " guidance on electronic banking safety assessment " consists of five chapters and 57 articles , which are divided into general declarations on safety assessment of institutions and five parts , including the management and appendix of safety assessment activities .
the " report on the work of mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , deng xiaoping , and chen yun on investigation and study " was published
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the " report on the work of mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , deng xiaoping , and chen yun " compiled by the central party literature research office was published and distributed recently by the central party literature publishing house .
conduct investigation and study in depth , persist in combining theory with practice , and draw up and implement correct lines , principles , and policies . this is the basic experience and basic work method of the cpc in leading the revolution and reform .
mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , and other revolutionaries of the older generation once issued many important and incisive expositions on the issue of investigation and study . they also frequently went deep into the grass roots to conduct social surveys and wrote many investigation reports .
the practice and results of their investigation and study are of great significance to guiding the cause of the party and the people to develop along the correct road .
the " report on the work of mao zedong , zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , deng xiaoping , and chen yun on investigation " is divided into three parts : the first part is the collection of the comments of mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation on investigation and study , and the second part is the works of mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation on investigation and study , and the third part is three investigation groups compiled by the mao zedong and three investigation groups and
these reports were published for the first time .
in addition , there are two articles concerning the investigation and study of the central leaders in the 50s and 1960 s .
russia reiterates one - china policy
moscow , february 6 ( xinhua ) russian deputy foreign minister alexander alekseyev reiterated on the 6th that russia adheres to the one - china stand while meeting with chinese ambassador to russia liu guchang .
alexeyev said that russia has noticed chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence .
the russian government has always upheld the one - china principle and firmly supported china 's efforts to realize the great cause of national reunification .
last year , the chinese npc passed the " anti - secession law , " and russia took the lead in publicly expressing its support .
alekseyev said that the russian foreign ministry will issue a statement as soon as possible , opposes the one - china stand and the taiwan independence movement .
china to hold third china - south africa cooperation forum in two days
johannesburg , february 6 ( xinhua ) the chinese people 's association for promoting democracy ( cpg ) and the chinese people 's association for promoting democracy ( cpg ) , which is a member of the central committee of the communist party of china ( cpc ) , have been rescued and killed in a hospital in the south african capital of burundi , early on the morning of february 6 , local time .
according to feng yang , president of the federation of chinese in liberzhou , the incident occurred in the city of welkovm , which is more than 130 kilometers northwest of buenbble .
at that time , the owner of the shop , lam yixing , picked up the items on the station to prepare for a day 's business .
at this time , three customers were also present at the shop , one of them lifted the gun and rushed into the bar to commit robbery .
lin yixing , 40 , struggled with the ruffians . the ruffians fired a shot at lin yixing and fled afterwards .
the local people who heard the news were sending lin yixing to the hospital for treatment . because lin yixing 's body was full of thin and thin blood tube seepage , blood was not stopped . at around 3 : 30 a. m . on 6 february , he died .
on 6 february , the chinese consulate general in jordan xu defu and wu jiao , vice president of the association of chinese people 's fujian fellow townsmen in south africa , and others drove to burundi to help the families of the dead to handle the aftermath of the accident .
mr lam was the first woman who was killed by the robbers in 36 hours , and also the first chinese person killed in south africa since the beginning of this year .
shanghai : part - time personnel and college graduates become main players in job - related work
beijing , february 7 ( xinhua ) the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau released on the 6th the latest job guidance price for workers in 2006 , which is 120 , an increase of 11 jobs , and a drop in the original salary of overdue wages .
according to an estimate by a relevant expert of the shanghai municipal labor and social security bureau , shanghai has already employed more than 1 million employees in an hour job .
according to a report by china youth daily , college graduates and part - time personnel are the major components of the workforce .
through the direct survey of nearly 8,000 hours of work , more than half of the personnel were part - time personnel , and the proportion reached 51.1 percent .
the cultural level of part - time workers is generally fairly high , mainly for the work of relatively strong technical skills , such as translator posts , the proportion of part - time personnel is as high as 81.17 percent , and the number of fitness workers is as high as 61.6 percent .
high income is the important reason why many people are engaged in job - related jobs in the same period .
it is understood that the monthly income of individual posts can reach tens of thousands yuan , and it will be difficult to find it as if the transmitting of the voice , and the monthly income of job posts can reach more than 2,000 yuan , such as part - time treasury bonds .
to satisfy his personal interest , he is also a part - time worker who is favored by job - seekers .
for example , in a certain enterprise , mr. gu , manager of the human resources department , he will take a few hours a week to handle the financial accounts of a certain foreign office .
mr gu believed that the greatest benefit from part - time job was to keep our knowledge upward and to have the opportunity to involve another area . of course , the income of $ 2,000 a month also has a certain degree of enticement .
as some hours of employment threshold is low , the form of employment is flexible and free , and is gradually favored by many graduates who are currently seeking employment , 142 percent of the job - seekers are graduates of the university and university graduates who have been working for nearly three years .
i did n't want to work at the beginning , but after a few months i felt more than i went to work on the 9 th and 5 th of the dprk .
after graduating from college , huang was not fully aware of his job . finally , he hung up a famous hotel and played a background music with piano recital .
i am very satisfied with my current work , and the environment is fine , i want to do more .
it is understood that working hours has become a basic experience of some graduates who are now seeking employment , and they have trained their work skills and enhanced their communication skills .
the graduates ' hours of work are concentrated mainly on the relatively strong knowledge and technical posts , such as the highly professional translator post , the strong age - oriented performing arts , with a share of 22.1 % and 26.8 % .
some of the job - related skills are not high , such as food promoters and courtyards , and the unemployed are allowed to take up employment immediately after simple training .
the data showed that the number of hours of employees who were originally unemployed was 39,000 , of which the proportion of middle - aged unemployed personnel in the retail category was as high as 68.4 percent , the proportion of food and beverages was 58.7 percent , and the hours of work became an important channel for the employment of unemployed personnel .
wu bangguo inspects anhui , anhui ,
beijing , february 8 ( xinhua ) the political bureau standing committee of the communist party of china ( cpc ) central committee and the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) , wu bangguo , member of the standing committee of the political bureau of the cpc central committee , stressed during his recent inspection tour of anhui that it is necessary to uphold the scientific development concept as the guide , to conscientiously implement the principles and policies of the central authorities in light of local conditions , further emancipate the mind , cre@@
from 6 to 8 february , wu bangguo went to wuhu , wuhu , and other places in maananshan to inspect research institutes and institutes of higher learning in rural areas .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui has the status of a geographic location linking the eastern region and the western region of zidong , hunan , and is an important agricultural region in china . it has rich natural resources , a relatively good industrial foundation , a relatively strong scientific and technological strength , and a rich cultural and tourist resources .
anhui should firmly seize the important opportunity of promoting the rise of central china , always adhere to the central task of economic construction , conscientiously implement the central guidelines and policies in close connection with anhui 's actual conditions , creatively carry out work , and implement the scientific development concept in specific measures and in practical work .
we should sum up practical experience in a timely manner , fully rely on the masses of the people , vigorously support reform and innovation , and constantly open up a new situation in anhui 's work .
we should actively promote the building of a harmonious society , persist in doing a good job in protecting and developing the fundamental interests of the overwhelming majority of the people as the starting point and end - result of all our work , actively create conditions , and gradually resolve the actual problems of the masses in difficulty , gradually change the regional gap between urban and rural areas , gradually narrow the regional gap , safeguard and realize social fairness and justice , and enable all the people to share the fruits of reform and development .
wu bangguo stressed : china has reached the stage where it is necessary to rely more on strengthening its ability to innovate independently and improve the quality of laborers to promote economic and social development . only by vigorously promoting scientific and technological progress and innovation can we realize the qualitative leap in productive forces and push forward economic and social development onto the track of scientific development .
we should establish and perfect as soon as possible a system and mechanism that is conducive to innovation , increase investment in science and technology , encourage patent inventions , develop famous brands , speed up the conversion of scientific and technological achievements into practical productive forces , strengthen the dominant position of enterprises in independent innovation , and constantly increase the contribution rate of scientific and technological progress to economic growth .
we should support and encourage technical elements to participate in distribution , establish and perfect a statistical system that embodies the ability of independent innovation , and study and formulate policies that support independent innovation in fiscal , taxation , and government procurement , to form a policy system that encourages independent innovation .
we should cultivate a sense of innovation throughout society , vigorously advocate the spirit of daring to innovate and compete , and concentrate on creating a favorable atmosphere for the emergence of talent in large numbers .
wu bangguo pointed out : in the process of governing the country according to law , the npc has played an increasingly important role in building a socialist country ruled by law .
to do a good job in the work of the people 's congress under the new situation , first , we must adhere to the correct political orientation , unswervingly follow the path of socialist political development with chinese characteristics , and organically unite the adherence to the party 's leadership with the people being masters of their own affairs and ruling the country according to law .
second , we should closely center our work around the overall situation of the party and the state , closely center on the major issues in reform , development , and stability , and carry out our work closely around the hot and difficult issues of common concern to the masses of the people , so as to continually enhance the actual results of the npc work .
third , we should bring into play the characteristics and advantages of the work of the npc , uphold democratic centralism , handle matters strictly according to procedures , and decide problems collectively .
we must adhere to the mass line , regard people as the foundation , exercise our power for the people , keep the people in mind , and work for the people 's interests .
china proposes research plan for dragonylene science in 15 years to come
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) china will continue to play a constructive role in promoting sustainable development in order to enhance china 's international competitiveness , said li xing , vice - minister of science and technology ( 2006-2020 ) , in order to achieve a sustainable development .
the four major scientific projects are the key research projects for controlling and controlling the density of protein research and development of soybean .
the program points out that protein science is the highest point in life science for the developed countries to fight for a fierce battle .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on studying the transfer of key biological systems , and study the structure of the white - coloured oxygen structure of the bio , the functions of the bio - biology and system biology , protein research , and the method of applied application basic research , which are related to biology and system biomass and protein .
the outline also holds that quantum regulation and control research is of a clear perspective and may have a negative impact on the social and economic development of mankind in 20-30 years .
china should focus on studying the carrier of quantum communications and the principles and methods of regulation and control , calculating the quantum , and restricting the small quantum system , the new principles and new technical basis for quantum regulation and control and measurement , and so on .
in addition , the outline points out that nanometer has become a strategic choice for many countries to raise their core competitiveness , and is also one of the fields in which china is expected to achieve leapfrog development .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on research in this field , including nanotechnology , which can control the production of , and which can function , electronic research and nascent medicine , nanoon , measurements and measurement , and nanotechnology for materials and nanometer technology in the environment of energy , environment for energy , environment for energy , information , and other areas .
china 's population growth is large , its birth defects are large , and the number of transplant organs is seriously short . the peak of aging is about to come . therefore , it is urgently necessary to make a breakthrough in the theory of reproductive and development and to make technological innovations .
according to the program , china will focus on research on the possibility of increasing the concentration of stem cells and controlling and controlling them from 2006 to 2020 , the recession and redundant diseases in the maturity of cells and the reproduction functions of human bodies , the safety and torture of supporting reproductive and dry cells , and so on .
the price increase in shanghai dropped nearly 7 percent last year .
shanghai , february 9 ( xinhua ) the government will continue to provide a good opportunity for the government to implement the macro - control policy on the real estate industry in 2005 , according to the central government .
according to the latest data , the index of shanghai 's real estate industry dropped or slowed down in a more obvious way last year .
the price increase in the residential housing industry dropped 6.6 percent from the previous year , while the added value of the real estate industry decreased by 4.1 percent .
pan jian , director of the shanghai municipal statistics bureau , said at a news conference a few days ago that the average selling price of shanghai 's commercial residential properties in 2005 was 698 yuan / square meters , an increase of 313 yuan over 2004 .
the price of residential housing for the whole year rose 9.2 percent over the previous year , and the increase rate fell 6.6 percentage points compared with the same period last year .
the added value of the real estate industry for the whole year was 670.23 billion yuan , a decrease of 4.1 percent over the previous year .
among the balance of loans for financial institutions , the balance of loans for personal housing mortgages was 26.494 - billion yuan , and the amount of new loans for the year was only nt $ 90.4 - billion , but the new amount of loans for the year 2004 reached 72.89 - billion .
pan jianxin said that from the sales price of shanghai 's real estate for the whole year , the prices of commercial housing were stable .
the statistics also show that according to the latest data , the increase in real estate prices in shanghai has dropped somewhat in 2005 , and the average selling price of residential housing is 698 yuan / square meters , up 313 yuan from 2004 .
the level of housing sales in 2005 increased by 9.7 percent over the previous year , and the increase rate was 6.2 percentage points lower than the previous year .
according to him , last year shanghai completed the total investment in real estate development of 124.686 billion yuan , up 6.1 percent over the previous year .
the sales area was 315.887 million square meters , down 9.55 percent .
the annual sales volume of commercial housing was 211.13 billion yuan , a decrease of 4.5 percent over the previous year .
two light planes crashed in new zealand
wellington , february 9 ( xinhua ) two new zealand light planes crashed into a new zealand plane on the 9th in the air over the shung nung area , about 100 kilometers north of wellington , capital of the capital , killing two students of the flight academy .
according to a relevant responsible person of the local civil aviation department , the pilots on the two planes were all students of the faculty of flight at the marxi university . they were still undergoing training and did not obtain a flight license .
at the time of the incident , the two planes were in a non - air control zone . according to regulations , pilots should be responsible for the navigation and safety of the aircraft when flying in such a region .
a witnesser at the scene of the incident told the new zealand media that he had heard a huge explosion during the collision and saw the crash of the plane towards the ground .
another eyewitness also confirmed that before the plane crashed , he heard a huge explosion and saw the crash of the plane .
the cause of the collision is not clear , and the local civil aviation department will conduct an investigation on this .
( overseas china ) argentine overseas chinese strongly condemn chen shui - bian 's taiwan independence speech
xinhua news agency , buenos aires , february 8 ( reporter cao yu ) - the argentine chinese association for promoting peaceful reunification , which was established by overseas chinese and chinese nationals residing in argentina , issued a solemn statement , strongly condemning chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence and opposing any plot to attempt to separate taiwan from china .
the statement said that in his speech on 29 january , chen shui - bian declared that he would abolish the national unification council and the national unification guidelines , which were a step forward toward taiwan independence .
the hope for peace between the compatriots on both sides of the strait and the good desire of the taiwan compatriots for peace and stability will face severe challenges .
the statement pointed out that resolutely opposing and containing taiwan independence and separatist activities and safeguarding peace and stability in the taiwan strait area remains the most pressing task for compatriots on both sides of the strait and the chinese community all over the world .
the statement stressed that the argentine china council for promoting peaceful reunification is willing to unite with all overseas chinese and ethnic chinese in argentina who uphold the one - china principle , resolutely oppose any form of taiwan independence , and actively promote china 's peaceful reunification .
chinese expert : us preaching china 's military threat is groundless accusation
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) china is ready to strengthen cooperation with the united states in the fields of defense , defense and defense , and defense , according to the pentagon 's official report on the " four - year defense review " submitted to congress recently , which said that china is the most likely new major country that poses a military challenge to the united states .
experts believe that this is an unreasonable criticism of china 's normal national defense construction , and exaggerating china 's military threat is interference in china 's internal affairs .
the " four - year defense evaluation report " is a new defense guidance document of the pentagon .
the 92 - page report expounds in three paragraphs on the issue of china 's military power and the countermeasures that the united states has taken , 15 times , directly mention the two terms of china 's imperial or territorial integrity , saying that as a major and newly emerging power , china has the greatest potential to compete with the united states in military affairs , and if the united states does not have anti - measures , china may develop destructive military technology , thus breaking the traditional us military
professor yao yunzhu , research fellow of the world military research department of the chinese academy of military sciences , said : although high - ranking us officials have expressed similar views on many occasions , this is the first time in the us strategic report on national defense that china is most likely to pose a military challenge to the united states .
the report for the first time clearly regards russia as a new strategic opponent , especially its so - called chinese military threat , as a new strategic opponent .
major general peng guangqian , research fellow of the chinese academy of military sciences , said :
what merits attention is that in the " four - year defense evaluation report " formally submitted , us president bush also submitted to congress the 2007 government budget , of which the defense budget of $ 439.3 - billion was for the same day .
if you add the military action in iraq and afghanistan , the united states will have to spend a bit more than 500 billion us dollars in the fiscal year 2007 , setting a record high , pang guangqian said , almost equal to all other countries ' military spending .
peng guangqian said that the us method of creating a threat to other countries reflects the consistent style of the pentagon 's enemies , and its real purpose is to win more national defense funds and to earn more profits for the vast us arms industry group .
experts said that compared with the huge military spending of the united states , china 's national defense expenditure is quite limited .
he has repeatedly participated in the writing of china 's defense white paper , deng hongzhou , a military expert , said : since the 1990 s , china 's national defense spending has increased , but the proportion of national financial expenditure in the same period has generally shown a downward trend .
official statistics show that compared with 1979 , china 's national defense expenditure accounts for nearly 10 percent of the national financial expenditure of the same period .
in 2005 , china 's defense budget was 244.656 billion yuan , only one - fourth of the united states ' total military expenditure , and the per capita military expenditure of the people was only about one - sixty percent of that of the united states , and the per capita military expenditure of the servicemen was about one - thirtieth of that of the us military .
the united states ' territorial area is roughly equal to china 's territory , but the difference in military spending is so big , and who is military strength going beyond normal defense requirements ? this is a metaphor .
peng guangqian said :
zhang mingqing , director of the research department of the china arms control and disarmament association , said that the united states should objectively assess china 's military construction situation , and that china 's peaceful development does not mean that china and the united states will become military opponents in the future .
the white paper " china 's national defense in 2004 " says that china firmly follows the road of peaceful development and practices a defensive national defense policy .
china did not have to make trouble in the past and now , and will not pose a threat to any country .
so far , china has not established military bases in any other country , nor has it sent a single soldier to other countries , while the united states has over 100 military bases overseas , and it has deployed more than 100,000 troops in asia alone .
professor zhu feng of the school of international relations at beijing university said that china and the united states should increase communication and exchanges through the established channels , enhance mutual understanding and mutual trust , comprehensively promote the constructive and cooperative relations between china and the united states in the new century , and jointly promote the maintenance of world peace and development .
( winter olympics ) turin winter games opening ceremony will be a scene of emotion .
turin , february 9 ( xinhua ) the 20 th winter olympic games will be held in turin at 8 : 00 p.m . local time on the 10th , local time .
on 9 july , the turin winter olympic organizing committee disclosed to the reporters the brilliant arrangements for the opening ceremony .
as for the opening ceremony , the chairman of the organizing committee , qastai narani , was full of confidence . at the press conference , he said that the opening ceremony coded over 10 million euros , and gathered together top italian talent in all fields .
he said : the night of 10 may will be unforgettable . at that time , 35,000 viewers and some 200 - million television viewers from the world will see the opening ceremony of the hall full of excitement .
the flames of excitement , the red heart of the five bronze pigeons of peace and the white snow and milk cattle of alps will all appear at the opening ceremony . the director said that the passersby and italian - style cindy of cinema will become the theme of the opening ceremony , the largest winter olympics in history , and he will show to people the four - long history physique cultural features of italian
the famous italian designer amani specially designed garments for the opening ceremony , and the famous italian fashion brand mostino will offer a courteous service to the organizer of the ceremony .
however , the famous italian male nobel paravarotti will play a song at the opening ceremony , and the organizing committee will leave this suspense in the end .
eight soldiers who were able to spray flames on their head will use a flame of three meters long to show the burning passion , and they will pass through the scene many times at a speed of 70 km .
officials from the organizing committee said that this was the most impressive creation in their opening performance .
as for how to light the torch , the organizing committee did not disclose it ahead of schedule , but the main torch platform , as high as 57 meters , would light the turin and nearby alps .
white house announces bush 's visit to pakistan , india in march
washington , february 9 ( xinhua ) the united states has decided to impose a new arms embargo on china despite the blasphemy of islam 's knowing mohammed , a white house spokesman said at a press conference on the 9th , but president bush will continue to visit pakistan and india in march according to the plan .
mcclellan said that bush is looking forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he also said that he is making arrangements for this visit .
mcclellan made the above remarks when he held various demonstrations in some areas of pakistan to protest the blasphemy of islam 's knowing mohammed .
in january this year , when meeting with pakistani prime minister aziz in the white house , both sides expressed the need to strengthen friendly cooperation and jointly crack down on terrorism that endangers the security of the two countries .
bush also said that at the invitation of the pakistani and indian governments , he will visit pakistan and india in march .
( international ) hamas seeks to break new cabinet
ramallah , february 9 ( xinhua ) hamas has sought to break through the cabinet
xinhua news agency , wang hao - min
the islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) of palestine won the election of the legislative council , how to draw a blueprint for the new government has become the focus of attention in the international community .
what kind of new policy hamas will pursue will directly affect the relevant parties ' next policy direction in the peace process .
at the same time , the boycott of the united states and israel has added more variables to the prospects of the hamas government .
at present , the palestinians are stepping up consultations on the formation of a cabinet , and are actively seeking a breakthrough in the difficulty and sensitive points of future development .
the question of which one of the prime minister 's positions will take ?
after hamas obtained the right to form a cabinet , some people outside are worried that hamas 's prime minister , hamas , may have a dispute with the current supreme leader abbas .
moreover , hamas leader mashal , who is visiting egypt , stressed that the new palestinian government , which was set up under the leadership of hamas , will not recognize israel , and this hard - line signal has also aggravated international concern .
the united states and israel have clearly expressed that they do not accept a hamas government that holds true power , and threatened to suspend economic aid to palestine and transfer taxes to the palestinian side .
however , this does not obstruct hamas from making flexible strategic adjustments and the election of independent persons is a compromise policy .
according to reports , to obtain the greatest international recognition , hamas and domestic and foreign leaders who gathered in egypt recently decided to elect an independent palestinian national authority chairman al-jahir al-hussein as the new prime minister .
this move has not yet received any response from the relevant authorities .
palestinian analyst hussein said that no matter who the premier 's position will take , the most crucial thing is that the candidate for the prime minister should play down as much as possible the hard - lineup of hamas , and only by so doing can it guarantee the success of the formation .
how to distribute power ( subhead )
in terms of internal affairs , the greatest challenge facing hamas in forming a cabinet is the lack of sufficient experience in governance .
the article in the " daily " of palestine said that hamas has gathered in the air of people through social welfare projects , but in terms of governance , it lacks experience and has no cooperation with the palestinian national liberation movement ( fatah ) , which has the experience of being in power .
after the election , hamas proposed establishing political partnership with fatah , and jointly establishing a national coalition government . however , fatah has not given a positive response to this .
at present , there are different opinions on whether or not fatah will be included in the cabinet , and one faction stands for joining the new government , thus making things possible , while the other is willing to act as a pro - independence faction in the legislative council .
the source pointed out that , with abbas ' persuasion , fatah gradually tends to join the new government .
however , hamas and fatah will also exchange views on the distribution of their cabinet posts .
in addition , another way is to set up a cabinet that is divorced from the party 's affiliations outside the framework of the legislative committee .
it was reported that hamas also designed a clean and expert - type government , but the specific list was unknown .
in view of the us and israeli attitudes , the technical expert - type government has also been unable to form a cabinet to reduce external pressure .
according to the provisions of the palestinian " basic law , " after the new legislative council took office on 16 march , nominations for the premier and forming the cabinet will be completed within three weeks and five weeks .
what course should armed forces follow ?
the weapons in hamas are another thorny problem facing the formation of a new government .
the united states and israel are very tough in their attitude , and they resolutely demand that hamas give up violence and refuse to use force to participate in politics .
hamas leader mashal stressed on 9 july that resistance was the choice of the organization 's strategy .
the armed problem actually includes the legality of weapons and the management of armed forces .
hamas was elected as the first largest party in the legislative council through democratic and free means , and the armed factions of its subordinate factions , qassam brigade , are also legalizing it in the government 's security organs .
hamas once proposed that all factions be unified into the palestinian national authority and the armed forces of the palestinian national authority , but did not receive a broad response , and was also criticized by the palestinian islamic jihad .
palestine now has more than 60,000 security personnel , and the overwhelming majority of them are from the fatah camp .
moreover , fatah also has some armed factions that have a loose organization relations , such as the makeda [ name as transliterated ] , a certain subordinate militia , and the embassies of the alksa martyrs brigade .
hamas , who is responsible for forming the cabinet , must reach an agreement with abbas on how to manage these armed forces that are under their own administration and rationally distribute the right to security management .
according to local media reports , abbas is inclined to take charge of security and intelligence units , police , civil defense , and other organizations , which are under the jurisdiction of the new government 's ministry of interior .
however , all parties are still holding consultations on this sensitive issue , and so far there is no such thing .
china issues polar inspection report
beijing , february 10 ( xinhua ) china 's marine bureau ( sssb ) recently released the " 2005 china polar inspection report " , which is the first time in more than 20 years since china launched the polar scientific research activities .
the " report " comprehensively reflects the results of china 's 2005 polar scientific expedition activities , which are the main progress and results of scientific research in places of logistics support .
according to the " report , " on 9 january 2005 , at 2215 ( beijing time ) , china 's antarctic expedition team successfully landed on the antarctic 's highest ice - covered areas in the antarctic ocean at 3:15 on 18 january ( beijing time ) , and it was determined at 3:15 on 18 january that the height of the highest density of the ice was 4093 meters .
under the increasingly fierce international competition , chinese people are strong in their determination and dauntless spirit , and are bold in opening up new fields , they first conducted research on the highest plateau of southern expeditiously and succeeded at one stroke , thus realizing another great dream of mankind in the south pole .
sun zhihui , director of the state oceanic administration , said :
the " report " shows that on 24 march 2005 , china 's 21 st antarctic expedition team returned to shanghai with complete completion of its mission . the current inspection tour lasted 151 days and 2,500 nautical miles .
on 18 november of the same year , china 's 22 nd antarctic expedition team left shanghai for the center of the antarctic to carry out scientific research activities and will leave the zhongshan station to shanghai by the end of february 2006 .
because it was the first time in china 's polar inspection report , the " 2005 china polar inspection report " also set requirements for china 's polar research cause which started in the early 1980 s .
according to the " report , " china formally joined the " antarctic treaty " in 1983 and became a member of the antarctic treaty organization . china has successively become a member of the antarctic council of antarctic director of the antarctic research committee , and other most influential member countries of the international organization for antarctic affairs , such as the council of antarctic director , in the antarctic consultation .
in 1997 , china became a member of the beidou science committee and won the right to speak and make policy decisions in international polar affairs .
the " report " points out that over the past 20 - plus years , china 's ultra - inspection tour has never stopped , and has constantly developed , and has formed a ship of the three stations , namely , the southern expedition system of the antarctic 's changcheng station , which was established in february 1985 , the central mountain station of the nanchi station established in february 1989 , the northern pole station established in july 2004 , and the north pole station of the yellow
according to the " report , " as of the end of 2005 , china has organized 22 scientific research projects in the antarctic and conducted two scientific research projects on the northern pole of the arctic , which had been carried on the xuelong lake for 55 years . so far , more than 3,000 inspection personnel have visited the southern expedition in the southern chi .
at present , we are building the third antarctic observation station , and china 's first inland expedition station in the antarctic .
sun zhihui said :
after more than 20 years of hard work , china 's polar expedition has taken a place in the world 's polar exploration , but it is still far from being a big gap from other countries in the study of the world 's polar region . we must catch up with the other countries .
he said .
sun zhihui disclosed that china will publish an extremely large - scale inspection report in the future .
castro meets with chen zhili , stresses bilateral cooperation in science , education
havana , february 10 ( xinhua ) cuban president fidel castro met with visiting chinese state councilor chen zhili on the 10th , and both sides expressed their readiness to strengthen mutually beneficial cooperation in education , science and technology , and other fields .
president castro warmly welcomed the visit of state councilor chen zhili to cuba .
he said : cuba - china relations are very friendly , and high - level visits have been frequent . this has effectively promoted and strengthened friendship and mutual understanding between the two sides . he expressed the hope that the two countries will constantly deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in all fields , including education , science and technology .
chen said that cuba is a large country with important influence in latin america and the caribbean region .
the friendly exchanges between the chinese and cuban peoples date back to ancient times .
cuba is the first latin american country to establish diplomatic relations with new china .
after entering the new century , with the concern and promotion of the leaders of the two countries , mutual political trust has been deepened and the scope of cooperation has expanded . the two countries have supported and cooperated with each other in international affairs , and the friendly relations between china and cuba have entered a new period of comprehensive development .
she believed that with the joint efforts of both sides , the friendly cooperation between china and cuba will surely score more fruitful results .
chen zhili also pointed out that the chinese government has always attached importance to exchanges and cooperation with cuba in the field of education .
in recent years , the two countries have conducted more and more frequent exchanges of visits and visits .
china actively supports the international conference held by cuba and sent its delegation to attend the world higher education congress and the 2005 conference on the elimination of illiteracy .
the level of basic education in cuba is very high , and we hope that relevant experience and exchange can be further strengthened in the future .
chen said that china and cuba have different advantages in scientific and technological research and development and can achieve mutually beneficial and win - win results through cooperation in various fields .
the chinese side has helped some cuban research and equipment and hoped to play a positive role in cuban scientific research and production .
she also briefed castro on china 's strategy of rejuvenating the country through science and education and the national science and technology conference .
chen zhili arrived in cuba on 9 february for havana at the invitation of the cuban government , and began his visit to cuba .
during this period , chen zhili met with the cuban minister of higher education vieno and inspected the university of information science , havana university , and the saint maria primary school .
gas leakage on beijing - kazakhstan highway
harbin , february 11 ( xinhua ) the number of beijing - kazakhstan highway 58 kilometers ( beijing - harbin ) was one of the three injured in a traffic accident at about 23:00 on february 10 , causing the closure of some sections of the road .
according to the police of the shuangcheng city public security bureau 's traffic police unit , three truck - collision accidents occurred at about 23:00 on 10 july . a sedan lgv and a tanker collided with each other . the cracks of the oil tank crashed . the scrap oil loaded inside the vehicle fell on the road .
it is understood that the tanker was loaded with discarded oil after the production of coke .
because the waste oil is very high , it is also afraid that flower flower in vehicles will occur , and the relevant departments have closed the road at the scene of the accident .
harbin 's road to the dual city has been closed to some highways , and many vehicles have been bypassed .
at present , relevant departments are screening the scene and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) and hutchison whampoa announces the listing of italy
hong kong , february 11 ( xinhua ) china 's largest industrial company in hong kong , which has been operating under the banner of shanghai telecommunications corporation , and the huangpu company , announced on february 11 .
huo jianning , general manager of the yellow group , said that although penghu , italy , had received approval from all relevant regulatory agencies on the stock market , the stock market must be completed in the next few weeks , and the time is really too hastily .
at the same time , the current market situation in europe 's telecommunications market is weak , and it is not necessarily possible that italy will give it a suitable stock of the stock market .
in view of the biggest interest of stockholders , the decision was made to postpone the listing .
as for when to buy another stock , howard said that it would depend on the future situation of the european telecommunications market .
he believes that from now on to another time , zyugano needs to carry out extensive investor education activities to enable the global telecommunications investment market to understand more clearly the current strong performance and favorable prospects of italy .
according to reports from the media , one of the investment banks in the united states , zinzambia , has agreed to hold a 10 percent discount for italian stocks in the form of private allotment , and the transaction is expected to be completed by the end of march this year .
china - myanmar economic and trade relations develop in good momentum
yangon , february 12 ( xinhua ) the chinese ambassador to myanmar , mr mike mok and economic and business counselor tang hai , were interviewed by our reporters on the eve of myanmar prime minister soe win 's visit to china , said that the economic and trade relations between china and myanmar are now showing a good situation of mutual benefit , rich contents , and mutually beneficial cooperation .
ambassador guan said : in recent years , the sino - burmese good - neighborly and friendly relations , which have been established on the basis of the five principles of peaceful coexistence , have been consolidated and developed , exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been expanded and deepened day by day , and economic and trade relations between the two countries have been constantly expanded and strengthened .
counselor tang said that the exchange of high - level visits between the two countries has effectively promoted the development of bilateral economic and trade cooperation .
during the high - level visits between the two countries in 2004 , the two sides signed 33 agreements on economic and trade cooperation , most of which are being implemented and implemented .
he said : the figure is $ 1.144 billion in 2004 , $ 1.09 billion in 2005 , of which china 's exports are $ 935 - billion and imports are $ 274 - million .
in bilateral trade last year , the trade between china and myanmar ( including border trade ) amounted to $ 630 million , up 14.6 percent over the previous year .
tang said myanmar has become the largest investor in the country 's contracting project , and china 's main projects in myanmar include the hydroelectric power station bridge and factory ( such as the sugar - growing textile factory , the mud maimaimi plant ) .
chinese enterprises have started construction projects in myanmar , bringing along the export of various kinds of electrical and mechanical products , and myanmar has become one of the important markets for china 's export of complete sets of equipment and mechanical and electrical products .
according to chinese customs statistics , in the past five to six years , the export of mechanical and electrical products has accounted for about 45.5 percent of china 's total exports to myanmar .
" the myanmar people are rich in resources and the chinese companies have started to invest in the country 's oil and natural gas oilfield , " said tang .
he hoped that chinese enterprises will have a long - term vision , learn how to avoid risks , and make prudent policy decisions ;
ambassador yu and counselor tang hai both held that premier soe win 's upcoming official visit to china is a major event in bilateral relations this year , and is of great significance to enhancing mutual political trust , promoting bilateral cooperation , and promoting the further development of sino - burmese good - neighborly and friendly relations .
it is expected that the two sides will sign several agreements on economic and trade cooperation during the visit .
world bank to reduce or reduce the debt of the most countries
moscow , february 11 ( xinhua ) world bank president wolfowitz said in moscow on the 11th that the world bank will completely remove the debt of the poorest countries by the middle of this year .
wolfowitz met with the heads of state of the countries attending the g8 finance ministers ' meeting in moscow on the same day .
in a statement issued after the meeting , he said that the world bank will implement a debt reduction plan before 1 july this year , and the world bank is completing all technical work for this purpose .
last year , the world bank donor countries completely dismissed the debts owed by 28 countries , and indicated that they would fill the funds for the trust funds concerned .
the amount of creditor 's rights of the imf is relatively small , and the imf started to reduce or waive its debts by the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz 's decision to exempt 16 african countries from their debts .
the high - definition digital television gradually became mainstream in the united states
new york , february 12 ( xinhua ) the number of high resolution television sets ( sopree ) has continued to fall and the market has continued to expand , and the us television transmission agencies have also stepped up the corresponding high - definition television programs .
the american superstis of the unveiled american super - bowl olive soccer tournament has become a hot - spot match for the american broadcasting industry to welcome the high - definition television era .
according to a recent report by the financial times , the us congress recently passed a bill stipulating that the broadcasting industry must stop the existing simulated television signal on 17 february 2009 , and that only a digital signal can be transmitted .
this means that the comprehensive digitalization of the us television program has already reached a definite timetable .
the popularization of high resolution digital television depends on consumers to buy television sets on one hand , while on the other hand , the production agencies provide high - definition digital programs .
although digital television has been repeatedly mentioned in the past few years , it has never become a reality .
this problem has taken a turn for the better this year .
according to the forecast by the us consumer electronics association , the number of digital television sets will exceed that of traditional tv sets for the first time this year , while the number of digital television sets will exceed 85.5 percent of the high resolution products .
japanese researchers develop new highly efficient kidney
tokyo , february 13 ( xinhua ) japan 's east china sea university has developed a new type of biofuel , not only with the same discretionary power of human kidney , but also has the function of retaining the substance of the use , which is small and easy to transplant . with the in - depth research , it is hopeful that the kidney patient will bring a forfeiture .
according to a recent report by the nihon keizai industrial news , the newly developed biomass kidney is mainly composed of two parts , and part of the newly developed biomass is filtered with xie waste and the sewage - seating dna , while the other parts of the original diameter and inzaciacic have the detailed tube used for returning to the blood of the blood of the people , such as the hedge of the blood .
the person who produces a kidney , and the person who produces the excretion tubes , all made the silk lines in the middle sky , and the side of the thin tubes filled with the dose cells with the functions of discharging substitute dirty cells .
this kind of skin cell can make the disease caused by multiple blood analysis penetrate through the perimeter of the diarrhea of diarrhea , which is divided into amino acid and returned to blood , and at the same time it can also enable the suckle , which is essential for the body to enter blood again .
in the past , the differences in filtering of waste by human kidneys relying on seepage and pressure cannot completely be removed and the inadequacies of the indomitable acid and other components are not able to return to blood .
researchers used goats to carry out biomedical transplant experiments , and the castle of the silk line of the human - made kidney used pigs on the wall of the middle - altitude walls .
two weeks later , researchers confirmed that artificial kidneys had already been able to play their functions .
at present , they are developing the use of the human kidney cell , and will start clinical research after testing its safety .
china 's power safety still faces severe challenges
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) china 's electricity market has been growing rapidly in recent years , with the country 's electricity production growing at a rate of less than two percent , said a responsible official of the state power regulatory commission ( sdrc ) here today .
shi yubo , vice chairman of the state power regulatory commission , spoke at the fifth ( enlargement ) meeting of the national electric power safety production committee held here . he said : in 2005 , china 's power safety production was stable as a whole , successfully fulfilled the tasks of electricity supply and demand during the summer , and actively dealt with natural disasters , basically ensured the safe and stable operation of the power system , and reduced production safety equipment and ordinary power grid accidents by a big margin , thus raising
however , he pointed out that with the changes in the situation of power supply and demand and the successive commissioning of a large number of new generating units , electricity safety will face new challenges .
these challenges include : regional seawater levels and the lack of electricity , supply and demand in some areas are still on the high side , and because the benign mechanism for power prices has not yet taken shape , there is still a fairly large problem in power supply , and at the same time the problem of the decline in coal quality has not been effectively controlled , and the stable operation of the power generating units will have a serious impact on the stable operation of some of the power grid structures ,
shi yubo said : with the deepening of the reform of the power system , many deep - seated contradictions will continue to be exposed . how to maintain the stability of the workers ' ranks and ensure normal production order will become new problems .
in view of the electricity safety work in 2006 , shi yubo said that it is necessary to further consolidate the basic work of the management of power safety and production safety , speed up the establishment and improvement of the mechanism for emergency management of power safety , enhance the ability to cope with sudden incidents , strengthen coordination and cooperation in power plants and power grids , and jointly safeguard the safety of power stations , continue to do a good job in supervising and managing power safety and building information , and strengthen the
it is reported that in light of the new situation in power safety management , the china power regulatory commission will amend and improve the " interim regulations on investigating power production accidents " that have been promulgated this year . meanwhile , a supporting document on the safety of the dam and the second system protection of power stations will be issued this year .
in 2005 , china 's total electricity consumption reached 246.89 billion kilowatt - hours , up 13.45 percent over the same period last year .
in the face of the situation of power supply and demand still being tight , the contradiction between coal , electricity , oil , and transportation is prominent , and other unfavorable conditions , various power enterprises have taken earnest and effective measures to strengthen the management of equipment . there were no major equipment accidents in the whole country 's power production for the whole year of last year .
the number of accidents occurred in the power grid was 74 , a total of 127 , and the number of accidents involving equipment was 427 , a decrease of 132 .
south african envoy to china said that south africa does not have a criminal act of organization , aiming at chinese citizens
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) south african embassy in china today held a reception for the guests from china , south africa , to mark the 30 th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries , according to a xinhua news agency report .
he also said that the south african government will spare no effort in cracking down on all forms of criminal activities .
fu kanging said that the south african government hopes to lower the crime rate to zero and hopes that the lives and property of every foreign citizen working in south africa will be fully protected by local laws and citizens .
since 2006 , four chinese citizens have been killed in south africa one after another , and the chinese world has expressed widespread concern over this .
the chinese foreign ministry has made representations to south africa on this matter and reminded chinese citizens in southern africa to further enhance their awareness of security and prevention , strengthen unity and friendship among the overseas chinese , and cooperate with the police in cracking down on crimes .
let 's express our most sincere sympathy and condolences to the families of the victims .
fu kangning said : we are sorry for this and we also invite the chinese people to believe that the south african government is seriously investigating every case involving china .
according to the chinese embassy in south africa , south african police have successfully cracked a case in which chen jianqing , a chinese fujian woman , was killed in south africa on 5 february . a suspect has been arrested .
at present , police are hunting for another suspect .
according to the south african embassy in china , the number of criminals suspected to be involved in the shooting of hong kong businessmen in january was arrested by south african police , and the property of the victims was recovered .
speaking about the possible impact of the killing of chinese citizens , fu kangning said that these incidents would indeed have a serious impact on the trade between the two countries and on the negative impact of other areas , but in the long term , the impact should not be big .
according to the director of the tourism office of the south african embassy , the embassy provided more than 2,000 chinese tourists with visa - free access to south africa in the first 15 days of this year .
according to official statistics , south africa will continue to maintain its position as china 's largest trading partner in africa in 2005 .
the bilateral trade volume reached $ 7.27 billion , up 23.0 percent over the same period last year .
however , the tourist industry believes that the continuous killing of chinese citizens in 2004 has a significant impact on the number of chinese tourists traveling to south africa .
according to statistics from the south african tourism bureau , chinese tourists to south africa in the first half of 2005 were 20,331 , a decrease of 14.99 percent compared with the same period last year .
at present , there are about 200,000 chinese living in south africa , and the towns and villages in south africa are scattered .
analysts here believe that the gap between rich and poor in south africa , the unemployment rate , and the spread of guns , there is no deterrence to death , and so the crime rate is still high .
since many chinese do not understand english , they have cash in their bodies and home , and this is more likely to become the target of the criminal in seeking financial attack .
hk promotes english learning and training in english
hong kong , february 13 ( xinhua ) the government of the hong kong special administrative region ( hksar ) launched a new programme on the 13th to raise the english standard of more people at work .
this is a good example of how to learn english and live in life , including a series of promotional activities to promote learning and training in english and to enable employers to better understand how to help their employees raise their english standards .
so far , the scheme has provided funding for nearly 25,000 people to complete the workplace english training courses , enabling them to attain the benchmarks for hong kong 's workplace english in the relevant job types .
hong kong 's cyber movement was launched in 2000 by the hksar government .
a major project of the campaign is the provision of the funding scheme for workplace english training .
the scheme aims to help employees who need to use english in their work to receive english language education through participating in training and participating in designated international business english examinations .
hebei 's aids testing and testing system for free of charge
shijiazhuang , february 14 ( xinhua ) the hebei health department recently issued a " voluntary consultation and examination for aids in hebei province " ( trial implementation ) , which clearly stipulated that the tests on aids are free of charge and free of confidential , and hopes that the cases of aids infected people and patients can be discovered to the maximum , and that measures for preventing intervention and the four carving policies will be further implemented .
the " plan " clearly defines the principles for aids consultation and testing : the testing and consultation on aids antibodies is free ; the testing and consultation on aids antibodies and aids is voluntary and the consent of the information ; the examination and control of aids antibody and consultation and secrecy is not directed at the relevant behavior of the seeking consultation , the legitimate rights and interests of hiv carriers and aids patients are protected , and the relevant follow - up services are provided .
the " plan " requires that hiv consultation and testing points should be set up at the place where the consultation is convenient . to protect the privacy of the consulates , they should have a room to offer one - to - one consultations .
the choice of advisers should take full consideration of the noble qualities of individuals , the soaring level of knowledge , and the ability to exchange information .
to protect the privacy of the consulters , the test leaflets can use the code or serial numbers to register .
the " plan " also requires that health administration departments at and above the county level publish in the main local media the list of medical and health institutions and the consultation telephone numbers for which they undertake the voluntary examination and testing of aids in their own region so as to facilitate the masses to understand the relevant information .
the ministry of public security still has a key point in its work of extorting confessions by torture and extorting inspectors
beijing , february 14 ( xinhua ) the police will continue to conduct a public security supervision system in a bid to help the police to maintain its normal operation , said zheng baigang , deputy chief of police inspector bureau under the ministry of public security , at a press conference held by the ministry of public security , on the 14th .
the emphasis of the work of the inspectors department is also to prevent the occurrence of these problems .
he also pointed out that some international organizations do not have a comprehensive understanding of the law enforcement situation of the chinese police .
the latest information provided by the ministry of public security on 14 june shows that the ministry of public security issued in 2002 the " regulations on the record of public security measures for keeping the remaining measures " and the " regulations on the application of continuing interrogations by public security organs " to the ministry of public security , thus ensuring that the grass - roots public security organs are fairly suitable for retaining the remaining measures in accordance with the law .
since 1997 , to carry out the three major campaigns of harnessing ( i.e. , to get rid of extorting confessions by torture to control and harness on abused guns and to control compulsory measures ) , the national public security organs ' police force has persisted in going deep into the police force , the traffic police force , and the public security supervision and control center , and other grassroots units to enforce law on the spot , and to conduct a secret inspection of the law enforcement links that
to prevent law enforcement from the source , the police inspectors further extended the tone of law enforcement inspectors , and increased the intensity of inquiry into the application of summonses , and the number of stolen property and the number of recorded information on the information of engines who had snatched into law enforcement links , such as those on the record of stolen engine vehicles .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) sun yun - suan dies in taipei
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the taiwan affairs office of the chinese people 's political consultative conference ( cppcc ) has decided to hold a meeting with the taiwan - based association of southeast asian nations ( asean ) on february 15 , in taipei , with the death of sun yun - hsuan , honorary chairman of the taiwan strait exchange foundation ( sef ) , who was once the honorary chairman of the association for relations across the taiwan strait .
sun yun - suan was born on 11 november 1913 , and was graduated from the electrical machinery department of harbin university of industry .
he is a member of the 10 th and 13 th cpc central committee , a member of the 11 th central standing committee , and a member of the 14 th central committee 's advisory committee , and a member of the 15 th central committee 's advisory committee .
he was once the minister of communications of the taiwan authorities , director of the economic department , and director of the executive yuan of the ministry of finance ,
heilongjiang pushing forward the ecological environment assessment and countermeasures for songhua river water pollution
harbin , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to implement a water safety plan for the dry period of the songhua river and the ice layer 's melting into the river , said the official , adding that the project will be implemented in the area of ecological environmental impact assessment and countermeasures .
the reporter learned from heilongjiang 's environmental protection bureau that the songhua river , which was the head of the state administration of environmental protection , has determined 15 special topics for assessing the ecological environment of the songhua river , divided into assessment of the emergency environment and the ecological effects of the ecological impact assessment and assessment of the ecological impact of the incident and the five aspects of comprehensive control of the pollution control project , and the specific time is divided into three stages .
currently , heilongjiang province has a total of more than 60 scientific research institutes , with a total of 14 research projects .
according to presentations , the environmental protection department and relevant scientific research institutes will focus on five topics , namely , the research topic of emergency environmental evaluation and countermeasures for incidents , and strive to first solve the environmental problems that the masses are eager to care about .
these include the main control of the concentration of pollutants in the surface and the overall forecast for pollution of the songhua river water products ' safety , assessment of the safety of water pumping across the river and the impact of the underground water supply on the assessment of the safety water supply in cities ' safety water supply emergency technical plan for the cities to study the configuration and residue of pollutants in the process of the songhua river freeze river and the
heilongjiang province 's environmental protection department will also intensify the environmental supervision over the songhua river 's coastal areas , and strictly investigate and deal with environmental incidents that cause serious pollution to the discharge of pollutants and illegal construction .
heilongjiang will send environmental law enforcement personnel to supervise and guide various localities to carry out comprehensive environmental improvement in small river basins and perfect the environmental management system of the ali he , the xiaolanghe river , and other tributaries .
beijing university provides mourning to wang xuan
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the number of people who were killed in the beijing university was higher than the figure of wang xuan , a caimant of wang xuan , who was in the 100 th anniversary memorial hall of beijing university , after a few days of intense preparations , at 0900 on the morning of 15 february .
at 0800 , the opening hours of the hall were not yet available , and several dozen people had already left the hall .
this reporter has learned from the memorial hall of the 100 th anniversary of the beijing university that the wall of the hall was hanging black horizontal scrolls on the wall of the hall : we express our deep condolences over academician wang xueju .
the bottom of the horizontal scroll is a huge portrait of wang xuan . he was wearing glasses , with a smile on his face and was filled with a rough and elegant demeanor .
the remains were placed on the two sides of the robe tree , and dozens of wreath were sealed by the two sides .
one of the wreath 's elegant writings was written : qin sheng laid the foundation of tang 's brilliant achievements , gave away the lead and greeted the time and the time of the contemporary national flag .
my grief and happiness in the hall was low , and the atmosphere was heavy .
among the people who mourned the memorial , the leaders and teachers and students of the beijing university , and wang xuan , a friend of academician wang xuan , were our neighbors . many people who had not met him were especially eager to come .
some of them are holding flowers in their hands , some are holding a flower basket , and each of them has a small white flower in their chest , and they are slowly walking to the portrait of academician wang xuan , and bowing their ambitions .
many people could not help but shed their tears .
zhang wenbin , who was once director of the state cultural relics bureau , was an old alumnus of the beijing university . he told this reporter that he was still working in henan province more than 10 years ago . he asked professor wang xuan to give a report on scientific and technological innovations to the provincial party committee cadres .
xu xunxuan , a scholar in the selection of wang xuan , is a model for us to learn . he has made important contributions to the state and society , and the people will never forget him .
jin ruilin , professor of the beijing university law school , was a close neighbor of wang xuan , who had been over 40 years old .
a few days ago , he was discharged and insisted today to say goodbye to his old friend .
in his message , mr. jin cannot suppress his own sorrow and take a paper to win over him .
he told the reporter that professor wang xuan 's life was very frugal and he was already a professor at the tong fu yuan , and had already achieved very high achievements , but he still lived in a very small flat for many years .
later he moved to chengzai garden , where he lived a residence of 70 square meters .
beijing university presented him with a large amount of money and a large house of some 140 square meters in the blue camp 's academician building . he also did not want to use the flag to buy a high - level housing provided by fang zheng building .
mr. jin recalled with deep emotion that during his overseas visit , wang xuan had to pay him a high salary , but he resolutely and resolutely avoided the matter .
when he first insisted that he would not apply for an academician , he went to fill the list after the mobilization of mr. zhou peiyuan on many occasions .
mr. jimzhong is deeply moved by wang xuan 's attitude on training young people . he has repeatedly emphasized that he has not yet seen what achievements i have . instead , he should depend on cultivating young people .
mr. jin said that when he was 50 years old , wang chose to pay attention to cultivating young people . he had always stressed that it was necessary to pave the way and to be willing to be a staircase for young people .
this is a very successful scientist , and it is very difficult to get a touch of it .
this reporter has learned from the beijing university press center that from 9 : 00 a. m . on 15 february to 12 : 00 noon on 19 february , the meeting hall of academician wang xuan was open to the public from 9 : 00 to 1600 every day to offer condolences to people from all walks of life .
the ' three represents ' of the chinese academy of sciences , who is known as the contemporary chinese courtyard , academician of the chinese academy of engineering , and professor wang xuejun of the third world academy of sciences , who was treated with no symptoms , died at beijing 's jiamuquan hospital at 11:30 on 13 february .
china , chile set up exchange mechanism
wu bangguo attended the signing ceremony and signed the agreement .
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) china is ready to further expand its cooperation with the european union ( eu ) , said wu , chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) , here today .
the mechanism for exchanges between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament was formally established .
it is reported that chilean senate president luoshi meilo and house speaker arsenic signed the agreement in the chilean capital of santiago a a few days ago .
according to the agreement , the two sides will establish a new type of political dialogue between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament in accordance with the principles set forth in the communique on the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and chile , and the two sides will hold regular meetings to jointly promote the all - round development of bilateral relations .
chilean ambassador to china kirrah karzai attended the signing ceremony .
china to issue regulations on protection of information network dissemination
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) many websites are relying on a large number of transfers of newspapers and magazines to add some clash rates , but many of them have not been authorized and have not paid much for the same , the state copyright bureau director wang ziqiang said at a press conference held on the 15th of the state council information office that the fees for reprinting works on the internet will be protected by the state council 's information network .
wang ziqiang said : in accordance with the existing legal provisions , the works already published in newspapers and periodicals can not be used without the consent of the author . meanwhile , the state copyright bureau will pay the remuneration , and the state copyright bureau has specially formulated the standard for the reprinted and reprinted newspapers and periodicals in accordance with the law .
however , according to the current law , the newspaper and periodical enjoy this legal license . at present , the internet does not enjoy the right to grant such a legal license .
according to the relevant judicial explanations made by the supreme people 's court , the method of using legal permits for newspapers and periodicals may be applicable to the internet , that is , the small article published on the internet , which the author has not made a short statement of payment , the internet may not be allowed to use , and the payment should be paid at the same time .
however , since there is no stipulation on the remuneration standards , there is no payment in the actual use of these works on the internet .
the issue of using the internet is applicable to the use of these short - term works , and it is also necessary to determine from the legal level .
wang ziqiang said : whether or not to include it in the scope of legal confirmation , and also to confirm this regulation on the protection of the right of transmission of information networks that was promulgated this year .
russian military says resolution of georgian parliament not to affect russian peacekeeping
moscow , february 15 ( xinhua ) the russian defense ministry will send a letter of congratulations to the media on the 15 th , russian defense ministry press official sergei shevov said in a statement on the resolution of the russian peacekeeping force will not affect russian military peacekeeping operations in a short time . the russian military will continue to carry out peacekeeping missions in the areas of the south ossetia conflict .
the russian state duma ( lower house of parliament ) and cis chairman kobayashi spoke on the same day on the resolution of the georgian parliament on russian peacekeeping forces . he pointed out that this resolution by georgia will undermine the stability of the situation in the region and will have an unfavorable impact on russian - georgian relations .
he stressed that the georgian parliament 's resolution has further worsened russian - georgian relations .
he said that the accusations against russia by the greek side are absurd .
the georgian parliament passed a resolution on the same day , urging russia to stop its peacekeeping operations in the south ossetia , but did not determine the specific deadline for russian peacekeeping troops to withdraw .
georgia accuses russian peacekeeping personnel of failing to fulfill their obligations and regards the actions taken by russia in the conflict region as a loophole of georgia 's territory .
the georgian parliament demanded that the government take positive action and consider sending peacekeeping troops to the conflict area of south ossetia to replace russia 's current peacekeeping operations in the region .
the georgian parliament also instructed the government to amend the relevant agreement on the stationing of russian peacekeeping personnel in the conflict - stricken areas .
the south ossetia is an autonomous state in georgia and bordering on the north ossetia republic of russia .
after the disintegration of the former soviet union , it declared independence on its own and had long been in a state of confrontation with the central government of georgia .
at present , russia has one 500 peacekeeping forces stationed in the region .
the unit was established in accordance with the russian northern georgia , northern georgia , and the southern seismoth ladder , in 1992 .
four responsible persons of the liaoyuan hospital 's fire prevention headquarters will be prosecuted for suspected major responsibility
changchun , february 16 ( xinhua ) the construction of the liaoyuan city center hospital in jilin province has determined 11 responsible persons , including the hospital electric engineering squad squad squad leader zhang diankun and four others , who were suspected of committing a major responsibility accident , according to the investigation team .
on 15 december 2005 , the largest hospital of liaoyuan city , a hospital , was hit by a fire , leaving 39 people dead .
in this fire , the area of fire surpassed 5,000 square meters .
it is learned that this is the first time that the medical and health system has been hit by the fire since the founding of new china .
according to investigations , at about 1630 on the day of the incident , the liaoyuan city central hospital suddenly stopped power supply . in line with the computer circuit design of the hospital , the power station will automatically jump to the deputy gate and continue to maintain the normal power supply at the hospital . however , the power gate at that time did not have an automatic gates . zhang diankun , head of the electrical engineering squad , was forced to send the electricity to the hospital
the underground cables , more than 10 cables , which were covered with smoke , were entangled together , and the cables like this should be completely put up and put up fire prevention layers .
therefore , the 57 - year - old zhao yongchun , head of the gas supply unit of the liaoyuan textile company , installed the rotary cadre ( senior engineer ) of the electrical industry bureau of liaoyuan city , sun fenglin , and his reemployment , jin chengtai , three , who was suspected of being involved in major responsibility accidents , will be prosecuted .
the first - tour of guizhou village travel season in china
guiyang , february 16 ( xinhua ) the guizhou - qatar county of guizhou province , tianlong township , tianlong town , guizhou province , wore holiday - making clothes and the faces of the children were filled with joy and joy .
at 1030 hours , after the activity , the five - year - old man , zheng peqin , 80 , who was wearing a green shirt , sounded the first - time - like - the - season rush of the first - season tour of guizhou , china 's rural areas .
tin lung tun tsuen is a typical representative of the development of guizhou 's rural tourism and a national demonstration point for rural tourism .
as a member of the tuen mun military , rear - seat of the un military in the year of hongwu in the ming dynasty , the manchester burg has a history of more than 600 years .
here , you can see the blue long dress wearing a broad - sleeved blue gowns , ancient han culture and costumes are preserved in tuen mun village .
it is understood that the tianlong village relies on this cultural traditional advantage to develop rural cultural tourism since 2002 , and its income from admission tickets alone reaches 3.8 million yuan . over 47,000 percent of the total village 's residents have taken part in tourism through the use of meal - drum transportation commodities and other tourist products . the per capita income of peasants has increased from more than 1,300 yuan in 2002 to 2,640 yuan in 2005 .
yang shengming , director of the guizhou provincial tourism bureau , said that following the tianlong first tour , the new rural tourist attraction , which was still under the theme of new rural tourist arrivals , was the first time in the tianlong season . the various rural tourism activities in guizhou will reach 35 .
so far , more than 130 villages in guizhou have launched various rural tourism projects . by 2005 , more than 600,000 peasant households in guizhou have extricated themselves from poverty through developing tourism .
in january , the housing prices in 70 cities across the country increased 5.5 percent , and the housing prices in shanghai continued to slide .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) china 's industrial production in 70 large and medium - sized cities rose 5.5 percent in january , a drop of 0.7 percent over the previous month .
the housing prices in shanghai continued to slide .
the national development and reform commission , the national statistics bureau , released on 16 june , showed that most of the 70 large and medium - sized cities saw a slight increase in the prices of housing sales in january this year , with the increase of hulun hewitt over 10 percent , while the prices of housing in shanghai continued to decline slightly , down by 0.4 percent compared with the same period last year .
the same statistics show that in the first quarter of last year , the prices of shanghai 's housing sales went up by 19.1 percent over the same period last year , and a slight decline in the second half of last year .
in january this year , 70 new commercial housing prices in large and medium - sized cities increased 6.9 percent year - on - year , a drop of 0.2 percentage points from the previous month .
the increase in new commercial housing was 18.9percent in dalian and the 14.77 percent in shenzhen , the highest increase in the number of new houses , including 18.999-7-70 percent in dalian , and the number of new houses in shanghai dropped 3.1 percent compared with the same period last year .
the organization department of the cpc central committee called for further intensifying supervision over the selection and appointment of leading cadres and cadres .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the organization department of the cpc central committee recently issued a document on the work of strengthening cadre supervision .
the opinions called on the organization departments at all levels to proceed from strict management and care for cadres , to permeate cadre supervision with the various links in the daily management of cadres ' training , assessment , selection , appointment , and appointment of cadres , and to establish and perfect a supervisory mechanism for preventing them from being investigated and handled in a timely fashion , and to earnestly strengthen supervision over the selection and appointment of leading cadres and cadres .
the opinions pointed out : the main task of cadre supervision in organizational departments is first to supervise leading bodies and leading cadres , and the focus should be on strengthening supervision over the principal responsible persons of leading bodies ; second , supervision over the selection and appointment of party and government leading cadres ; and stress should be laid on the work of supervising and inspecting the implementation of the " regulations on the selection and appointment of party and government leading cadres . "
in supervising leading bodies and leading cadres , the opinions pointed out that it is necessary to unremittingly grasp education on ideals and convictions and education on combating corruption and promoting clean government , permeate education with the training , selection , and management of cadres , guide and supervise leading cadres in strengthening party spirit and in cultivating party spirit , and persist in building the party 's ideological and moral defense for the public and for the purpose of governing for the people and in building a strong ideological and moral defense against
when discussing the new cadres , we should set clear and definite requirements for honesty and self - discipline .
it is necessary to urge the leading bodies at all levels to uphold democratic centralism , establish and perfect rules and procedures for making decisions on matters of outright size , and conscientiously implement the system of combining collective leadership with individual division of labor .
it is necessary to give prominence to the supervision of the principal responsible persons of the leading bodies , and the responsible persons of the organization ( personnel ) departments must often talk to the principal responsible persons of the leading bodies at the lower level , and understand the situation of their ideological work and work style .
establish and perfect the system of daily management and supervision of leading cadres , regularly understand and analyze the ideological and work style of the contingent of leading cadres , and put forward opinions and measures for solving problems .
and implement a system of admonitory talks and letters and inquiries among leading cadres , and to admonish , admonish , or consult with , any symptoms of a tendency of unhealthy tendencies .
the outstanding problems of leading cadres reflected by the masses should be seriously investigated and understood , and criticism and education or corresponding organizational handling should be given on the basis of the actual conditions . those who violate discipline and law should be transferred to law enforcement organs . those who have not yet been found to have problems should be clarified in an appropriate way .
at the same time , we should combine the strengthening of supervision with encouraging cadres to boldly explore and innovate , and pay attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the opinions demanded that organization ( personnel ) departments at all levels earnestly strengthen supervision over the selection and appointment of party and government leading cadres .
further perfect the system of selecting candidates for promotion of cadres , deliberating on decisions on appointments , and other links , strictly ensure the selection and employment of cadres , and provide a basis for putting political work in a position where the people are trusted and trusted by the masses at all levels are selected and appointed as leading posts .
we should step up inspection of the enforcement of the regulations on appointing cadres , strictly investigate and deal with violations of the regulations on appointing cadres , and resolutely check unhealthy practices and corrupt phenomena in appointing cadres .
and to supervise and investigate the problem of serious violations of regulations in the use of personnel , and intensify the supervision and handling of the case .
establish and perfect a system for investigating and affixing responsibility for the selection and appointment of cadres ; and scientifically define the contents of responsibility of the principal body in each link of the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres in accordance with the principle of uniformity between powers and responsibilities , clearly define the form of investigation , and intensify the investigation .
we should give full play to the role of mass supervision , and establish a mechanism for making easy use of extrabudgetary funds and for reporting crimes with high efficiency .
give full play to the role of public opinion supervision , and report to the media about the relevant situation in the selection and appointment of cadres at the right time to accept supervision by the public .
the opinions pointed out : we should further improve the mechanisms for coordinating and coordinating the work of supervising cadres .
organization ( personnel ) departments should strengthen cooperation with discipline inspection organs and establish a system of supervision and inspection organs regarding the work of improving the party style and promoting honest government and the system of responsibility for the work of discipline inspection organs .
in conjunction with discipline inspection organs , they should conscientiously do a good job in inspection work , improve inspection methods , improve inspection systems , and improve inspection quality .
in conjunction with the auditing organs , the system of auditing leading cadres ' economic responsibility has been seriously implemented .
improve the internal supervision mechanism for the work of selecting , appointing , and appointing cadres of organizational departments .
taiwan authorities to invest in mainland china in violation of rules
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the taiwan authorities ' economic affairs department decided on the 15th to punish one of taiwan 's suzhou twinkling electronics co. ltd. ( lianhua electronics co . , ltd. ( lianyu ) for instance , nt $ 55000 was charged with providing assistance to establish a warship and technology company on the mainland in violation of regulations .
taiwan 's " china times " reported that this was chen shui - bian 's [ chen shuibian ] policy of actively managing and effectively opening up cross - strait economic and trade relations . the taiwan authorities imposed a first instance of punishment on taiwan businessmen investing in the mainland .
according to reports , the taiwan investment ministry of agriculture , which was involved in the hearing , claimed that the penalty was because it violated the regulations on the relations between the people on both sides of the strait and the procedures for approving investment or technical cooperation in the mainland .
in the future , the dragging will also be directed against former chairman cao xingcheng and others depending on the situation .
the heinous case of heinogao started in february 2005 . at that time , taiwan 's investigative department used more than 100 people to conduct a surprise check on the houses and offices of the united microelectronics company , which had invested on the mainland and on the purchase of illegal funds and human resources by the united microelectronics company and the ship science and technology on the mainland .
cao xingcheng , who was then chairman of lianhe electronics , then publicly stated that lianhe telecommunications company did not violate any regulations of the taiwan authorities , and that it was for the long - term interests of lianhe telecommunications company that it would lose business opportunities if it did not enter the mainland market as soon as possible .
subsequently , the taiwan authorities ' financial supervisory and management committee violated the regulations on commercial information and imposed fines on the united nations for 3 - million new taiwan dollars .
on 9 january 2006 , the united microelectronics board accepted the resignation of cao xingcheng . several hours later , cao xingcheng was formally prosecuted for suspected illegal investment in the mainland .
the joint venture and taiwan chip circuit company ( for short ) also claimed that taiwan 's yusuo yujing [ chang jing wu ] is a high - tech enterprise on the island .
the taiwan authorities have , over the past year , made a series of investigation and handling actions against the united microelectronics corp .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) the second panorama in my heart has submitted a letter to the chinese people around the world
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the second annual conference of macao compatriots in my heart was held in beijing on the 17th to collect a large number of chinese from macao in my heart , the second largest ever in my heart , and the macao segment of macao .
the essay contest was jointly sponsored by the macao foundation and the baihua literature and art publishing house , " the foreign edition of the zhuangwen sea . " chen jianfu , vice chairman of the chinese writers association , and others were also directors of the appraisal committee .
in 2004 , on the fifth anniversary of macao 's return to the motherland , the first time in my heart 's macao plate contest was held . the literature enthusiasts at home and abroad actively responded . the organizing committee received more than 8,000 entries and more than 10 award winners at home and abroad were invited to the macao special administrative region to receive the award .
wu zhiliang , executive member of the macao foundation , said at a news conference on 17 july that last year , macao 's historical city was listed as a world cultural heritage site . this not only signifies that the macao people have long been affirmed by the people of the world , but also means that the chinese nation 's cultural traditions , which are linked by each other , have been inherited and developed in the macao sar . for this reason , the government has decided to use the macao sar
wu zhiliang said : it is precisely under this fine cultural atmosphere that the macao foundation and the baihua literary and art publishing house " zhuanghai foreign edition " have decided to cooperate again and hold the second macao seinscription grand prix tournament in my heart . he hoped that the participants would show through their patriotic feelings , love for macao , display the unique humanistic integrity of macao , and maintain stability and the peaceful and peaceful and peaceful sar , and happy new cultural im@@
according to presentations , the " songwen foreign edition " will open a special column for the submission of the contest as of 1 september this year .
after the results of the selection are announced , they will hold a ceremony in the macao special administrative region in early 2007 .
shandong province successfully implemented one infant child heart transplant surgery
jinan , february 17 ( xinhua ) the jinan military region 's cardiovascular disease research institute recently successfully implemented a baby child transplant surgery .
on the 17th , the reporter saw in the intensive care room that the 51 - day infant was full of red crunch , and all the monitoring and inspection indices were normal . he was happily playing with the toys that the medical personnel had bought for him .
according to the doctor who was receiving the treatment on the same day , the patient from the rural area of ta'an , shandong , was purple and breathing difficulties . after checking and diagnosis , he had to carry out heart transplant .
the heart transplant surgery is the most difficult and most complicated operation in the heart surgery .
in particular , the infant child 's heart transplant surgery , which is under the age of one , is still empty in china .
the institute of cardiovascular diseases under the jinan military region organized experts to repeatedly conduct demonstrations and carefully design the aftermath of surgery and trick - and - field protective plan , and conducted independent innovation on the method of blood pipe coin and conducted animal experiments .
at 08:00 on 28 december 2005 , the operation formally began .
the body was taken from a nurse who had been breathing and diving due to the inability of pregenital lung breathing .
the operation coincides with six blood pipes , which are sewing more than 510 needles , and each single needle is less than 3 millimeters .
after 295 minutes , the operation was a complete success .
china to curb serious accidents in coal mines
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) four incidents of one accident in which more than 100 people were killed in the past year , were reported in beijing today
on the 17th , this reporter learned from the state administration of safety production supervision and management that it is necessary to truly stop the occurrence of major and exceptionally serious accidents such as coal mines from occurring many times , and the top priority of the work of coal mines .
this year , the state administration of safety and safety supervision will do the following three things well :
harling gas to fight a tough battle .
vis will control this year , placing the blanket before planting , and putting it in a prominent position .
if the mine is not packed first , then it should be ordered to stop production immediately .
prc : xu kuangdi continues to fight a hard battle to rectify and close down .
the circular said : the state council will make a decision on the implementation of the " regulations on the management of coal mines " and the " regulations on the management of coal mines . "
we should regard closing down as regular work and continually close down those illegal coal mines that have caused losses to the environment of natural resources and that do not have the safety conditions .
the coal mine safety foundation management should be strengthened .
we must immediately correct the situation of sluggish mining management and the establishment of a standard safety management system for small mines that are in a disorderly condition .
in particular , we must grasp key state - owned coal mines , and absolutely not allow excessive production capacity to exceed the required size .
this year , the production safety index required that the number of deaths of various types of accidents decreased by 3-3 percent over last year , of which the coal mine dropped by 3.5 percent .
the extraordinarily serious accident that killed more than 10 people was reduced by 5 percent in the first quarter , among which the coal mine was down by 7 percent .
these control indices have been issued to all provincial - level people 's governments , and various localities are now sending them to grass - roots units and enterprises .
statistics show that in 2005 , 5986 miners were killed in the coal mine accident , a drop of 0.7 percent compared with the same period last year .
however , an extraordinarily serious accident that killed more than 10 people was raised , and the number of victims increased by 66.6 percent over the same period last year .
( international ) barroso calls on all parties to compromise in kosovo 's future status
belgrade , february 17 ( xinhua ) the european union ( eu ) has decided to set up a european union ( eu ) in the first place in kosovo , according to a report from pristina , the european commission ( eu ) , on friday .
barroso met with the president of the interim authority of kosovo serbia , serbian serbs , and other representatives of the kosovo albanian interim authority , and said to the media that all parties concerned in kosovo should have a tolerant attitude , establish a kosovo with democracy and the integration of various nationalities , and a kosovo that respects the government 's political power and protects the rights and interests of ethnic minorities can be recognized by the international community .
he also stressed that the european commission will do its best to help the development of kosovo .
barroso also expressed his satisfaction with the current eight standards for kosovo 's democratic process proposed by the united nations .
he believes that the implementation of these standards is a key factor that affects the integration of kosovo and europe .
he also called on all serbs in kosovo to join the institutions of kosovo and to make unremitting efforts to realize the integration of democracy and multi - ethnic kosovo .
barroso arrived in the capital city of kosovo on the same day for a one - day visit .
before that , barroso had visited croatia and serbia and montenegro and would visit macedonia 's serbia and bosnia .
( winter games , stimulants ) news analysis : the incident of sending a brand name may not be known to all .
xinhua news agency , turin , february 17 , xinhua news agency . news analysis : the incident of sending a brand name may not be known to all .
xinhua news agency reporter gao xinying
although italy repeatedly issued that turin 's winter olympics was a scene of the use of stimulants , all of them might face the embarrassing of ghosts , judging from various circumstances , this situation is not likely to occur in this winter 's winter olympics , the main part of the scandal of stimulants , the russian pariah , the two russian swimmers , the russian winter parovic , on their bodies .
turin winter games opened on the 16th , the first case of stimulant scandal since the opening of the games . o ' ang - yu 's party was found to have used a drug prohibition card is not a lot .
the next day , the international olympic committee announced that the dispatch of leova has been expelled from the winter games , and the 15 - kilometer individual individual medal of the women 's 15 - kilometer individual tournament that she obtained at this winter olympic games has also been stripped .
the two alliances in the world winter season made a two - year penalty for the para - category tournament on the same day .
the international olympic committee has always stipulated that athletes are found to use stimulants at the olympic games , and will be deprived of their qualification for the games , but they are not subject to legal sanctions .
however , according to italian law , the use and use of stimulants by italian athletes is a criminal act , and the judicial organ has the right to directly arrest and investigate the athletes who use stimulants . the defector is still facing a sentence of not equal to three months .
in december last year , the international olympic committee and the italian government , after a year 's bargaining price , finally reached an agreement , both sides agreed to handle the use of stimulant by athletes during the winter olympics in accordance with the italian law .
after the ioc 's unremitting efforts , the italian side made a concession four days before the opening of the winter games and promised that the police would not go to the olympic village to search for the athletes ' residence in the olympic games , but the athletes who had shown positive results in the drug examination would still be subject to investigation by the italian procuratorial organs .
it was reported that the italian government supervised the dulingle winter olympic games officials , perez , has handed over the stimulant incident to the dulingle procuratorate .
however , the international olympic committee and peter krishnan have not yet confirmed the matter .
russian winter team doctors andmikhail demireov disclosed at noon on 17 july that the dispatch of legends has left turin and returned to china .
the former director of the china sports official , shi kangcheng , who had worked in the world anti - doping agency for many years , believes that once the leaf is sent back to china , this matter may eventually be settled without a single vote .
shi kangcheng said that the international olympic committee and the italian government have never given a thorough solution to the issue of anti - stimulation at the winter olympics . even if the italian procuratorial organs really intervened in this matter , it is hard to say that the result is .
according to the previous practice of the italian pickup incident , the number of bans who were given the most severe punishment was only the two years of imprisonment suspended execution .
therefore , the senior reporter of italian news agency pele said that the possibility of sending a leona into the prison was slim , and most of them were fined .
peli also said that although the italian court could have been tried out in a absence , the italian police could not possibly send leonid to other countries to take them back and serve .
if the extradition refused to accept the ruling , the italian side would have no way to take her .
xinhua news agency , beijing , june 6 - the new epidemic is still under strict precautions .
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the number of bird flu cases in africa has been further spread , according to xinhua news agency .
the world health organization ( who ) confirmed on the 17th that three areas in egypt have discovered the death of bird flu virus .
in europe , france has also discovered for the first time five bird flu viruses , and europe has been highly vigilant against the virus and has strengthened epidemic prevention measures .
the world health organization 's east sea region advisor hassan bush told the press on the 17th that the current number of dead birds in cairo , cairo , and three southern minya regions have already discovered the dead bird flu virus infected , and the relevant departments of the egyptian government have started to kill suspected infected poultry .
the experts pointed out that egypt is an important channel for migratory birds to the middle east and north africa , and it is very likely that the migratory birds will bring the avian flu virus into china .
egypt has announced the ban on poultry imports from abroad and has strengthened the quarantine work at border ports .
the first case of the bird flu virus was reported in a farm in the capital of cameroon in the past week .
cameroon has decided to suspend all poultry imports from nigeria , which has been infected with the bird flu , and suspend all poultry and related products from the markets along the two countries ' borders .
the government has also built a comprehensive national epidemic monitoring network within a short time , and the country 's bashkd center and national veterinary medical laboratory are in an emergency state , so that they can carry out any tests on the soona - 1 virus at any time .
in europe , denmark and sweden initially ruled out the disease on the 17th .
the swedish institute of sweden released a survey on the dead swans found this wednesday , indicating that the swedish geese had not contracted the virus .
preliminary results of the denmark state veterinary authority also showed that 30 dead swans were found in denmark recently .
however , the agriculture department said denmark could not take it lightly .
the number of bird flu cases has been reported in romania , east europe , since the beginning of this year , and the world health organization experts said in bucharest on the 17th that there is virtually every case of avian flu in the danube delta region , and that romania may be constantly threatened by avian flu in the next three years or five years .
in bangladesh , asia , the government has taken all necessary measures to prevent the disease .
the government 's livestock service bureau has provided relevant officials with books on bird flu prevention , and has also organized poultry farmers to conduct training .
china 's first blood information management system opens in zhejiang
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the blood information data management system of the first blood information management system in china has been formally established and put into use in the center recently , according to the zhejiang blood center .
a relevant responsible person of the zhejiang blood center said : this means that in the future , any citizen will take part in the blood donation work of a blood supply organ in any county ( city ) in zhejiang province . there will be a record of unioneness . when he again donates blood , he will be able to make use of the blood input , including the relevant records , personal data , blood transfers , blood transfers , blood transfers , blood transfers , and blood trans@@
the responsible person further explained that if the relevant code - records are imported , the system will show that the insolvent blood donor is not available yet . he will give instructions that the conditions for the current donation are not in line with the conditions .
this will not only protect the health of the donors themselves , but also effectively protect the health and safety of the blood users .
in addition , when blood supply is tight , donors and their families have the right to give priority to blood , and as long as they enter the effective documents of the donors , they can immediately show the information of the donors , which is quite convenient .
according to a report by hangzhou " today morning news , " the information system has now been put into use in all 36 blood - bearing organs across the province . the blood resources of all blood - bearing organs in the province can also be seen real time and the data can be shared throughout the province .
to prevent the recurrence of landslides in 11 villages in the philippines , emergency withdrawal of farmers from the village
manila , february 18 ( xinhua ) the philippines has decided to impose a ban on the use of hillside landslides in 11 villages in the eastern philippines , according to local officials .
the official of the province of lesotho , russo leyah , said on the same day that these villages are located in the same region as the village where hillside landslides occurred on the 17th .
the residents of 11 villages who have withdrawn will be placed in seven evacuation centers .
lyas said that the government ordered the evacuation of residents yesterday and sent people to inspect the villages today because some people did not want to leave their homes .
the mountain landslide incident occurred on the 17th in a mountain - based village in santisel town , south lyt province . looking at the television screen , the mud and stone block have buried the entire village and can only see several roofs .
as the soil is very thick and humidity is very large , the hopes that people buried below are very slim .
at present , 109 people have been killed and 57 others have been rescued .
it is estimated that the death toll of the accident may reach 1,800 .
( overseas chinese situation ) quanzhou , fujian 's southern chinese township , january exports up 35.2 percent year on year
fuzhou , february 19 ( xinhua ) the total export volume of quanzhou city in january this year continued to maintain a high growth trend .
according to customs statistics , quanzhou 's exports amounted to $ 330 million in january , the best record in history , up 35.2 percent year on year , higher than the average growth level of the province .
according to an analysis by the quanzhou city bureau of foreign trade , the reason why quanzhou 's foreign trade grew rapidly in january was mainly because of the fact that quanzhou 's export enthusiasm was running high with many foreign trade support measures , quanzhou 's economic operation was active , enterprises ' business confidence strengthened , and a highly efficient and unimpeded environment for foreign trade development .
