the two records of the two notebook computers carrying princess dowl 's investigation information were stolen .
london , april 6 , 2007
the london daily express pointed out that the two records of the death of princess diana in paris in 1997 were computer used by former metropolitan police chief .
the report pointed out that the theft caused speculation that the computer might have a computer hiding capacity of sir robert smith , former chief of police officer of metropolitan city .
however , a spokesman for the metropolitan police station said that there was no sensitive information in the computer or related information .
sir steve is the first senior official of the northwestern police office in england , and his office is in the area of tai enteburg .
the report said that the nusansanita police station had been tracing two theft cases in the past 10 days .
the weekend holiday from january 28 to 29 , including computers and cash , was taken away , and the second theft occurred last week , without any loss .
the norwegian police said there was no evidence to suggest that the two burglary cases were related to sir robert smith 's work .
he has been tracing the cause of death of princess wales , and is it not directly causing the accident .
the royal autopsy bristis ordered in 2004 to continue to track the relevant evidence .
princess diana was arrested on august 31 , 1997 in a paris tunnel accident , and the victims of her death were her wife fawad and driver .
after two years of investigation , the french police believed that the driver was driven by drink driving and taking drugs , and the driver was able to drive the fast train , causing the vehicle to lose control and causing a tragedy .
the sri lankan warring parties agreed to hold talks in geneva in late june
afp , lairbo , april 7 .
norway , which is the mediator - mediator peace process , said that sri lankan jihad agreed to start negotiations in geneva on the 22nd of this month , dissolving the problem of racial bloodshed , which has been stalled for three years , in order to seek an end to the decades - long period of racial bloody clashes .
norway peace special envoy solham held talks with the tamil tiger liberation organization in london after meeting with balayanhanhan , a negotiator for the liberation of tandriyilan , and obtained this breakthrough .
the norwegian embassy in beijing said in a statement that the various conflicts in sri lanka were caused by the sri lankan government and the liberation tigers in milan , and urged the norwegian government to assist in the negotiations in geneva on february 22 and 23 .
the two - day talks will focus on how to strengthen the cease - fire agreement that took effect on 23 february 2002 , and this agreement has not been fully observed by both sides .
the norwegian embassy pointed out that the two sides will discuss how to improve the implementation of the cease - fire agreement , which is the first time in three years that the two sides have held face - to - face talks at such a high level .
sorghan said he would lead a norwegian team to participate in the talks , and four representatives from the tiger liberation organization in tanzania were led by barzanhan , while the sri lankan government was led by the minister of health .
he said : this is a small step that is leading to peace , but an important step , the process of negotiations is expected to be arduous .
the first face - to - face talks to resolve the sri lankan racial clash were held in japan in march 2003 , but the liberation tiger in tanjuilan cancelled the original scheduled seventh round of talks in thailand in april 2003 .
north korea 's delegation to join hands in winter olympics
italy 's main oil producer , italy , is the first leg of a series of oil exporters to be launched in the country .
the 20 th winter olympics opened today in duilin , where south korea and north korea , which were each enemy during the cold war , joined hands in the ceremony .
south korean woman baucus lee bowara , a skating runner of north korea 's men 's floral skating , han cheng - ren , was the head of the two teams , leading the southern korean team to enter the winter olympic sports ground .
this is the first time the olympic team from south korea and north korea join hands in the winter olympics .
in order to reflect the united spirit of reconciliation between the two sides in recent years , the two sides held a meeting in sydney summer olympics and the 2004 athens summer olympics . both south korea and north korea 's delegates joined in the race .
north korea did not participate in the 19 th winter olympics held in salt lake city , the united states .
the korean peninsula was split into a northern korean peninsula , which was practicing capitalism , and the two sides held talks between the two sides during the korean war between 1950 and 1953 .
in 2000 , leaders of south sukhoekkhodorkovich held a summit meeting , and bilateral relations improved .
the greek team is the first country to enter the competition , and the south is the 22 nd largest country in the 80 - nation , with 23 north koreas .
the landlord national anthony representative team is the last country to enter the stadium and the sport elicited a warm cheering and applause from the audience .
hovman had been deeply moved by drugs and he had come to see the way to create a performing arts .
new york , april 16 , 2007
it is generally recognized as the most important thing to win this year 's oscar film , the film 's imperial potence : the white hair of cold blood , the famous player of the philippines , cyprus , is also known as the one who was once indulged in drugs and wine when he was little arrogant . he was fortunate that he could start a successful performing career .
in an interview with the news magazine of the us columbia broadcasting company , henry kopez , in order to get drugs and wine during that period , he was really using every means .
at that time , he only left the house 20 times and just graduated from the department of drama of the university of new york , entered a bright and colorful society . everyday , his life spinning speed spinned , and finally turned his head into a coma and lost control .
he entered the retreat at the age of 22 , and there was a place to avoid getting drunk and drug - trafficking . that was the most panic in his life .
the upcoming oscar awards ceremony to be held next month will explain the american writer kopotoso 's role as a movie " god of heaven " : the cold blood has eased the white snap , and it is believed that the best male leading character award is the best hope to win .
before that , his superb performance was affirmed long ago and had won many affirmation from the award , including the best male lead in a golden balloon .
during the visit , the 38 - year - old actor said that if it was not resolved to change its bad habit before becoming famous , he might not have won the nomination of oscar .
he said he envious those who were 19 years old , suddenly became famous beauty actors with many gold .
four traces of bird flu have been panicky among people in helsinki , europe
brussels , april 16 , 2007
the avian flu virus has been found in europe , causing people 's panic .
the european commission approved the establishment of another control of the region of the virus , which included all the areas of the virus - infected country under its management , prohibiting all the transporting of birds .
the african country 's nairobi and lithuania have been expanding to more areas of chicken farms after discovering the deadly h5n1 virus . signs indicate that they have crossed the northern border into niger .
egypt is investigating a sudden outbreak of chicken in a farm in southern egypt , worrying that the virus might continue to spread .
european chicken markets are affected by the virus incident and are on a large - scale slide . the eu executive committee stressed that there is no reason to panic .
the executive committee is responsible for health and food safety executive committee , typuino said that the public 's concern about this matter is understandable , but it does not need to be overreacted .
the virus has been discovered in the past . after three - kilometer protection zones and 10 - kilometer warning zones in the vicinity of the spot , the european commission has also issued new regulations to list all the european arenas where the virus is found as a buffer zone .
a eu official who declined to be named pointed out that everyone was nervous , and that they were handling the transmitted from various parts of europe one day to the evening , suspected that the epidemic had already broken out .
so far , there are a total of austria 's pesoia , the swana , the baluyevsky , the baluyevsky of slovenia and russia 's territory in europe , and all of them have found the bodies of the 5th bird flu virus , almost all of which are in wild geese .
romania reported 31 cases on the 16 th , and slovenia 's bias , greece 's luzon island , and germany 's luzonia , also found new cases .
the southern italy found bird flu viruses on two ducks , the first bird flu case in europe , and the 51st virus infected with the h5n1 virus .
the eu officials are most worried about the upcoming migratory birds flying from africa .
the government of nigeria is working harder to prevent the spread of the virus in the african continent to mankind .
the government of the country announced that all the farms in the area of the bird flu infected with bird flu in the area within five kilometers from the infected farms will be destroyed without exception no matter if they are threatened by the virus .
the government of neighboring countries , the nihon news agency , announced that the whole country has entered a state of alert and had to allocate $ 4 million worth of emergency plans to monitor and control the border with nigeria .
the newly established national emergency committee said that they had received notification that the two countries had close to 400 security guards in seattle on the border between the two countries , and nearly 400 birds died .
the new regulations will be implemented on 1 march .
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) china 's banking industry has been developing rapidly , said a press release issued by the china banking regulatory commission ( cbrc ) on tuesday .
a spokesman for the china banking regulatory commission said that according to the regulations of the management measures , the procedures for examination and approval of foreign - funded financial institutions have basically not changed . that is , after foreign banks have been allowed to open their internet banking business , if new internet banking business types need to be added , the main report banks in china should be submitted to the board for examination in a unified way .
to standardize commercial banks ' use of the internet to carry out banking business , the people 's bank of china promulgated the " interim procedures on managing internet banking business " in june 2001 .
a spokesman for the banking regulatory commission said that with the constant development of the electronic banking business of commercial banks , the interim procedures cannot meet the requirements of the monitoring of risks in electronic banks , and the cbrc has drawn up two new regulations for this purpose .
according to a spokesperson for the banking regulatory commission , the cbrc 's decision on the quality of the safety evaluation institution is different from the administrative licensing of the nature of entry into the industry or enterprise entry qualifications . it is not a necessary condition for the evaluation body to conduct the electronic banking safety evaluation business . it is only a reference for the financial institution to choose the evaluation institution .
as long as the safety assessment institution meets the relevant conditions and requirements , even if the securities regulatory commission does not have the quality assurance , the financial institution may also invite it to carry out an electronic banking safety assessment , but it should be managed according to relevant regulations .
the " procedures for managing the business of electronic banks " consists of nine chapters , divided into four parts : general application for a change in the management of risks , exchange of data , and transfer of management of cross - border business activities , and management of cross - border business activities .
the " guidelines for evaluating the security of the electronic banks " consists of five chapters and 57 articles , which are divided into four categories , namely , the management and supplementary articles for implementing the safety assessment activities of the general evaluation body on safety matters .
" mao zedong , zhou enlai liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , and chen yun 's theory " published
beijing , february 6 ( xinhua ) the " mao zedong , zhou enlai liu shaoqi , deng xiaoping 's theory on research " compiled by the central party literature research office has recently been published by the central party literature publishing house .
conduct investigation and study in a deepgoing manner , persist in integrating theory with practice , and formulate and implement correct line , principles , and policies is the basic experience and basic work method of the cpc leading revolution and construction .
mao zedong 's zhou enlai , liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping 's chen yun , and other revolutionaries of the older generation have made many important and incisive expositions on the issues of investigation and study . they also frequently went deep into the grass roots to conduct social investigations and wrote many reports on the investigation .
the practice and results of their investigation and study are of great significance in guiding the cause of the party and the people to advance along the correct road of development .
" mao zedong , zhou enlai liu shaoqi , zhu de , deng xiaoping , and chen yun on investigation and study " are divided into three parts : the first part is the extraction of the theses of mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation on investigation and study , and the second part is a reproduction of mao zedong and other revolutionaries of the older generation .
these reports were first made public .
in addition , there are two articles about the investigation and study of central leaders in the 1950 s and 1960 s .
russia reiterates one - china policy
moscow , february 6 ( xinhua ) russian deputy foreign minister alekseyev reiterated on the 6th when meeting with chinese ambassador to russia liu guchang .
alekseyev said that the russian side noticed chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence .
the russian government has always adhered to the one - china principle and firmly supported china 's efforts to realize the great cause of national reunification .
last year , after the adoption of the " anti - secession law , " the chinese national people 's congress [ npc ] took the lead in publicly expressing its support .
alekseyev said that the russian foreign ministry will issue a statement as soon as possible , reiterate its one - china stand , and oppose taiwan independence .
( overseas china ) 3 chinese compatriots suffer from robbery in south africa
johannesburg , february 6 ( xinhua ) chinese and fujian overseas chinese , lin yixing , were killed in a restaurant in south africa at the early morning of the 5th local time .
according to feng yang , chairman of the free state ethnic chinese federation , the incident occurred in the town of wellington , over 130 kilometers northwest of burundi .
at that time , the owner of the shop , lin yixing , picked up the goods inside the bar station and was preparing to end the one - day business .
at that time , there were three customers in the shop , one of them pulled out of the pistol and dashed into the bar tower and robbed them .
lin yixing , 40 , struggled with the scoundrels . the scoundrels fired a gun at lin yixing and fled .
the local people who rushed to the scene rushed to the hospital sent lin yixing to the hospital for treatment . because lin yixing 's body was full of the pernicious blood tubes of the blood pipe permeated with the blood , the blood was not stopped , and the death was at about 3 : 30 a. m . on 6 february .
on 6 february , xu defu , the chinese consulate general in jose state , and lin changming , vice chairman of the south african - chinese association of fujian origin , rushed to burundi to help the family of the deceased handle the aftermath of the accident .
lin yixing became the first suspect who was shot and killed by the robbers within 36 hours , and was also the fourth chinese who died in south africa since the beginning of this year .
( newspaper and periodical extraction ) shanghai : part - time and college graduates become the main engine of hourly work
beijing , february 7 ( xinhua ) the labor and social security bureau of shanghai municipality announced its latest annual wage policy for 2006 , with a total of 120 jobs , an increase of 11 posts and a rise of 11 compared with the previous one . the original position was still under a slump .
according to an estimate by a relevant expert from the shanghai labor and social security bureau , currently the number of hours working in shanghai has exceeded 1 million .
according to a report in the china youth daily , college graduates and part - time workers are the major component of the hourly contingent .
through direct investigation of nearly 8,000 hours of work , over half of the staff are part - time personnel , and the proportion of them is 51.1 percent .
the cultural level of part - time workers is generally higher , mainly engaged in the work of relatively technical , such as translation jobs , part - time personnel ratio as high as 81.77 % , and fitness of 61.6 % .
the high income is an important reason why many people are engaged in the work of concurrently working hours .
it is learned that the monthly income of individual jobs can reach tens of thousands of yuan , and it will be difficult to find any more , just as the transcription of the voice . the monthly income of the working posts can be more than 2,000 yuan , such as those of the financial fungus .
to satisfy individual interest and to expand their knowledge - based field is also an important reason why the employees are interested in joining the same job hours .
for example , when mr. gu , a manager of a certain enterprise , is a manager of human resources department , he will take several hours a week to handle the financial accounts of a foreign merchant representative office .
mr koo said that the biggest earnings from the concurrent position was that his knowledge had been constantly updated , and that he had the opportunity to involve another field . of course , the income of 2000 yuan per month also had a certain degree of enticement .
as the employment threshold for some hours is low , the work style is flexible and free , and many of the graduates currently seeking employment are gradually favored , 144 % of them are college and secondary school graduates who have been working in the past three years .
at the beginning , i did not want to do an hour work , but after several months i felt it was better than the nine to five days to work .
after graduating from university , the college graduate , huang did not find his job as satisfactory . finally , he hung up in a guesthouse and used piano to play background music .
i am very satisfied with my present work , at one hour 100 yuan , and the environment is good . what i want to do now is to find a few hours of work .
it is learned that an hour - long work has become a job - seeker who has accumulated experience in work and has improved his skills in work and communication skills .
the graduates are working hours mainly in a knowledge - based and technically - skilled job - translation posts , such as higher - professional translation posts , a strong age - oriented performing arts , with a ratio of 22.1 % and 26.8 % respectively .
the technical requirements for some of the jobs are not high , such as food promotion promotion promotion personnel , freshmen , etc. , and the unemployed personnel can be appointed through simple training .
the data shows that among the employees working in the hire , the proportion of those working in the middle and the number of unemployed in the retail sector reached 39,000 , of which the proportion of the unemployed in retail business reached 68.4 percent , and the proportion of catering and catering was 58.7 percent , and that an hour - time job became an important channel for the employment of unemployed personnel .
wu bangguo inspects anhui province
beijing , february 8 ( xinhua ) the political bureau standing committee of the cpc central committee , wu bangguo , chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress , stressed during a recent inspection tour of anhui that it is necessary to use the three important ideas of the deputies , persist in taking the scientific development concept as guidance of the overall situation of economic and social development , conscientiously implement the central authorities ' principles and policies in light of local conditions , further emancipate the mind and creatively carry out work ,
from 6 to 8 february , wu bangguo successively went to the wuhu lake wuhu lake in ma anshan , and other places to go deep into the rural areas ' scientific research institutes and colleges and universities .
wu bangguo pointed out : anhui has the regional advantages of connecting the eastern and western regions with the southern part of the city . it is an important agricultural region in china . it has abundant natural resources , a relatively good industrial foundation , a strong scientific and technological strength , and a strong cultural and tourist resources . it has great development potential .
anhui should firmly seize the important opportunity to promote the rise of the central region , always persist in economic construction as the central task , conscientiously implement the central authorities ' principles and policies in light of the actual conditions in anhui , creatively carry out work , and implement the scientific development concept in specific measures and work in practical work .
we should sum up practical experiences in a timely manner , fully rely on the masses , vigorously support reform and innovation , and constantly open up new prospects for anhui 's work .
we should actively promote the building of a harmonious society , persist in properly safeguarding the fundamental interests of the overwhelming majority of the people as the starting point and the foothold of all our work , actively create conditions , and gradually resolve the practical problems of the masses in difficulty , gradually adjust the distribution relationship , gradually change the gradual narrowing of the gap between the two regions in urban and rural areas , and safeguard the fairness and justice of the society so that all the people can share the fruits of reform
wu bangguo stressed : china has reached the goal of relying more on the enhancement of its ability to innovate independently and the enhancement of the quality of workers to promote economic and social development . only by vigorously promoting scientific and technological progress and innovation can we achieve a leap in the quality of productive forces and push economic and social development to the orbit of scientific development .
we should establish and perfect as soon as possible the system and mechanism that are conducive to innovation , increase input in science and technology , encourage patent invention , develop famous brands , speed up the transformation of scientific and technological achievements into real productive forces , strengthen the status of enterprises as the main body in independent innovation , and continually enhance the contribution rate of scientific and technological progress in economic growth .
we should support and encourage the participation of key technological elements in distribution , establish and perfect a statistical index system that embodies independent innovation capability , and study and formulate policies that support independent innovation in financial and government procurement , and form a policy system that encourages independent innovation .
we should cultivate a sense of innovation in the entire society , vigorously advocate the spirit of daring to innovate and compete with others , and strive to create a favorable atmosphere for the coming generation of talented people .
wu bangguo pointed out : in the course of building a socialist country ruled by law , the npc has played an increasingly important role .
to do a good job in the work of the people 's congresses under the new situation , first , we should uphold the correct political orientation , unswervingly follow the path of political development of socialism with chinese characteristics , and organically combine the adherence to the party 's leadership with the people 's efforts to become masters of their own affairs and the rule of law .
second , closely center on the overall situation of the party and state work , closely center on major issues in reform , development , and stability , and closely center on hot and difficult issues of common concern to the masses , so as to constantly enhance the practical results of the people 's congress work .
third , it is necessary to give play to the characteristics and advantages of the npc work , uphold democratic centralism , act according to the procedures , and make collective decisions .
we should adhere to the mass line , take people as the foundation , exercise power for the people , have a strong emotional tie with the people , and work for the interests of the people .
china proposes program for future scientific research in 2005
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) china has made great efforts to promote sustainable development and to achieve major breakthroughs in its international competitiveness , the white paper on the national medium and long - term scientific and technological development ( 2006 - 2020 ) released by the state council on the 9th has drawn up four major scientific research plans .
the four major scientific plans are the key research project for the control of the magnetic rice , the development and reproductive research .
the outline points out that protein science is the commanding height of life science , which is currently fierce contention among developed countries .
in the next 15 years , china will focus on studying the new biomass - opulation of major biological systems , the biomass - opetic biology of the theory of the new biomass , biomedicine and biomedicine , and the interactive function of the biomedicine and system biology and system biology , and the methods of the research of protein , and relevant applied basic research .
the outline also maintains that quantum regulation and control research has a clear perspective and may have a negative impact on human social and economic development after 20-30 .
china should focus on studying the carrier of quantum telecommunications , the principles and methods of regulation and control , the quantum calculation , the new quantum effect of the limited - capacity system , the new theories and new technological foundation of quantitative regulation and control and measurement .
in addition , the outline points out that nanotechnology has become a strategic choice for many countries to enhance their core competitiveness and is also one of the fields in which china is expected to achieve leapfrog development .
in the next 15 years , china will focus its research on the control of nanometer materials , the manufacture of self - made fiber and functional , and the research of nanomethanic biomass , nanomethanic , nanometer superficial and measurement , as well as nanometer materials and nanometer technology in the energy environment .
china 's population growth is large , birth defects are many , organ transplant is in serious shortage , and the aging peak is approaching . therefore , it is urgently necessary to make breakthroughs in reproductive and scientific theory and technological innovation .
according to the outline , china will focus on studying the breeding of stem cells , the regulation and control of breeding , maturity of aquaculture , the deterioration of human reproductive functions , the mechanism of retreat and retreat , and the safety and ethics of supporting reproductive and stem cells technology .
shanghai 's housing prices dropped nearly 7 percentage points last year
shanghai , february 9 ( xinhua ) the government 's land - based macro - control policy for real estate industry has produced notable results in shanghai in 2005 .
according to the latest data released , last year all indicators of shanghai 's real estate industry dropped or slowed down somewhat .
the increase in the prices of residential housing dropped 6.6 percentage points from the previous year , while the value of real estate industry declined by 4.1 percent compared with the previous year .
pan jianxin , director of the shanghai municipal bureau of statistics , said at a news conference that in 2005 , the average selling price of commercial residential housing in shanghai was 6,698 yuan / square meters , an increase of 313 yuan over 2004 .
the price of domestic sales for all of the year increased by 9.2 percent over the previous year , and the increase rate of increase was 6.6 percentage points lower than the corresponding period of last year .
the annual added value of the real estate industry was 670.23 billion yuan , a drop of 4.1 percent over the previous year .
in the balance of loans by financial institutions , the balance of personal housing loans was 2.6494 - billion yuan , only 9.44 - billion yuan was added in the year , while the new loan increase in 2004 reached 72.09 - billion yuan .
pan jianxin said that the year 's shanghai real estate sales prices are stable and the prices of commercial housing are low .
the statistics also show that according to the latest data , in 2005 , real estate prices in shanghai dropped somewhat , and the average sales price of residential commercial housing was 6698 yuan / square meters , an increase of 313 yuan over 2004 .
in 2005 , the price level of housing sales rose 9.7 percent from the previous year , and the rate of increase was 6.2 percentage points lower than the previous year .
according to him , last year , the shanghai municipality completed real estate development investment of 124.686 - billion yuan , an increase of 6.1 percent over the previous year .
the sales area was 31.587 million square meters , a drop of 9.5 percent .
the annual sales volume of commercial housing was 21.613 - billion yuan , a drop of 4.5 percent over the previous year .
two light aircraft crashed in new zealand
wellington , february 9 ( xinhua ) two new zealand light planes crashed at the southeastern coast of southwestern hilton , about 100 kilometers north of the capital of wellington , killing two pilots of the flight institute .
according to a relevant responsible person of the local civil aviation department , the two pilots on board were all trainees of the aviation college of the university of marsh , and they were still receiving training and were not yet able to obtain a flight license .
at the time of the incident , two planes were in a non - air control zone . according to the regulations , the pilots should be responsible for the navigation and safety conditions of the aircraft when flying in such a region .
a witness at the scene of the incident told the new zealand media that he had heard a huge explosion when the plane collided and saw the plane crashed into the ground as quickly as possible .
another eyewitnesses also confirmed that before the plane crashed , it heard a huge explosion and saw the crash of the plane .
the cause of the collision is not yet clear , and the local civil aviation authorities will investigate this .
argentine , chinese condemn chen shui - bian 's remarks on taiwan independence beijing , june 30
buenos aires , february 8 ( xinhua ) a delegation of overseas chinese and ethnic chinese in argentina , led by the council for promoting china 's peaceful reunification , issued a solemn statement on the 8th , strongly condemning chen shui - bian 's recent remarks on taiwan independence and opposing any attempt to split taiwan from china .
the statement said : in his speech on 29 january , chen shui - bian declared that he would abolish the national unification council and the platform for national unification and development , which was another step taken toward the taiwan independence movement .
the compatriots on both sides of the strait are longing for peace , and the good aspirations of taiwan compatriots for peace and development will face severe challenges .
the statement pointed out that resolutely opposing and containing the separatist activities of taiwan independence and safeguarding peace and stability in the taiwan strait region remains the most urgent task for compatriots on both sides of the strait and the chinese community in the world .
the statement stressed that the argentine council for promoting peaceful reunification is willing to hold talks with all the overseas chinese and ethnic chinese from both sides of the strait to uphold the one - china principle , resolutely oppose any form of petty taiwan independence , and actively promote china 's peaceful reunification .
prc expert : us ' provocative ' military threat ' unjustifiable accusation
beijing , february 9 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to grant the right to the united states a " four - year defense review " to the congress recently , which is the most likely challenge to the united states .
experts believe that this is unreasonable accusations against china 's normal national defense construction , and exaggerating the china military threat theory is interference in china 's internal affairs .
the " four - year defense review report " is a new national defense guidance document of the pentagon .
the 92 - page report expounds on china 's military strength and the countermeasures that the united states should adopt in three paragraphs , directly mentions 15 times to two phrases : china or china 's influence , and the two phrases of china 's population , which are major and emerging powers , china has the greatest potential to engage in military competition with the united states . if the united states does not adopt counter measures , china will very likely develop its military superiority and thus destroy its traditional
yao yunzhu , a researcher at the world military research department of the chinese academy of military sciences , said that although senior us officials have expressed similar views on many occasions before , this is the first time that the united states has proposed in its national defense strategy report that china is the emerging power that is most likely to pose a military challenge to the united states .
the report clearly defined russia 's nuclear power as a new strategic opponent , especially its so - called china threat theory .
major general peng guangqian , a researcher at the chinese academy of military sciences , said :
what merits attention is that in the " four - year defense review report " formally submitted , us president bush also submitted a government budget for fiscal year 2007 to congress on the same day , including $ 43.93 - billion for national defense budget .
if the pawn plus the additional budget for military action in iraq and afghanistan , the us national defense budget for 2007 will exceed $ 500 - billion , setting a new historical high , peng guangqian said , this is almost the same as the total amount of military expenditure of all other countries in the world .
peng guangqian said that the us trick of fabricating the threat of other countries reflects the consistent style of the pentagon 's doings of the enemy , and its real purpose is to strive for more defense spending and to gain more profits for the huge us arms industrial bloc .
according to experts , compared with the huge military spending of the united states , china 's defense expenditure is quite limited .
he has been a military expert who has participated in many times in the chinese national defense white paper , deng hongzhou said : since the 1990 s , with economic development , china 's national defense spending has increased somewhat , but the proportion of china 's national defense expenditure in the same period has shown a trend of decline .
official data show that in comparison with 1979 , china 's defense spending accounted for nearly 10 percentage points of the national financial expenditure for the same period .
china 's defense spending in 2005 was 244.656 trillion yuan , only about 1 / 14 of the united states , and the per capita military expenditure of the people was only about 1 / 60 of the united states , and the per capita military spending was about one - third of the us military 's .
the size of the united states ' territory is roughly the same as that of china 's territory , but the difference in military expenditure is huge , and it is not to mention who 's military strength exceeds the proper defense needs .
peng guangqian said :
director of the research department of the china arms control and disarmament association , teng jianqun said that the us side should objectively evaluate the situation of china 's military construction , and that china 's peaceful development does not mean that china and the united states will become opponents in the military field in the future .
the white paper " china 's national defense in 2004 " says that china firmly takes the path of peaceful development and implements a defensive national defense policy .
china has never been fooled in the past and now , and will not pose a threat to any country .
so far , china has not established military bases in any other country , nor has it sent a single soldier to other countries , while the united states has over 100 military bases overseas , and has deployed over 100,000 troops in asia alone .
zhu feng , professor at the institute of international relations of beijing university , said : china and the united states should increase communication and exchanges through established channels , enhance mutual understanding and trust , comprehensively promote constructive and cooperative relations between china and the united states in the new century , and jointly promote world peace and development .
( winter olympics ) dublin winter olympics opening will be a show of passion
dublin , february 9 ( xinhua ) the 20 th winter olympic games will be held at 8 : 00 p.m . local time on the 10th at the duan olympic stadium .
on 9 november , the organizing committee of the dublin winter olympic games disclosed to reporters the brilliant arrangements for the opening ceremony .
on the opening ceremony , kaisari , chairman of the organizing committee , was full of confidence . at the press conference , he said that the opening ceremony had cost 10 million euros and pooled top italian talents .
he said : the night of the 10th will be hard to forget . at that time , 350,000 viewers in the conference hall and about 2 - billion viewers in the world will see the opening ceremony full of the horrible and successful horrible sentiments .
the flames of the flames were warm and the five - star - ridden white doves of peace and the white snow and milk of alps will appear at the opening ceremony . the director gave a briefing on the opening ceremony that the inspiration of the people 's ardent love and the italian talent - style talent will become the biggest theme of the opening ceremony , and as the largest winter winter winter olympic games in history , he will show people 's longstanding cultural style and the
italian designer amani specially designed garments for the opening ceremony , and italy 's famous fashion brand morkino will provide a uniform for the team 's attendance .
however , the famous italian man , sophie pavarotti , will sing a song at the opening ceremony , and the organizing committee will keep this suspense in the end .
eight experts who can use the flame flame of the flame from the head flame , and the three - meter - long flame showed the burning aristanbul , and they will shuttle on many occasions at the speed of 70 kilometers .
the organizers said that the event was the most successful creation in their opening ceremony .
and on how to ignite the main torch , the organizing committee did not reveal it ahead of time . however , the main torch tower , 57 meters high , will shine brightly and the residents on the nearby alps ' hill .
white house announces bush 's plan to visit pakistan and india in march
washington , february 9 ( xinhua ) the united states has decided to grant the right to the united states even if it blasphemes the islamic predecessor mohammed 's cartoon incident in the islamic world , a white house spokesman said at a press conference on the 9th . however , president bush will still visit pakistan and india in march in line with his plan .
mclellen said that bush is looking forward to visiting pakistan and india .
he also said that he is making arrangements for this visit .
mcclellan made the above remarks at a press conference in pakistan 's capital city of khartoum on the islamic front 's desperate of mohammed .
in january this year , when bush met with pakistani prime minister aziz at the white house , both sides expressed their willingness to strengthen friendship and cooperation to jointly crack down on terrorism that endangers the security of the two countries .
bush also said that at the invitation of the pakistani and indian governments , he will pay a visit to pakistan and india in march .
hamas seeks breakthrough in cabinet building
ramallah , february 9 ( xinhua ) hamas has found a breakthrough in forming a cabinet
xinhua news agency , beijing , march 17 ,
the palestinian islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) won the legislative election , how to draw up a blueprint for the new government has become the focus of attention in the world .
what kind of new policy will hamas implement will directly affect the corresponding policy orientation of the various parties concerned in the peace process .
at the same time , the resistance attitude of the united states and israel has added variables to the prospects of the hamas government .
at present , all sides in palestine are stepping up consultations to reach a consensus on the difficulties and sensitive points in forming the cabinet that involve future development .
the prime minister 's post has left no one .
after hamas obtained the right to form a cabinet , some people outside were worried that the hamas prime minister might have differences with the current supreme leader abbas .
moreover , hamas leader marshall , who is visiting egypt , stressed that the new palestinian government headed by hamas will not recognize israel , and this tough signal has also intensified international concerns .
the united states and israel explicitly expressed their disagreement to a hamas government that holds real power , and threatened to suspend economic aid to palestine and to hand over taxes to palestine .
however , this does not obstruct hamas from making flexible strategic adjustments and selecting the independent is a policy of compromise .
it is reported that in order to obtain international approval as much as possible , hamas leaders at home and abroad who had gathered in egypt recently decided to choose the chairman of the board of directors of the shahbar islamic university , jahmadi - mehrari , to be the new prime minister .
this move has not yet been received by the relevant parties .
palestinian analyst hossein hossein said that the most important thing in the prime minister 's appointment is to play down hamas 's tough - minded character as much as possible , and that only by doing so can the success of the cabinet be guaranteed .
how to distribute power ( subhead )
within the palestinian territories , the biggest challenge facing hamas in forming a cabinet is the lack of sufficient governing experience .
the palestinian newspaper " shi'a " carried an analysis saying that hamas has gathered people 's morale through social welfare projects , but in governing , it lacks experience and has a close cooperation with the palestinian national liberation movement ( fatah ) , which has the governing experience .
hamas proposed to establish political partners with fatah after the election and jointly set up a national coalition government , but fatah has not given any positive response to this day .
at present , there are different opinions within fatah on whether to enter the cabinet , and one faction advocates participating in the new government , thus doing something . another faction refused hamas 's invitation . it is willing to be a positive opposition party in the legislative yuan .
the informed source pointed out that , in the dissuasion of abbas , fatah gradually inclined to join the new government .
even so , hamas and fatah will also hold talks on the distribution of cabinet posts .
in addition , the other way is to set up a cabinet that is independent of partisan affiliation outside the framework of the legislative council .
it is reported that hamas has also designed a clean and expert - type government , but the specific list is unknown .
in view of the attitude of the united states and israel , the technical expert - type government can no longer be regarded as a form of forming a cabinet that can lighten external pressure .
according to the provisions of the palestinian basic law , after the new legislative council took office on 16 february , the work of nominating the prime minister and forming the cabinet will be completed within three to five weeks .
what course to follow in arming the people ?
the weapons in hamas are another thorny issue facing the establishment of a new government .
the united states and israel have taken a very tough attitude , resolutely demanding that hamas abandon violence and refuse to participate in government affairs with guns .
hamas leader marshal stressed on 9 november that armed resistance is a strategic choice of the organization .
the armed forces are in fact two levels of the legality of weapons and the management of the ownership of the armed forces .
hamas elected as first largest legislative party through democratic and free means , and it has made its subordinate armed factions , the same as the pawn of the government , the way to bring them into line with the government 's security organs .
hamas once proposed to reunify all factions into the palestinian national authority , but did not receive a wide response , and was also met with a protest by the palestinian islamic jihad ( jaafar ) .
palestine now has over 60,000 security personnel , and the overwhelming majority of them come from the fatah camp .
in addition , fatah also has some armed factions , such as the panasonic martyrs ' brigades , whose organization relations are loose , such as the panama of the arsaya martyrs .
hamas , which is responsible for forming a cabinet , must reach an agreement with abbas on how to manage these armed forces that are under their own administration and rationally distribute security management powers .
according to local media reports , abbas intends to be in charge of security and intelligence units , police , civil defense , and other organizations , while the new government 's internal affairs department is under centralized control .
however , the parties are still holding consultations on this sensitive issue , and so far no further report has been made .
china issues polar inspection report
beijing , february 10 ( xinhua ) china 's state oceanic administration ( soa ) issued a report on china 's polar exploration in 2005 , which is the first time china has issued such reports since it launched its polar scientific inspection activities more than 20 years ago .
the report comprehensively reflects the progress of china 's polar scientific expedition activities in 2005 , the polar exploration activities of the ultra - earth scientific research , and the results of the scientific research on logistics support .
according to the " report , " at 2:15 on 9 january 2005 ( beijing time ) , china 's antarctic expedition of the inland ice - covered inspection team successfully reached the highest - altitude sea ice - covered area in the antarctic . at 3:15 on 18 january , the observation team decided that the highest point of the dengfeng 's highest point was 403 meters .
in the increasingly fierce international arena of expedition , the chinese people 's firm will and dauntless spirit have the courage to open up new fields , and first of all they have launched the impact of the highest area of ice and covered the highest area of the antarctic , thus realizing another dream of mankind in the antarctic .
sun zhihui , director of the state oceanic administration , said :
the " report " shows that on 24 march 2005 , the 21 st antarctic expedition team of china successfully completed its mission to return to shanghai . the inspection lasted 151 days and was 2,6500 nautical miles .
on 18 november of the same year , china 's 22 nd antarctic expedition team left shanghai and went to the antarctic zhongshan station to conduct scientific research activities . it will leave the zhongshan station before the end of february 2006 and return to shanghai via australia .
as the polar investigation report published by china for the first time , the " 2005 china polar inspection report " also set forth the requirements for china 's polar expedition , which started in the 1980 s .
according to the " report , " china formally joined the " antarctic treaty " in 1983 , becoming a member of the antarctic treaty organization , and successively becoming a member of the council of directors of the antarctic council of the antarctic council of the antarctic council of science research council of the antarctic council of consultation countries , the advisory council of nanpolar science research council of the antarctic treaty in 2003 .
in 1997 , china became a member of the arctic science committee , and won the right to speak and make decisions in international polar affairs .
the " report " points out that over the past 20 - odd years , china has been able to see the extreme from the vantage point of its development , its original scale , and its existing system of scientific inspection of nanbipolar science , a three - stop , and a three - leg , namely , the changcheng station established in february 1985 , the nanpolar middle - mountain station established in february 1989 , the huanghe station established in july 2004 , and the northeastern
statistics in the " report " show that by the end of 2005 , china had organized 22 antarctic scientific expeditions for two times , using the snowy dragon boat as its pingping station 's northern pole scientific expedition inspection tour . so far more than 3,000 inspectors from the country have visited the natii poles on - site inspection .
at present , we are building the third antarctic expedition station , and also the first inland survey station in the antarctic .
sun zhihui said :
after more than 20 years of efforts , china 's polar expedition has occupied a position in the world 's polar inspection , but it is still far from the fact that there is a big gap between china and other major polar countries . we must catch up with our heads and catch up with our own feet .
he said .
sun zhili disclosed that china will publish the polar inspection report every year .
castro meets chinese vice - president on cooperation in science , education
havana , february 10 ( xinhua ) cuba 's president of the council of state castro met with visiting chinese state councilor chen zhili on the 10th . both sides expressed their willingness to strengthen mutually beneficial cooperation in education , science and technology and other fields .
president castro warmly welcomed state councilor chen zhili to visit cuba .
he said that cuba and china are very friendly , and that high - level visits have been frequent , which have effectively promoted and strengthened friendship and mutual understanding between the two sides , and hopes that the two countries will continually deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in various fields , including education , science and technology .
he said cuba is one of the major influential countries in latin america and the caribbean region .
the friendly exchanges between the chinese and cuban peoples have a long history .
cuba is the first latin american country to establish diplomatic relations with new china .
in the new century , with the concern and promotion of leaders of the two countries , mutual political trust between the two countries has been increasingly deepened , the scope of cooperation has been constantly expanded , mutual support and cooperation in international affairs have been extended , and sino - cuban friendly relations have entered a new period of comprehensive development .
she believed that with the joint efforts of both sides , sino - cuban friendly cooperation will certainly yield more fruitful results .
chen also pointed out that the chinese government has always attached importance to exchanges and cooperation with cuba in the education field .
in recent years , education exchanges between the two countries have become closer and more frequent .
china actively supports the international conference held by the cuban side and has sent a delegation to attend the world higher education conference and the 2005 conference on eliminating illiteracy .
cuba 's basic education is very high , and it is hoped that relevant experience will be further strengthened in the future .
chen said that china and cuba have advantages in science and technology research and development , and that they can achieve mutual benefit and win - win results through the launching of cooperation in various fields .
the chinese side has offered assistance to some cuba 's scientific research equipment this time , hoping that it will play a positive role in cuba 's scientific research and production .
she also briefed castro on china 's strategy of rejuvenating the country through science and technology and the situation at the national science and technology conference .
chen arrived here on february 9 , local time at the invitation of the cuban government , and began his visit to cuba .
during this period , chen zhili met with vasile , cuba 's minister of higher education , and inspected the university of science of hadana university of science of montenegro , princeton middle school and saint maria elementary school .
leakage of oil leakage at beijing - kazakhstan highway closed
harbin , february 11 ( xinhua ) a total of 1,650 people were killed and over 1,500 injured in a traffic accident at about 2300 on february 10 , leading to a closure of some roads .
according to the police of the traffic police brigade of the shuangcheng city public security bureau , three car - collision occurred at about 10 : 00 a. m . on the 10 th at the intersection of the jingha highway . a sedan , a truck on a single truck , and a oil tank truck collided with each other . the cracks of the oil tank were leakage and the waste oil loaded inside flowed on the road .
it is learned that the oil tanker is carrying waste oil after the production of coke .
because of the thick and thick foam of waste oil , and at the same time , fearing that the fire hazards might occur in the past vehicles , the departments concerned have closed the road to the scene .
some roads in harbin heading for shuangcheng were closed , and many vehicles bypassed .
at present , the relevant departments are clearing the scene of the accident and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) and huangpu announced that the three italian flag was listed on the market
hong kong , february 11 ( xinhua ) the chinese government and the people 's bank of china ( pboc ) announced on the 11 th that yantai had implemented a plan to list its 3 - star telecommunication business company in italy .
huo chien - ning , general manager of the huanggang group , said that although the listing of all relevant regulatory bodies has been approved by the three italian companies , the listing procedures must be completed within the next few weeks , and the time is really too hurriedly .
at the same time , the current market is weak in the european telecommunications market , and the market may not necessarily give italy a suitable market value for listing at this moment .
in view of the fact that the shareholders have obtained the greatest interest , the decision to postpone the listing is therefore decided .
as to when the stock market will be listed again , howard said that the future situation of the european telecommunications market will depend on .
he believes that from now on to the time of the further offering of shares , italy needs to conduct extensive investors ' education activities , so that the global telecommunications investment market will have a more clear understanding of the strong performance and favorable prospects of italy 's existing dominance .
according to media reports , one of the world 's co - ordinators , goldman sachs , italy , 3 , agreed to use 420 million euros , through private marketing , to hold 10 percent of the italian stock market , which is based on its own sale , is expected to be completed by the end of march this year .
china , myanmar enjoy good prospects in economic , trade relations
yangon , february 12 ( xinhua ) chinese ambassador to myanmar ( cna ) tang haihai and his economic and commercial counselor tang haihai said in an exclusive interview with xinhua on the eve of myanmar prime minister matsumoto on his visit to china that the economic and trade relations between china and burma are now showing a good trend of enriching content , diversified forms of mutually beneficial development , and common development of the economy .
ambassador mike said : in recent years , the sino - burmese good - neighborly and friendly relations , which have been established on the basis of the five principles of peaceful coexistence , have been consolidated and developed . exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been expanded and deepened day by day , and economic and trade relations between the two countries have been constantly expanded and strengthened .
tang said that the high - level visits between the two countries have forcefully promoted the development of bilateral economic and trade relations .
during the two countries ' high - level visits in 2004 , the two sides signed 33 economic and trade cooperation agreements , most of which are being implemented and implemented .
he said : 2004 is $ 1.144 - billion , and in 2005 it will reach $ 1.309 - billion , of which china 's exports will be $ 935 - billion and imports will be $ 274 - million .
in bilateral trade last year , china 's yunnan and burma 's total trade ( including border trade ) reached $ 630 - million , an increase of 14.6 percent over the previous year .
tang said that myanmar has become an important market for chinese enterprises to contract construction , and china 's major projects in myanmar include the construction of the bridge of the yangtze river station and the factory ( such as the sugar - cannum - powered plant , the yangtze river plain plant , and the paper - making plant ) .
chinese enterprises have launched engineering projects in burma , which has led to the export of all kinds of mechanical and electrical products in china , and myanmar has become one of the important markets for china 's complete sets of equipment and mechanical and electrical products .
according to chinese customs statistics , in the past five to six years , the export of mechanical and electrical products has accounted for about 45-5 percent of china 's total exports to burma .
tang also said that myanmar is rich in resources and that china has started to invest in the development of resources such as the nickel ore mine of oil and natural gas in burma , and that there is great potential for the development of sino - burmese economic and trade cooperation .
he hoped that chinese enterprises would have a long - term view , learn to avoid risks , make careful decisions , establish a good image of enterprises , ensure that the quality of projects will be guaranteed and the quality of the projects will be guaranteed on time , and thus win glory for the country .
ambassador to the management of the company and counselor tang haishan both held that prime minister soe win 's upcoming official visit to china is a major event in bilateral relations this year , and is of great significance in enhancing political mutual trust , promoting bilateral cooperation , and promoting the further development of sino - burmese good - neighborly and friendly relations .
during the visit , the two sides are expected to sign several agreements on economic and trade cooperation .
world bank to reduce debt to poorest countries
moscow , february 11 ( xinhua ) world bank president wolfowitz said on the 11th in moscow that the world bank would completely exempt debts from the poorest countries by the middle of this year .
wolfowitz held talks with finance ministers from various countries who are here to attend the g - 8 finance ministers ' meeting in moscow on the same day .
in a statement issued after the meeting , he said that the world bank would implement its debt relief plan before 1 july this year , and the world bank is now completing all technical work .
last year , the world bank 's donor countries completely exempted debts owed by 28 countries and said that they would fill the funds for the trust funds concerned .
the international monetary fund 's creditor size is smaller . the organization began to reduce or waive its debts at the end of 2005 .
in addition , wolfowitz 's decision to exempt debts from 16 african countries was welcomed by russia .
the us has gradually become the mainstream digital tv .
new york , february 12 ( xinhua ) the world 's largest producer of television sets ( the dominique ) has been declining and the market has been expanding along with the continuous decline in the prices of high - resolution television sets ( the " le - yang " ) .
the newly - disappeared american super - american star - mere - mere olive branch soccer has become a hot spot for american broadcasting industry to greet the tv era .
according to a recent report by the financial times , the us congress recently passed a bill , which stipulates that us broadcasting industry must completely stop broadcasting the current mock television signal on 17 february 2009 , and can only broadcast a digital signal .
this means that the overall digitization of the us television programs has already been set on a clear timetable .
the popularization of high - resolution digital television calls on consumers to buy tv sets on one hand , while on the other hand , it depends on the production agency to provide high - definition digital programs .
while digital television has been repeatedly mentioned in the past few years , it has never become a reality .
this problem has taken a turn for the better this year .
according to the forecast of the us consumer electronics association , the sales of digital television sets in the united states this year will exceed traditional tv sets for the first time , while 85-5 percent of the digital television sets are high - resolution products .
the japanese researchers developed a new type of highly efficient human kidney .
tokyo , february 13 ( xinhua ) the research and development of a biomass kidney by researchers at the japanese east china sea university not only has the same function as human kidney , but also has the function of maintaining the material component , and is small and easy to transplant . with the research in - depth , it is expected that the kidney - like virus will bring benefits to the patients .
according to a recent report by the nihon keizai shimbun , the newly developed biological kidney mainly consists of two parts , and some are the kidney - powered needle of the patients who are filtrated from blood and are divided into water . the other is the rebirth of the breathing pipes of the people who have been reclaiming blood from such sources as the plummeidiotic dioxide of the former lieutenant general di@@
the puppet and the orange of the man 's breathing are made up of the middle sky 's wire line , and the side of the chorus of the human breed pipes also filled with the brain of the function of decoy .
this type of skin cell can make many blood analysis of the diseases caused by blood transfusion , and the interrelated nature of the variant of the variant of the variant of the variant of the material , which is a material discrepancy and can also enable the reentry of the glucose , the glucose , and the mineral material needed for the body to the blood .
in the past , the human kidney used to rely on the discrepancy of lethal pressure to dispose of the waste , and it was not qualified to return the components of the hydrogen and other components to the blood .
the researchers used the hills to conduct biohuman kidney transplantation experiments , and the use of the pig - based skins in the middle - air wire of human - made kidney .
two weeks later , researchers confirmed that the human - made kidney had already been able to function .
at present , they are developing and using the biohuman kidney cell of human kidney cells and will start clinical research after testing their safety .
china 's power industry faces severe challenges
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) the official responsible for the state electricity regulatory commission ( src ) said on the 13th that although the power safety production remained stable in 2005 , the power production safety remained grim .
shi yubo , vice chairman of the state power regulatory commission , said at the fifth ( enlargement ) meeting of the national electricity safety production committee held here that china 's power production safety in 2005 was generally stable , and the power supply was safe and electricity supply was ensured .
however , he pointed out that with the changes in the situation in electricity supply and demand and the successive use of large numbers of newly built power generating units , the production of power safety will face new challenges .
these challenges include regional variations of electricity shortages , electricity supply and demand in some areas , and the situation of electricity supply and demand in some areas remains tight .
shi yubo said : with the deepening of the reform of the power system , many deep - seated contradictions will continue to be exposed . how to maintain the stability of the staff and workers ' ranks and ensure normal production order will become new problems facing us .
in view of the 2006 work on electric power safety , shi yubo said that it is necessary to further strengthen the basic work of power safety production management , speed up the establishment and improvement of an emergency management mechanism for power safety , enhance the ability to deal with sudden incidents , strengthen coordination and cooperation in power network , jointly safeguard the safety of the power system , continue to do a good job in the work of supervising and managing the dam safety and building information , strengthen the management of power construction , and
it is learned that in light of the new situation in power safety management , the power regulatory commission will amend and improve the " interim regulations on investigating electric power accidents " promulgated this year . at the same time , the supporting documents on safety and protection of the second system of power stations ' dam and power supply will be successively promulgated this year .
in 2005 , the total electricity consumption of the entire society of china reached 2,468.9 billion kilowatts , up 13.45 percent over the same period of last year .
in the face of the situation of supply and demand for electricity , the contradiction between coal , electricity , oil , and transport remains serious , and other unfavorable situations , all power enterprises have taken effective measures to strengthen management of equipment . last year there were no extraordinarily serious accidents in power supply throughout the country .
the number of accidents involving power grids was 74 , a decrease of 127 , and 427 equipment accidents were recorded , a decrease of 132 compared with the same period last year .
south africa 's envoy to china said there was no such thing as the organization of sexual abuse against chinese citizens in south africa
beijing , february 13 ( xinhua ) south africa is ready to work with china to further promote the development of the friendly relations between the two countries , said a senior envoy of the south african embassy in china , in an exclusive interview with xinhua on the 13th .
he also said that the south african government will do its utmost to crack down on all forms of crime .
the south african government hopes to reduce the crime rate to zero , and hopes that every country working in south africa will have a safe life and property to be fully protected by local law and citizens , said the minister .
since 2006 , four chinese citizens have been killed in south africa , and the chinese world has expressed widespread concern over this .
the chinese foreign ministry has made representations to south africa and reminded chinese nationals in south africa to further enhance their awareness of security precautions .
we express the most sincere sympathy and condolences to the victims ' families .
" we are very sorry about this and we also invite the chinese people to believe that the south african government is seriously investigating every case involving china .
according to the chinese embassy in south africa , the south african police have successfully cracked a case of the killing of chinese fujian woman chen jianqing on 5 february in south africa , and a suspect has been arrested .
the police are now tracking down another suspect .
according to the south african embassy in china , the criminals suspected of shooting and killing hong kong businessmen were arrested by south africa police in january this year , and the victims ' belongings have been recovered .
on the impact of the killing of chinese citizens , fu kangning said that these incidents are indeed very important to trade between the two countries and exchanges in other fields . however , in the long run , influence should not be great .
according to the information given by the south african embassy 's tourism commissioner , nabil mbey , the embassy issued a visa to more than 2,000 chinese in the first 15 days of this year .
according to official statistics from china , south africa will continue to maintain china 's position as the biggest trade partner in africa in 2005 .
the volume of bilateral trade reached $ 7.27 billion , up 23.0 percent from the same period last year .
however , people in the tourism industry believe that the series of incidents of chinese citizens ' death in 2004 have a significant impact on the number of chinese tourists visiting south africa .
according to the statistics of the south african tourism bureau , there were 20,331 chinese tourists in the first half of 2005 , a decrease of 14.9 percent over the same period last year .
currently , there are about 200,000 chinese living in south africa , and they are spread across the cities and villages in south africa .
analysts here believe that the gap between the rich and the poor in south africa is large , the unemployment rate is high , and firearms are rampant , and there is no deterrence of death penalty , so the crime rate is still high .
as many chinese do not understand english , they have cash in their bodies and their homes , and this is even more easy to become the target of criminals seeking money .
hk promotes learning and training in english
hong kong , february 13 ( xinhua ) the " hong kong convention on the promotion of english in the workplace " launched by the hong kong special administrative region government on february 13 aimed at enhancing the english standard of more working people .
this is a good theme with the theme of learning well english and life - wide life , including promoting learning and training in workplace english through a series of promotional activities , and helping employers better understand how to help their employees to raise their english proficiency .
so far , the scheme has already provided funding for nearly 25,000 people to complete workplace english training , which has enabled them to attain the benchmarks for the relevant types of work in hong kong .
the hong kong sar government launched the english language movement in 2000 .
an important project in the workplace english campaign is the funding scheme for workplace english training .
the scheme aims to help employees who need to use english in their work to pass the international english language examinations and to meet the required workplace english standards of their respective types of work .
the hebei aids inspection and testing system is implemented free of charge .
shijiazhuang , february 14 ( xinhua ) the hebei provincial health department recently issued a " hebei province 's plan for implementing voluntary consultation and inspection of aids " ( trial implementation ) , which clearly stipulates the principle of free treatment for aids and voluntary consecration , and hopes to see as many as possible the probable people and patients , further implement preventive and intervention measures , and the policy of reducing the number of people who are involved in the disease .
the " program " has clearly defined the principle of voluntary consultation and inspection of aids in hebei province : hiv and aids antibody testing and consultation are free , and hiv testing and consultation voluntary and consultation with information , and hiv testing and keeping information confidential are not evaluated by relevant behaviors of the advisory , and the protection of the legitimate rights and interests of hiv carriers and aids patients are protected .
the " program " requires that the aids consultation and examination points should be set in a convenient location for the consulting personnel . in order to protect the privacy of the consulting personnel , there should be a single room for conducting one - to - one consultation .
the choice of the advisers should give full consideration to the individual quality , knowledge - based , and ability to exchange .
to protect the privacy of the consulting , the inspection leaflet can use the code or number to register .
the " proposal " also requires that the health administration departments at and above the county level publicize the medical and health care institutions that undertake voluntary free examination of aids in their respective regions in order to facilitate the masses to understand the relevant information .
the ministry of public security still has a focus on the work of extorting confessions by torture .
beijing , february 14 ( xinhua ) a senior official of the ministry of public security said here today that the chinese government will continue to implement the policy of " democracy " and " rule by law " to prevent the crime from becoming unwanted in china .
the focus of the work of the supervisory departments is also to prevent the occurrence of these problems .
he also pointed out that some international organizations ' understanding of the law enforcement situation of the chinese police is not correct in all aspects .
the latest information provided by the ministry of public security on 14 july shows that the ministry of public security issued the " regulations on putting on record the implementation of measures taken by public security organs in keeping with the rules " in 2002 , which " rules on the application of continuing interrogations by public security organs " , thus better ensuring that grassroots public security organs can apply the measures for offering interrogations according to law .
since 1997 , in order to further promote the three kinds of treatment ( i.e. , the practice of harnessing the abuse of the use of the police force in the field of harnessing the use of force of force by public security organs , the supervision and inspection force of national police organs , the supervision and inspection force of the police force , the supervision and control force of the police force , and the law enforcement units at the grass - roots level , such as public security supervision and control centers ,
in order to prevent law enforcement from the source , the police inspectors departments have further extended the antennae of law enforcement inspectors and increased the investigation of the sexual abuse of public security personnel and the theft of motor vehicles by reference materials on the cases of corruption involving money , such as the " 110 receiving superficial police call " and the " cases of theft and robbery of motor vehicle information .
prc 's sun yun - suan dies in taipei
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the taiwan authorities have decided to grant the right to taiwan to enter into the " taiwan strait exchange foundation " for the sake of taiwan 's independence , the statement said .
sun yun - suan was born on 11 november 1913 in shandong 's poncelet , and graduated from the electrical engineering department of harbin industrial university .
it is a member of the 10th - 13 th central committee of the kmt , member of the 11th central standing committee , and member of the presidium of the 14th central committee appraisal committee of the cpc central committee .
he was once director of the taiwan authorities ' transportation policy , and director of the economy 's advisory council , and other officials .
heilongjiang promotes evaluation of water pollution ecological environment in songhua river
harbin , february 16 ( xinhua ) the chinese government has decided to implement the plan to build a water - flow dam in the songhua river and to divert the ice layer from the river .
this reporter has learned from the heilongjiang environmental protection bureau that the " yanghua river pollution incident " ecological environmental impact assessment and countermeasures organized by the state environmental protection administration , which was organized by the sasac , have identified 15 special topics , including an emergency environmental evaluation and an ecological impact assessment and a comprehensive evaluation of the healthy pollution control project , and a specific time for the three stages of the project .
at present , there are 10 scientific research institutes in heilongjiang province with a total of over 60 people engaged in technical research on 14 subjects .
according to the briefing , the environmental protection department and relevant scientific research institutions will focus on five topics , namely , research on emergency environmental evaluation and countermeasures for emergencies , in an effort to first resolve environmental problems that the masses are concerned about .
these include the main control of the concentration of pollutants from the surface and the total discharge of pollutants from the outside of the country , the impact on the safety of the consumption of water products from the songhua river , the decentralized extraction of water and the safety of underground water supply , and the evaluation of the safety and purification technology plan of cities ' water supply for safety and purification of water supply , and the research of the laws of poll@@
the heilongjiang provincial environmental protection department will also intensify environmental supervision over the coastal areas of the songhua river , and seriously investigate and deal with environmental incidents that cause serious pollution caused by illegal pollution .
heilongjiang will send environmental law enforcement personnel to supervise and guide various localities in carrying out comprehensive environmental improvement work in small river basins and improving the environmental management system of the alashan river , the yangtze river , and other tributaries .
beijing university opens crescent hall to express condolences on wang xuan 's election
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) the world 's largest oil producer in beijing has been blossoming in the past few days after a strenuous arrangement , said a report from the chinese academy of sciences ( cnc ) here today .
at 0800 in the morning , the opening hours of the hall were not yet reached , and dozens of people outside the door had already lined up in a long line .
the reporters were present at the memorial hall in the memorial hall to mark the 100 th anniversary of the north university . the wall of the hall was hanging black horizontal scroll on the wall of the hall : we should deeply mourn the death of academician wang xuan .
the lower side of the horizon is a giant wang chose a dozen - odd square meters of portrait . he was wearing a glasses , a smile on his face , and a sad and elegant .
the two sides of the remains were placed with several blasting trees , and dozens of wreaths were placed on both sides .
one of the ironclad 's ironclad writings : qin sheng was found at tang shunhua 's hysterical foundation , and did not see the lead - drawing blueprint of contemporary spring power .
the hall was filled with grief , and the atmosphere was heavy .
among the mourning crowd were leaders and teachers and students of the beijing university , friends of the wang xuan academician , teachers and students of the wang xuezhi , and many others who had no knowledge of him also rushed to the site .
some of them hold flowers in their hands , some hold floral baskets , and each of them wear small white flowers in their chest , and slowly go to the front of the portrait of wang xuan , bowing to their ambition .
many people could not help but shed tears .
zhang wenbin , who was once director of the state cultural relics bureau , is a old alumnus of beijing university . he told this reporter that more than 10 years ago he was still working in henan province , and he invited professor wang to give a report on scientific and technological innovation to provincial party committee cadres .
the academician selected from wang was a model of our learning . he was a great contribution to the country and society . the people will never forget him .
professor jin ruilin of the beijing university law school and wang xuan 's old friend who has been a friend for more than 40 years .
he was released a few days ago and today he insisted on going to bid farewell to his old friend .
in his message to the guests , mr. kim could not stop his grief and wounds and had time and again wears flowed with his flames .
he told this reporter that professor wang xuan 's life was very frugal , and he was already a professor at the tong garden , and he had already made very high achievements , but he was still living in a very small house for many years .
later , he moved to chengzenzegao garden , where he lived in a place of 70 to 80 square meters .
the beijing university gave him a grand memorial hall at the blue - flagship camp , a huge house of over 140 square meters . he did not want , and the high - level housing provided by the zhengzhou building also did not want to be swayed by the side .
mr. kim recalled with deep feeling that during his overseas visit , wang chose to provide him with a very high treatment , but he resolutely declined .
at the beginning of the year , he insisted that he did not apply for an academician , and that he was only able to fill out his own pocket after several mobilization of mr. zhou peiyuan .
mr. jin , who is deeply moved by this , is also wang chou 's attitude toward cultivating young people . he has emphasized many times that i still have some achievements , not me , i should depend on cultivating young people .
mr. kim said : when he was 50 years old , wang chose to pay attention to fostering young people . he has always stressed that we should make the road to pave the way , and should be content to be a human ladder to give way to young people .
this is a very successful scientists , and it is not easy to see a breath .
this reporter learned from the beijing university press center that from 9 : 00 a. m . on 15 february to 12 noon on 19 february , the memorial hall of academician wang xuezhi was open to the public from 9 : 00 a. m . to 1600 p.m . daily . the hall of academician wang xuezhi was open to the public and was thus sent to people from all walks of life for condolences .
the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] , vice chairman of the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference , academician of the chinese academy of sciences , wang xuan , a professor at the third world university of science , was confirmed to be 70 years old because of illness and ineffectiveness . at 11:33 on 13 february , he died of illness in beijing 's amateur hospital .
china , chile establish mechanism for exchanges
wu was also present at the signing ceremony and signed the agreement
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) wu bangguo , chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) , attended a signing ceremony for a political dialogue between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament at the great hall of the people on the afternoon of the 15 th , and signed the agreement in the text .
the exchange mechanism between the chinese npc and the chilean parliament was formally established .
it is reported that senate president ronald ronald russell and house speaker assenator arsenal recently signed the agreement in santiago , the capital of chile .
according to the agreement , the two sides will establish a sino - chilean political dialogue relationship in accordance with the principles set forth in the communique on the establishment of diplomatic relations between china 's npc and the chilean parliament , and the two sides will set up a dialogue committee , in turn , to jointly promote the comprehensive development of bilateral relations .
chilean ambassador to china kiribati karimara and others attended the signing ceremony .
china to promulgate regulations on protection of information network
beijing , february 15 ( xinhua ) many websites rely on a large number of reprinted newspapers and magazines to increase their number of hits , but many of them have not been authorized and have not paid any price for such products .
wang ziqiang said : according to the current law , the work already published in newspapers and periodicals can be carried out without the approval of the authors of the authors ' statement that does not make unfounded use of the paper . at the same time , the state copyright bureau has specially set the standard for the reprinting payment of newspapers and periodicals in accordance with the law .
however , in accordance with the existing law , the newspaper and periodical publishing houses enjoy the right of statutory permission , and the internet currently does not enjoy the right of statutory permission .
according to the relevant judicial interpretations of the supreme people 's court , the method of using statutory permissions in the reprint of newspapers and periodicals can be applied to the internet , that is , the short article published on the internet , and the author has not made any statement that can not be used by the internet , and the internet can not be used without permission , and at the same time pay .
however , as there is no rule in judicial interpretations on the remuneration standards , there is no pay for the use of these works on the internet .
the short works that have been published on the internet are not applicable to statutory permissions , and it is also necessary to determine the extent of laws .
wang ziqiang said : whether or not it is included in the scope set by the law or not will be confirmed by the regulations on protection of the information network , which will be promulgated this year .
russian military says georgia 's decision not to affect russian peacekeeping operations
moscow , february 15 ( xinhua ) russian defense ministry spokesman sergey shdodov said on the 15th that the georgian parliament 's decision on the russian peacekeeping forces will not affect russian peacekeeping operations in the near future , and that the russian military will continue to carry out peacekeeping missions in the region of the conflict in south ossetia .
the russian state duma ( lower house of parliament ) affairs committee chairman kobsson said on the same day that georgia will undermine the peace process in the region and will also make a positive contribution to russia 's relations .
he stressed that the georgian parliament resolution has again made relations between russia and georgia move toward a direction of deterioration .
he said that the accusations against russia by the gabonese side were absurd .
the georgian parliament passed a resolution on the same day , asking the russian peacekeeping forces to stop their peacekeeping operations in the south ossetia , but they did not determine the specific time for the withdrawal of russian peacekeeping forces .
georgia 's parliament criticized russian peacekeeping personnel for not fulfilling their obligations and regarded russia 's actions in the conflict area as a panic attempt to swallow georgia 's territory .
the parliament called on the government to take active action to consider sending peacekeeping troops to the region of south ossetia to replace russia 's current peacekeeping operations in the region .
the georgian parliament also instructed the government to amend and decide on the relevant agreements for russian peacekeeping personnel to enter the conflict area .
the south ossetia is an autonomous state in georgia , contiguous to the northern austrian republic of russia .
after the disintegration of the former soviet union , it proclaimed independence and had long been in a state of confrontation with the central government of georgia .
at present , russia has a 500 - person peacekeeping camp in the region .
the unit was established in accordance with the decision of the four - party agreement on the entry of russia 's northern oct , northern iasa , and southern turpan in 1992 .
the four responsible persons of the liaoyuan hospital will be prosecuted for the crime of being suspected of causing major accidents .
changchun , february 16 ( xinhua ) the central hospital of liaoyuan city in jilin province has confirmed the decision of 11 persons responsible for the fire , including the director of the hospital 's electrical engineering squad zhang diankun , who is suspected of major responsibility accidents .
on 15 december 2005 , the largest hospital in liaoyuan city was hit by a fire at the center hospital , which killed 39 people .
in this fire , the area over the fire was over 5,000 square meters .
it is learned that this is the first major accident in the medical and health system in the country since the founding of new china .
according to investigations , at about 16:30 on the day of the incident , the liaoyuan city center hospital suddenly stopped power supply . according to the circuit design of the hospital , the switch of the electric box will automatically jump to the sub - gate and continue to maintain normal power supply at the hospital . however , the electric gate at that time did not automatically jump out .
the underground cable line , more than 10 cables , which were used to smoke at that time , were inserted together in unorganized fashion , and such cable lines should be placed in a very tidy manner and the fire - prevention layer should be set up .
therefore , 57 - year - old zhao yongchun , head of the electrical and electrical equipment team of liaoyuan textile company , was appointed a retired cadre ( senior engineer ) of the liaoyuan electric power bureau . jin chengtai , a retired worker at the liaoyang city center hospital , was also prosecuted for being suspected of causing a major responsibility accident .
china 's first village tourism tour to guizhou province
guiyang , february 16 ( xinhua ) a chinese government delegation led by the secretary of the guiyang city party committee was wearing a festive uniform and a slavish face on the morning of the 16 th .
at 10 : 30 in the morning , after the five - year - old activity ended , zheng peimin , 80 , old zhai , who is in his long - colored shirt , sounded the first leg of his first tour of guizhou , a chinese village .
tin lung toy village is a typical representative of the development of rural tourism in guizhou and a national model tourist destination .
as a backdrop of the tuen mun army during the ming dynasty 's wudang dynasty , the people of tunisia have a history of over 600 years .
here , one can see the beauty of a person wearing a big - scoured - bearer , a ancient han culture and a dressing style in the village of tuen mun .
it is learned that tianlong village has relied on this cultural and traditional advantage to develop rural cultural tourism from 2002 , and the admission ticket income for 2005 is as high as 3.8 - million yuan . more than 47,000 peasants from the village have participated in tourism through catering , drinking , selling of tourism commodities , and so on . the peasants ' per capita income has increased from over 21,300 yuan in 2002 to 2640 yuan in 2005 .
yang shengming , director of guizhou provincial tourism bureau , said that after the first tour of tianlong 's tatsui , new rural tourism , new experience of new life - giving experience of new life , and new breeze - are the themes of new life , and the various rural tourism activities launched by various localities in guizhou this year will reach 35 .
so far , more than 130 villages in guizhou have launched various rural tourism projects . by 2005 , over 600,000 rural households in the province had extricated themselves from poverty through developing tourism .
in january , housing prices in 70 cities across the country increased 5.5 percent , and housing prices in shanghai continued to decline .
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the country 's 70 large and medium - sized cities recorded a 5.5 percent rise in sales in january , a drop of 0.7 percentage points over the previous month .
housing prices in shanghai continued to slide .
the national development and reform commission ( ndrc ) released data on 16 november , showing that the prices of most of the 70 large and medium - sized cities increased slightly in january compared with the same month last year , while the prices of housing in shanghai continued to decline by 0.4 percent in january , compared with the same period last year .
the same - level statistics show that in the first quarter of last year , shanghai 's housing sales prices rose 19.1 percent over the same period of last year , and a turn appeared in the following period , and a slight decline in the second half of last year was seen in the same period last year .
in january this year , the prices of newly built residential housing in 70 large and medium - sized cities increased 6.9 percent over the same period of last year , and the increase rate was 0.2 percentage points lower than the previous month .
new commercial housing prices in cities with higher rates of increase in comparison were 18.93 percent in dalian , hehuanhe , 14.7 percent in shenzhen , 10.0 percent in shenzhen , 9.1 percent in chengdu , 8.4 percent in beijing , and 3.1 percent in shanghai .
the central organization department called for further intensifying supervision over the selection and appointment of leading cadres and cadres
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the organization department of the cpc central committee recently issued a document to strengthen the supervision of cadres .
the opinions urged organization departments at all levels to proceed from the strict management of cadres and care for them , and to carry out cadre supervision in every link of cadre training , evaluation of selection and appointment of cadres , and the routine management of cadres , to establish and improve a mechanism for supervising and rectifying work in a timely manner , and to effectively strengthen supervision over leading cadres and the selection and appointment of cadres .
the opinions pointed out : the main tasks of cadre supervision in the organization departments are : first , supervision over leading bodies and leading cadres should be exercised . the focus should be on strengthening supervision over the principal responsible persons of leading bodies ; second , supervision should be exercised over the selection and appointment of leading cadres of party and government organizations ; and supervision and inspection should be focused on the implementation of the " regulations on the work of selecting and appointing leading cadres of party and government organizations . "
in the aspect of supervision over leading bodies and leading cadres , the opinions pointed out the need to unremittingly grasp well education in ideals , beliefs , and in combating corruption and promoting clean government , and to permeate education in the work of training , selecting , promoting , and supervising cadres , to guide and urge leading cadres to strengthen their party spirit and to persist in building a public - governed mentality and build a strong moral defense line of defenses against corruption and degeneration .
when talking about the newly promoted cadres , we should clearly set forth clear requirements for the work of maintaining honesty and self - discipline .
it is necessary to urge the leading bodies at all levels to uphold democratic centralism , establish and perfect rules and procedures for making decisions on matters of discussion , and conscientiously implement the system of combining collective leadership with individual responsibility for division of labor .
it is necessary to give prominence to the supervision of the principal responsible persons of leading bodies , and the responsible persons of the organization ( personnel ) departments should often talk with the principal responsible persons of the leading bodies at the lower level , and understand the situation in their ideological and moral work .
establish and perfect the system of daily management and supervision of leading cadres , regularly understand and analyze the ideological and work style of the leading cadres , and put forward opinions and measures for solving problems .
we should implement a system of leading cadres ' conversation and letters , and see to it that problems of symptoms are found , and conduct timely admonishing talks or letters .
the problems reflected by leading cadres should be seriously investigated and understood , and problems should be criticized and educated according to different circumstances . the problems should be handled by the party organization concerned . the behavior constitutes violation of discipline and law and the law - enforcement organ should be clarified in appropriate ways .
at the same time , we should combine strengthening supervision with encouraging cadres to boldly explore new ways and blaze new trails , and pay attention to discovering and commending outstanding cadres .
the opinions and demands that organization ( personnel ) departments at all levels effectively strengthen supervision over the selection and appointment of leading party and government cadres .
further improve the system of recommending candidates for cadres , the measures for supervising the selection of cadres , the discussion of the decisions of the cadres , and other links ; and make great efforts to ensure that the masses can live through the same work style and the cadres who have been able to live up to the political needs of the masses .
it is necessary to strengthen inspection of the implementation of the regulations on appointing cadres , seriously investigate and deal with violations of the regulations on appointing cadres , and resolutely check unhealthy trends and corrupt practices in employing cadres .
the circular also calls for the implementation of a system of supervising and inspecting the use of people in violation of the rules and regulations , and the intensification of supervision and investigation .
establish and perfect the system of holding accountable those responsible for the work of selecting and appointing cadres , and scientifically define the content of responsibility of the principal responsible persons in all links of the work of selecting , promoting , and appointing cadres in line with the principle of being consistent in power and responsibility , clearly define the method of holding accountable those responsible for the work , and increase the intensity of investigating and affixing the responsibility of those responsible persons .
we should give full play to the role of the masses in supervising the public and establish a sound mechanism for making reports on safety and high efficiency .
we should give full play to the role of supervision by public opinion , report to the media in a timely manner the relevant situations in the work of selecting and appointing cadres , and accept supervision by public opinion .
the opinions put forward the need to further improve the mechanism for coordination and cooperation in the work of supervising cadres .
organization ( personnel ) departments should strengthen their coordination with discipline inspection organs and establish a mechanism for the work of handling cadres ' party style and clean government . they should establish a system of people with responsibility and a system of joint responsibility with discipline inspection organs in connection with the work of improving the party style and building a clean and honest administration of cadres .
and work together with discipline inspection organs to conscientiously do a good job in inspecting work , improve inspection methods , improve inspection systems , and improve the quality of inspection tours .
in conjunction with the auditing organs , the auditing organs have conscientiously implemented the system of auditing leading cadres ' economic responsibilities .
we should improve the internal supervision mechanism for the selection and appointment of cadres in organization departments .
taiwan authorities use illegal investment to impose heavy fines on mainland enterprises
beijing , february 16 ( xinhua ) the taiwan authorities ' economic affairs department decided on the 15th to punish one of taiwan 's chijing and wooden chunghai , one of its two - star chunghai electronics shareholding company limited ( lianyang ) , which was based on the principle of providing assistance in science and technology for its participation in the founding of the mainland by monks and its founding partners in violation of rules .
taiwan 's chung - kuo shih - pao reported that this is chen shui - bian 's dished out his active management of the policy of opening up to the outside world and the economic and trade policy of the two sides of the strait . the taiwan authorities ' first instance of imposing penalties on taiwan businessmen investing in the mainland .
according to reports , the people at the taiwan 's tuantuan economics committee said that the punishment of the united microelectronics corp was against the regulations on cross - strait relations and the procedures for allowing investment or technical cooperation in the mainland region by the rules governing relations between the people on both sides of the strait and the rules governing taught investment or technical cooperation in the mainland .
in the future , the panorama trial will also be conducted by former chairman cao xingcheng and others in light of the situation .
the ultra - luster case began in february 2005 . at that time , taiwan 's prosecutor and control department mobilized more than 100 people to conduct surprise checks at the homes and offices of several high - ranking officials , claiming that the united microelectronics corp was suspected of providing fund - raising technology and human resources to investments on the mainland and ships and ships and ships .
cao xingcheng , then chairman of the board of directors of the united microelectronics corp , publicly stated that the united microelectronics company did not violate any regulations of the taiwan authorities , and that the united microelectronics company 's assistance to ship technology was for the long - term interests of the united microelectronics corp . if the united microelectronics company did not enter the mainland market as soon as possible , it would lose its business opportunities .
later , the taiwan authorities ' advisory committee on financial supervision and management , on the grounds of violating relevant regulations on commercial information disclosure , imposed a fine of nt $ 3 - million on united telecommunications .
on 9 january 2006 , the board of directors of the united microelectronics company accepted cao xingcheng 's resignation . after several hours ' time , cao xingcheng was formally indicted for suspected involvement in illegal investment in the mainland .
the united microelectronics corp . and the taiwan semiconductor company ( abbreviated as taiwan 's largest consumer , and called taiwan 's silk and silk .
the one - year investigation and handling of the taiwan authorities ' joint power station has attracted great attention from all walks of life on the island .
second legend in my heart , the macao cantonese culture contest , which is the second legend in my heart , is being presented to chinese people around the world .
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the second legend of the macao cantonese tournament organizing committee in my heart announced in beijing on the 17th that macao 's magnitude of the film " macao " , which is the theme of my heart , was a popular song .
the series of events were jointly organized by the macao foundation and the baihua literature and art publishing house , " scattered and outside edition , " and chen jiangong , vice chairman of the chinese writers association , were appointed as chairman of the evaluation committee .
on the occasion of the fifth anniversary of macao 's return to the motherland in 2004 , the first ever popular macao cantonese literature contest held in my heart was held . the chinese and foreign literature and art lovers responded positively to the event . the organizing committee received more than 8,000 entries and more than 10 winners from home and abroad were invited to the macao special administrative region for awards .
on 17 july , at a news conference , executive member of the macao foundation , wu zhiliang , said that last year , the figure of the historical city of macao was included in the world 's cultural heritage list . this not only means that macao 's life style and community management pattern have won the approval of the world over a long time , but also means that the chinese nation 's love and love of humanities have been passed through and developed in macao sar , and the macao sar government has decided to
wu zhiliang said : it is precisely under such a good cultural atmosphere that the macao foundation and the hundred hua literature and art publishing house have decided to again cooperate with each other in holding the second cantonese opera contest in my heart of the bayi , hoping that the participants will display their patriotic and macao feelings through the second edition of the " the patriotic literature and art publishing house " and display macao 's unique humanistic integrity and auspicious and aestheism , and
according to the briefing , the draft of the competition on 1 september this year will be open for the exclusive use of a " scout of the sea " .
after the results of the selection are announced , a ceremony will be held in the macao sar in early 2007 .
shandong successfully implements a heart transplant operation
jinan , february 17 ( xinhua ) the jinan military region ( military region ) cardiovascular disease research institute recently successfully carried out a human heart transplant operation .
on 17 july , the reporter saw in the intensive care room that the 51 - day infant was full of red face after the operation , and all monitoring and inspection indexes were normal , and they steadily passed the dangerous period of operation . they were playing with great interest the toys that the healthcare personnel bought from him .
according to the doctor who received the medical treatment that day , the son of the patient from taian village in shandong was sent to hospital by his parents . his whole body was purple and breathing difficulties . after checking the diagnosis of a saturation - based prevalence of cardiovascular heart , he had to carry out heart transplanting .
heart transplant operation is the most difficult one in the heart surgery , the most complicated one in the risk of the highest risk .
in particular , the heart transplant operation of baby infants under one year still remains empty in china .
the jinan military region cardiovascular disease institute organized experts to repeatedly argue that it carefully designed an operation and a post - care plan , made independent innovation in the method of blood - borne management , and conducted animal experiments .
at 08:00 on 28 december 2005 , the operation officially started .
the heart of the body comes from a person who died of illness caused by the malady of the prenatural lung , and died of a sudden heart failure .
the operation must coincide with six blood tubes , seal more than 510 needles , and the needles are less than three millimeters per single needle .
the operation was a complete success after 295 minutes .
state administration of safety supervision : curbing the occurrence of major and extraordinarily serious accidents such as coal mines this year is the most important of all
beijing , february 17 ( xinhua ) the four consecutive incidents of the accident occurred one after another , causing more than 100 people to be killed , and the grim situation in national safety production in the past year caused many serious accidents such as the containment of coal mines , etc. , to become the most important of all of the most important tasks in this year 's national security supervision work .
the reporter learned from the state administration of safe production on 17 july that it is necessary to really check the occurrence of many major and serious accidents , such as coal mines , and that coal mines are the most important of all .
this year , the state administration of coal mine safety will grasp the following three matters :
the best way to fight the vasis battle .
this year , wasas will first draw a stir , then take a prominent position .
if the gas mine does not practice the method of drawing a lesson first before it takes action , it must order it to stop production immediately .
prc : renmin ribao article on restructuring , closing - up struggle
we should make the 5243 public notice to the public , plus the more than 700 mine pits recently reported by various localities , a practice of closing the death of a person .
we should regard closing down as a regular task and constantly close down those coal mines that destroy natural resources and fail to meet safety requirements .
the management of coal mine safety is strengthened .
it is necessary to immediately correct the malpractice of a small number of large state - owned mines in which management is sliding and the management is chaotic .
in particular , we should pay attention to key state - owned coal mines , and absolutely not allow the production of super - capacity and superficial personnel .
this year 's production safety control indicators require that the number of deaths of all kinds of accidents in the country dropped by 3-3 percent over last year , of which coal mines decreased by 3.5percent .
the first extraordinarily serious accident involving more than 10 people was caused by the accident , with the number of accidents falling by 55.0 percent , and the number of accidents in coal mines falling by 7-7 percent .
these control indicators have been distributed to provincial - level people 's governments , and various localities are now divided into grassroots work units and enterprises at different levels .
statistics show that in 2005 , 5986 miners were killed in coal mine accidents , a drop of 0.7percent compared with the same period last year .
however , the serious accident involving more than 10 people was reported to have risen , and the number of victims increased by 66.6 percent over the same period last year .
barroso calls for more efforts to solve kosovo issue
belgrade , february 17 ( xinhua ) the european union ( eu ) has decided to grant the right to the european union ( eu ) to the european union ( eu ) to the european union ( eu ) to negotiate a compromise in the future status of kosovo , said jorge barroso , chairman of the european commission , in the capital of pristina , on tuesday .
barroso met with the president of the interim authority of kosovo serbia , serbia 's serbia serbia ethnic representative and other media on the same day . he said that all parties concerned in kosovo should show a tolerant attitude , establish a democratic and multi - ethnic kosovo , and that only kosovo , which respects the government 's regime and protects the rights and interests of minority nationalities , can be recognized by the international community .
he also stressed that the european commission will do its best to help kosovo develop .
barroso also expressed his appreciation for kosovo 's current position on the eight standard issues raised by the united nations on the implementation of the un 's proposal for kosovo 's democratic process .
he said that the implementation of these standards is a key factor affecting the integration of kosovo and europe .
he also called on all serbian people in kosovo to join the various institutions in kosovo to make positive contributions to realizing democracy and the integration of all nationalities .
barroso arrived in the kosovo capital of plaza on the same day for a one - day visit .
earlier , barroso visited croatia and serbia and montenegro , and he will also visit macedonia 's albania and bosnia - herzegovina .
( winter olympics , stimulant ) news analysis : it is possible that the issue of the leavage incident will be settled without the slightest result .
dushanbe , february 17 ( xinhua ) the issue of the leava is likely to be settled without delay , according to a press analysis
xinhua news agency , gao yining ,
although italy has repeatedly issued an order , it has been discovered that the athletes who use stimulant may face resistance to the devastation of the jail , and judging from various circumstances , such a situation is not likely to happen in the first stimulant scandal at this olympic games , two athletes in the suzukovic , the monte of the monte dentlon , russia , are still in the midst of various circumstances .
dublin 's first case of stimulant scandal since the opening of the davos winter olympics on 16 february was discovered by the police , obvian was found to have used a drug - free drug card .
the following day , the ioc announced that it had sent out lenovo out of the winter olympics , and she received 15 - kilometer personal medals for the two women 's 15 - kilometer personal medals at this winter olympics .
the two international winter events alliance made a decision on the two - year ban on the distribution of the panoramic .
the ioc has been providing that athletes have been found to have used stimulants in the olympic games , and they will be eliminated and deprived of their qualification for the games , but will not be subject to legal sanctions .
however , according to italian law , the sport carrying and using stimulants belongs to criminal acts , and the judicial organ has the right to directly arrest and investigate the use of stimulant athletes and to defy the law by defying the law for three months to three years .
last december , the ioc and the italian government , after a year of bargaining , finally reached an agreement after the two sides agreed to make a deal in accordance with italian law during the winter olympics to handle the incident of athletes using stimulants .
with the unremitting efforts of the ioc , the italian side made concessions four days before the opening of the winter olympics and promised that the police would not enter the olympic village to search the place where athletes are stationed , but the athletes who are positive in the medication will still be subject to investigation by italian procuratorial organs .
it is reported that the italian government 's official perez , who supervises the dublin winter olympics , has already handed over the repatriation of the doping incident to dublanbe 's procuratorial organ .
however , the ioc and peter scott have not confirmed this .
two teams in russian winter , andrei , revealed at noon on 17 november that he had sent lena vinas to leave turin and return to china .
he has served in the world anti - doping agency for many years , chinese sports official shi kangcheng believes that once he sent his family back to china , this matter will eventually be uncertain for many years .
shi kangcheng said that the ioc and the italian government have never been completely resolved on the issue of anti - stimulant doping at the winter olympics . even if the italian procuratorial organs really intervened in this matter , the result would be uncertain .
according to the previous judgment and penalties for the use of stimulant agents by italian athletes , the most important punishment that the banned persons receive is no more than two years of imprisonment and a buffer period .
therefore , pele , a senior reporter of the italian anta society , said that the possibility of leava entering the prison was very small , and that the most was a fine .
pierre also said that although the italian court could be tried in a short period , italian police could not possibly send leavers to other countries to take their sentences back .
if they send a vincent to refuse to accept the verdict , the italian side will have no way to take it .
china 's new epidemic areas to be hit by severe bird flu
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) the bird flu has spread further on the african continent , according to a xinhua news agency report .
the world health organization confirmed on the 17th that three areas in egypt have found bird flu dead .
in europe , france also found the first bird flu virus , and europe was highly vigilant against it and strengthened the measures for preventing bird flu .
hassan bush , who 's adviser to the eastern mediterranean region , told reporters in egypt that the current deadly bird flu epidemic has been found in three regions in central egypt , namely , jose - sa in central egypt and minya in the south , and the relevant government departments have started to kill poultry suspected of infected by bird flu .
the experts pointed out that egypt is an important channel for the migratory birds in the middle east and north africa , and there is a great possibility of bringing the avian flu virus into the territory .
egypt has announced the ban on the import of live poultry from abroad and has strengthened quarantine work at border ports .
a family in the capital of cameroon was already hit by more than 800 chickens in the past week .
cameroon has decided to suspend all imports of poultry and pork from nigeria where the avian flu epidemic occurs , and suspend the import of poultry and related products in all markets on the border between the two countries .
the khartoum government has also set up a nationwide epidemic monitoring network in a short period of time , and the country 's bastard center and national veterinary laboratory have also been in an emergency awaiting state , so as to carry out laboratory work on the h5n1 virus at any time .
in europe , denmark and sweden have ruled out the epidemic on 17 july .
the swedish veterinary institute issued a laboratory test on the dead geese found on wednesday this week , indicating that the swans in sweden have no avian flu virus .
the preliminary laboratory results of the state veterinary administration of denmark also showed that 30 dead swans were not infected with the avian flu virus in denmark .
the agriculture ministry said denmark should not take it lightly .
the country 's first bird flu epidemic in romania has been reported since the beginning of this year , and the world health organization experts said in bucharest on the 17th that bird flu has been found in almost every part of the danube delta region , and romania may be constantly threatened by avian flu in the next three or five years .
in bangladesh , asia , the government has taken all necessary measures to prevent avian influenza .
the government 's domestic and foreign affairs service ( cvb ) also provided books on avian influenza prevention to the relevant officials and also organized poultry farmers to undergo training .
china first to share blood information in zhejiang province
beijing , february 18 ( xinhua ) china 's first blood information management network system has been officially established and put into use in the center , according to the zhejiang province blood center .
a relevant responsible person of the zhejiang province blood center said that this means that any citizen will be required to take part in blood donation in any county ( city ) in zhejiang province in the future to take part in blood donation , and there will be a single and unlimited blood donation . as long as he input relevant records of blood - coed duliotic , the last time for individual blood donation , such as blood donation , can immediately display the blood - wor@@
the responsible person further explained that if the relevant code was imported , the system would indicate that the interval between the insolvent and the blood donor had not yet arrived , then he would give instructions that would not meet the conditions for this blood donation .
this way of doing things not only can protect the health of the donors themselves , but also can effectively protect the health and safety of the users .
in addition , when blood is short , the donors and their relatives have the right to use blood first . if you import the valid documents for the donors , you can immediately display the blood donors ' information , which is quite convenient .
according to a report by hangzhou 's " today morning post , " the information system has been put into use in all 36 blood - transmitting organizations across the province , and the blood resources of various blood - supplying organizations in the province can also be displayed in real time , thus realizing the sharing of the whole province 's data .
to prevent the recurrence of landslides in the philippines 11 villages in the philippines
manila , february 18 ( xinhua ) the philippines has decided to launch a new landslide incident in 11 villages in the eastern philippines , a local official said on february 18 .
the ministry of health said on friday that these villages were in close contact with the mountain slides on the 17 th , and that the village was in similar characteristics .
residents of 11 villages that have been evacuated will be placed in seven withdrawal centers .
larris said that the government yesterday ordered the withdrawal of residents and today sent people to inspect the villages , because some people do not want to leave their homes .
the mountain landslide incident occurred on 17 july in a mountain - climbing village in the southern city of saint - fetland . from the tv screen , the soil and stone plates have buried the entire village and they can only see several roofs .
as the soil is very thick and moisture is very moisture , the hope that the person buried below is very uncertain .
so far , 109 people have been killed and 57 others have been rescued .
according to an estimate , the death toll in this accident may reach 1,800 .
( overseas chinese in the hometown of overseas chinese ) quanzhou , fujian province , grew 35.2 percent in the first month of this year
fuzhou , february 19 ( xinhua ) the export of quanzhou city 's foreign trade continued to maintain a high growth in january , the first time in the year .
according to customs statistics , in january , quanzhou exported 330 million us dollars worth of goods , making the best record , increasing by 35.2 percent over the same period of last year , and exceeding the province 's average growth level .
according to the analysis of the quanzhou city foreign economic and trade bureau , the reason quanzhou 's rapid growth in foreign trade in january was mainly due to the fact that enterprises ' export enthusiasm was growing , the operation of quanzhou 's economy was brisk , enterprises ' confidence in business operations was strengthened , and the environment for the development of foreign trade was highly efficient and unimpeded .
